garden|yard|HasProperty|man made
candle|house|UsedFor|work
homes|school|HasProperty|child friendly
kitchen|refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
cellar|basement|IsA|room (type)
color|information|IsA|part media
bathroom|bedroom|AtLocation|in a house
hospital|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
nature|sky|IsA|natural thing
bedroom|bathroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
learning|skin|IsA|emotion
building|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
knowledge|university|HasA|screen
teacher|store|IsA|piece of furniture
people|apartment|IsA|part of a human
cellar|bowl|IsA|food
attic|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
map|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
furniture|chair|PartOf|house
bedroom|airport|CapableOf|have people  inside
boxes|sugar|HasProperty|found below ground level
air|hallway|IsA|car
house|bedroom|IsA|place to sleep
kitchens|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
table|plate|UsedFor|keeping things cool
shelf|trunk|IsA|made of wood
oklahoma|louisiana|IsA|us state
desk|case|IsA|something you eat off
snore|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
shelf|garage|IsA|place to store items
garage|computer|UsedFor|storing things inside
dishes|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
moon|sink|HasProperty|a building
money|purse|HasA|function
toilet|moon|CapableOf|can you drink it
mansion|conference|UsedFor|putting on a show
happiness|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
condiments|jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
sky|roof|IsA|home appliance
desires|death|IsA|physical object
floor|shelf|IsA|object
bag|trash|IsA|room in a home
classroom|encyclopedia|IsA|book
class|information|HasProperty|related to studying
cabinet|plate|IsA|something found in a household
body|synagogue|IsA|place
pot|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
classroom|apartment|UsedFor|putting on a show
inspiration|entertainment|IsA|emotion
opera|disneyland|HasA|ticket box usually
kitchen|bowl|IsA|building
store|office|UsedFor|reading books
bedroom|garage|HasProperty|used for cooking in
exercising|stretch|AtLocation|on the body
sleeping|vaccines|PartOf|human body
attic|warehouse|IsA|place
depression|trauma|HasProperty|linked to food
notebook|atlas|IsA|building
dust|corner|AtLocation|in your home
junk|television|PartOf|house
house|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
attic|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
speaker|person|UsedFor|announcing something
picture|burrow|IsA|place
bowl|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
chair|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
hospital|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
cupboard|desktop|HasProperty|edible
joy|allergies|CapableOf|be physically touched
garage|building|UsedFor|announcing something
beach|town|AtLocation|outside
sun|trouble|HasA|movie
fish|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
office|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
cut|discovery|HasA|physical appearance
room|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
thinking|library|HasA|screen
container|vacuum|AtLocation|public area
funeral|school|IsA|part of the body
factory|garage|CapableOf|work
table|movie|IsA|something found in a household
classroom|computer|UsedFor|student
building|gate|IsA|business
supermarket|movies|IsA|part of the body
wall|bedroom|IsA|room
desk|shelf|MadeOf|wood
remembering|embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
movement|exercising|AtLocation|on the body
minnesota|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
book|backpack|IsA|building
sun|glass|IsA|vacation destination
cupboard|bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
cage|nest|IsA|living thing
can|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
classroom|theater|IsA|location
pot|cabinet|IsA|place to make food
encyclopedia|dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
trauma|crying|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
house|windowsill|HasA|green plant
dream|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
happiness|effort|IsA|positive card
restaurants|bar|CapableOf|be closed
shoes|bed|AtLocation|on the map
forest|beach|HasProperty|man-made
universe|city|IsA|place
beach|ocean|IsA|living thing
woods|nature|IsA|natural thing
field|market|IsA|food
forest|rock|IsA|living/once living
trunk|can|IsA|type of business
closet|container|PartOf|wood
pantry|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
opera|church|HasProperty|an event
bar|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
carpet|people|PartOf|building a house
cabinet|chair|UsedFor|viewing/reading
house|school|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
discipline|exercise|AtLocation|on the body
stomach|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
plate|onions|IsA|location or room
toronto|trouble|IsA|animal
windowsill|park|PartOf|glass
hole|field|IsA|animal
change|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
lamp|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
castle|wings|PartOf|house 
shelf|flower|IsA|place
table|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
countryside|school|IsA|animal or book
classroom|buildings|HasProperty|alive
reflection|lightning|IsA|emotion
russia|cage|IsA|place where money is kept
bank|hole|UsedFor|cooking
confession|monastery|IsA|religious card
park|pond|IsA|nation
potatoes|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
valley|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
teacher|briefcase|IsA|piece of furniture
rock|street|IsA|stone
museum|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
car|stupid|IsA|emotion
trash|disneyland|CapableOf|be used with a computer
museum|cabinet|AtLocation|indoors
desk|cupboard|MadeOf|plastic
arguments|exhaustion|MadeOf|golden
cupboard|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cabinet|backpack|UsedFor|eating
manual|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
briefcase|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
greenhouse|pot|CapableOf|cooking
cat|snore|HasProperty|a household item
plants|ocean|MadeOf|natural materials
refrigerator|trash|IsA|place to make food
room|clouds|IsA|product that people buy
human|drugs|MadeOf|chemicals
countryside|neighborhood|IsA|rural region
town|carnival|IsA|place or location
tennessee|alabama|IsA|us state
university|book|HasProperty|a meal
laughter|excitement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
sky|creek|IsA|1 syllable word
thinking|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
papers|table|CapableOf|opened or closed
school|closet|UsedFor|a holiday
carnival|class|PartOf|building
yard|park|CapableOf|be man made
notebook|pen|IsA|school supply
pantry|container|UsedFor|storage
problems|money|IsA|emotion
cupboard|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
light|universe|MadeOf|energy
florida|america|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
pond|building|AtLocation|outside
concert|office|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
suburb|city|CapableOf|be parked on
home|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
cup|kitchens|IsA|type of food
manual|pocket|UsedFor|viewing/reading
house|driveway|MadeOf|sand
groceries|pantry|CapableOf|be moved around
maze|love|HasA|airplanes
doctor|table|CapableOf|store
closet|party|AtLocation|inside a house
desert|hole|IsA|animal
park|mountains|HasProperty|part of your  house
desk|drawer|MadeOf|wood
butterflies|cut|CapableOf|cause pain
basement|hallway|IsA|car
cabinet|briefcase|IsA|school supply
countryside|outdoors|HasA|walls
box|shed|PartOf|house
corner|computer|HasA|wheels
bedroom|hospital|IsA|study room
conference|disneyland|IsA|place or location
supermarket|sink|HasProperty|edible
box|chocolate|IsA|event
room|attic|IsA|place to pray
answer|peanuts|HasA|to do with planets
container|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
desk|confession|UsedFor|praying
hospital|passageway|UsedFor|reading books
mind|war|PartOf|building
junk|garbage|IsA|place
excitement|happiness|IsA|emotion
sink|toilet|CapableOf|store small items
home|castle|CapableOf|move freely
field|dinner|IsA|physical tangible object
dust|house|MadeOf|food
seattle|street|IsA|popular attraction
apartment|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
anxiety|cut|CapableOf|fly
book|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
problems|controversy|HasProperty|typically positive
dream|problems|MadeOf|wood
synagogue|locker|UsedFor|religious services
windowsill|sunshine|HasProperty|hot
canada|picture|MadeOf|plastic
ground|bank|MadeOf|organic brown matter
wedding|convention|IsA|house where man live
anxiety|discovery|CapableOf|fly
michigan|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
marmoset|dictionary|IsA|animal or book
nature|cat|UsedFor|cooking food
rug|bathtub|UsedFor|decoration
apartment|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
windowsill|roof|PartOf|house
earth|church|UsedFor|buying food
castle|birds|PartOf|house 
sloth|cage|CapableOf|be read
garden|tropics|IsA|location
bridge|jar|IsA|man made
neighborhood|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
africa|ocean|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
nightmares|death|AtLocation|usually in a bed
park|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
warehouse|garden|UsedFor|storing stuffs
learning|enjoyment|IsA|something considered as positive
cabinet|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
montana|egypt|IsA|country
frisbee|air|PartOf|house
countryside|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
air|desert|IsA|part of nature
summer|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
glass|sink|IsA|object
town|suburbs|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
nostalgia|pain|HasProperty|linked to food
museum|bathroom|PartOf|building
tree|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
gate|hospital|HasA|airplanes
wilderness|outdoors|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
wilderness|countryside|IsA|place or location to visit
dirt|street|HasA|first letter c
office|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
summer|street|HasProperty|hot
desert|lake|IsA|natural thing
supermarket|silverware|HasProperty|edible
desert|forest|HasProperty|man made
morgue|death|MadeOf|flesh
hotel|supermarket|IsA|public building
school|homes|IsA|place
box|coffee|IsA|place
opera|theater|HasProperty|part of a human
groceries|basement|CapableOf|be moved around
drawer|table|CapableOf|store
hallway|room|IsA|car
stuff|michigan|IsA|furniture
building|town|IsA|country
louisiana|tennessee|IsA|us state
store|supermarket|IsA|food
trauma|controversy|PartOf|mental disorder
town|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
manual|internet|AtLocation|in a store
floor|garage|PartOf|house
kitchen|pot|CapableOf|storing food
cellar|basement|IsA|place to pray
trunk|car|HasProperty|easily movable
painting|rock|IsA|place you can live
fear|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
opera|supermarket|HasA|ticket box usually
onions|table|IsA|location or room
pantry|floor|IsA|furniture 
pantry|refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
floor|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
woods|sky|IsA|natural thing
canada|kentucky|PartOf|political geographical area
sky|bird|IsA|natural thing
michigan|stuff|IsA|furniture
happiness|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
desk|chair|IsA|necessity for education
cup|table|CapableOf|be consumed
building|mexico|IsA|country
movie|europe|UsedFor|learning
circus|ocean|IsA|religious card
park|greenhouse|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
meeting|restaurant|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
passageway|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
internet|information|HasProperty|a publication
drink|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
love|like|IsA|verb
driveway|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
ground|sky|AtLocation|at a home
basement|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
restaurant|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
cupboard|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
market|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
controversy|problems|HasProperty|typically positive
building|sun|CapableOf|move location
room|manual|PartOf|food and drink
dictionary|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
museum|apartment|IsA|type of building
bed|home|CapableOf|provide a service
trunk|dinner|HasProperty|removable
sewer|cabinet|IsA|room
restaurant|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
bar|beer|HasA|plug or power source
outdoors|windowsill|MadeOf|trees
theater|town|HasProperty|an event
bed|table|UsedFor|reading 
conference|apartment|IsA|place or location
house|dust|MadeOf|food
case|drawer|IsA|dish
desktop|garden|UsedFor|worship
outside|bathroom|IsA|in a home
table|cup|CapableOf|store things
listening|dancing|IsA|associated to a positive experience
garage|factory|CapableOf|be made with bricks
cabinet|pantry|MadeOf|wood
dishwasher|cup|AtLocation|inside a house
garbage|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
house|apartment|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
car|church|PartOf|house
newspaper|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
groceries|sink|AtLocation|in a kitchen
silverware|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
encyclopedia|safe|IsA|physical tangible object
bathroom|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
shed|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
outdoors|beach|IsA|nation
head|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
school|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
park|cleanliness|MadeOf|golden
home|doctor|IsA|physical item 
desert|park|IsA|vacation destination
backpack|container|UsedFor|writing
cupboard|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
desert|subdivision|IsA|residential area
refrigerator|portfolio|HasProperty|sold in stores
office|table|UsedFor|housing
asia|mountain|IsA|location
library|field|IsA|place for students
supermarket|groceries|HasA|roof
canada|switzerland|HasProperty|located in europe
bar|michigan|UsedFor|ordering a burger
restaurant|school|UsedFor|punishing people
park|ground|IsA|part of nature
opera|building|IsA|place or location
floor|basement|IsA|place or location
restaurant|river|IsA|place or location
bathroom|box|PartOf|natural landscape
pool|street|UsedFor|transportation
river|valley|HasA|water
suburbs|town|MadeOf|sand
outside|court|UsedFor|sport
refrigerator|market|IsA|type of food
cupboard|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
countryside|playground|IsA|country
tears|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
dishes|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
outside|bed|AtLocation|inside a house
pot|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
rug|furniture|IsA|building
house|temple|IsA|specific part of a structure
television|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
park|outdoors|IsA|place or location
store|trunk|HasProperty|an object
earth|supermarket|UsedFor|camping
office|desk|IsA|place of religion
roof|house|HasA|animal
sun|street|IsA|car
cheese|pizza|IsA|location or room
bridge|toilet|HasProperty|a building
city|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
room|ceiling|UsedFor|work
moon|commercial|IsA|animal or book
toilet|bar|HasProperty|a room
good|confusion|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
chair|bed|AtLocation|in home
bedroom|suburb|IsA|business that serves food
school|factory|HasProperty|visited by tourists
birds|airplane|PartOf|house 
wilderness|bridge|CapableOf|be walked on
teacher|container|IsA|school supply
park|rosebush|PartOf|house
minnesota|street|AtLocation|inside a house
building|elevator|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
ocean|street|UsedFor|eating or drinking
shelf|trunk|IsA|type of business
sink|books|IsA|furniture
pantry|container|UsedFor|storing things in
building|garage|UsedFor|storing stuffs
corner|windowsill|UsedFor|storage
grass|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
picture|wall|MadeOf|paper
train|entertainment|AtLocation|on a map
canada|park|HasA|properties of any kind
enjoyment|like|IsA|physical emotion
bedroom|computer|MadeOf|wood
rain|sun|IsA|car
container|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
shed|attic|IsA|place
closet|attic|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
mexico|colorado|AtLocation|labeled on a map
playground|pond|IsA|place you visit often
rug|corner|IsA|type /part of building
meeting|information|CapableOf|be held in your hand
playground|park|AtLocation|outside
disneyland|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
conference|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
countryside|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
electricity|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
anxiety|laughter|IsA|emotion
refrigerator|shelf|CapableOf|be found in a house
garbage|bed|AtLocation|in home
ground|street|AtLocation|outside
backpack|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
manual|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
porch|chair|UsedFor|work
canada|mountain|AtLocation|at a party
head|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
universe|movies|UsedFor|entertainment
sun|candle|IsA|car
enjoyment|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
container|cup|UsedFor|keeping things cool
concert|people|IsA|place or location
theater|classroom|IsA|location
trauma|crying|IsA|emotion
action|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
bathroom|wedding|HasProperty|alive
jar|bottle|MadeOf|wood
trees|canada|AtLocation|outside
closet|shelf|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
desktop|couch|UsedFor|work
church|change|CapableOf|keeping cash
desert|street|IsA|place
house|school|UsedFor|student
thinking|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
attic|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
dishes|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
embarrassment|suffering|IsA|reaction
dictionary|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
supermarket|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
toronto|junk|HasProperty|an animal
tent|town|IsA|social event
garden|factory|UsedFor|storing stuffs
utensils|floor|MadeOf|food
bedroom|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
bar|television|HasProperty|a room
apartment|church|HasA|usually have people inside
television|mouth|IsA|place
television|jar|IsA|place
school|lamp|UsedFor|reading books
church|auditorium|IsA|building
jar|purse|CapableOf|be held in your hands
school|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
carrots|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
sink|jar|MadeOf|organic material
kitchen|apartment|AtLocation|with water
pantry|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
table|carpet|UsedFor|sitting on
disneyland|cupboard|IsA|room
ground|street|AtLocation|at a home
park|outdoors|HasA|walls
remembering|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
cat|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
ground|garden|IsA|part of nature
apartment|stamps|UsedFor|storage
beach|cage|CapableOf|fly
office|pocket|IsA|piece of furniture
desktop|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
excitement|drinking|IsA|verb
butterflies|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
bathroom|supermarket|CapableOf|be moved around
microwave|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
bedroom|office|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
chair|table|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
bathroom|forest|IsA|living thing
neighborhood|roadway|IsA|state
table|books|IsA|necessity for education
water|attic|IsA|place to pray
shelf|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
cupboard|groceries|HasA|ceiling
television|office|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
drink|hole|CapableOf|be currently visited
animals|blood|HasA|exterior walls
books|library|IsA|thing you can touch
dictionary|lake|IsA|place
dust|television|AtLocation|inside
stream|sky|MadeOf|trees
happiness|punch|HasA|punish
trunk|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
locker|paper|IsA|place of learning
body|convention|IsA|part of a human
boat|apartment|MadeOf|wood
knowledge|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
countryside|kitchen|IsA|place or location to visit
film|drawer|IsA|something you eat off
air|tree|IsA|part of nature
forest|outdoors|IsA|1 syllable word
garden|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
battle|human|PartOf|man body
house|notebook|CapableOf|move
television|chocolate|IsA|public building
landfill|field|HasA|first letter b
pain|depression|IsA|emotion
market|cup|IsA|type of room in houses
ground|ficus|IsA|place people live
shelf|cabinet|HasProperty|furniture
building|storage|CapableOf|work
cabinet|case|MadeOf|wood
entertaining|dancing|IsA|emotion
cat|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
meeting|field|IsA|place for students
chair|monastery|IsA|place of religion
earth|tent|HasProperty|part of a human
tree|plants|UsedFor|throwing
table|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
store|city|IsA|country
pantry|refrigerators|HasProperty|used for meals
cabinet|store|UsedFor|writing
birds|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
table|food|IsA|  place
snow|moon|HasProperty|hot
floor|room|IsA|part of a house
punch|sweetness|UsedFor|punish
market|restaurant|IsA|food
house|hallway|HasA|usually have people inside
cupboard|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
desktop|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
forest|house|MadeOf|a natural material
sweetness|punishment|HasA|punish
roof|classroom|CapableOf|move location
desk|porch|UsedFor|serving food
wallet|dishwasher|IsA|dish
bathroom|basement|IsA|building
sky|floor|IsA|item of furniture
choir|silence|HasA|sound
thinking|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
case|stamps|UsedFor|eating
boat|window|UsedFor|reading
opera|town|IsA|planet
closet|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
australia|california|IsA|proper noun
instruction|nightmares|IsA|emotion
box|families|IsA|public building
television|office|AtLocation|inside a home
ceiling|street|IsA|car
opera|church|HasProperty|part of a human
confession|circus|UsedFor|praying
leaves|roof|IsA|natural product or man made
forest|street|IsA|brand
desktop|table|AtLocation|in  a residence
mind|germany|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
problems|nightmares|IsA|emotion
ball|bearing|HasA|first letter b
street|field|HasA|first letter b
outside|bedroom|IsA|part of a house
stadium|library|MadeOf|bricks
cellar|house|IsA|room (type)
people|skin|HasProperty|an event
home|magazines|CapableOf|store
ballpark|box|HasA|to do with planets
ground|countryside|HasProperty|man made
indiana|rosebush|MadeOf|fiber
temple|airplane|IsA|place to sleep
disneyland|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
drawer|garbage|IsA|store items
toronto|bed|HasProperty|an animal
restaurant|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
battlefield|animals|HasA|exterior walls
concert|theater|UsedFor|live performances
book|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
allergies|arguments|MadeOf|pause
countryside|china|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
pen|notebook|IsA|school supply
sewer|container|UsedFor|cooking
office|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
opera|theater|IsA|house where man live
montana|egypt|UsedFor|digging 
freeway|countryside|IsA|proper noun
concert|confession|HasA|ticket box usually
switzerland|park|AtLocation|at a party
depression|hunger|MadeOf|wood
food|oven|CapableOf|store things
injury|fear|IsA|emotion
computer|television|IsA|study room
chair|bed|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
school|house|CapableOf|have a street address
field|thinking|IsA|place for students
city|newspaper|IsA|residential area
garbage|bed|HasProperty|an animal
ceiling|sun|IsA|car
bathroom|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
television|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
dream|remembering|MadeOf|wood
apartment|table|IsA|furniture 
school|homes|UsedFor|free
dishwasher|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
store|pantry|IsA|location
concert|music|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
cabinet|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
floor|dinner|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
commercial|universe|CapableOf|be read
stomach|field|HasProperty|made of wood
drawer|film|IsA|form of entertainment
snore|garage|HasProperty|an animal
cupboard|refrigerator|IsA|place to make food
disneyland|drawer|UsedFor|storage
sink|pantry|IsA|furniture
pantry|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
snore|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
mexico|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
junk|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
antarctica|switzerland|UsedFor|food
disneyland|weather|AtLocation|at america
england|california|IsA|place
chair|pocket|IsA|necessity for education
floor|shelf|UsedFor|keeping things inside
museum|school|UsedFor|education
ocean|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
case|stamps|IsA|1 syllable word
bathroom|field|IsA|location
bus|yard|AtLocation|in your company
motion|movement|HasProperty|tiring
table|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
clothes|car|IsA|made of wood
circus|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
desktop|work|MadeOf|paper
desktop|house|IsA|ground where child play
office|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
sun|president|HasA|movie
theater|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
freeway|florida|CapableOf|be read
toronto|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
shelf|sink|MadeOf|metal
sweat|effort|HasProperty|about  clashes
corner|windowsill|HasProperty|part of a building
smiles|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
park|sunbathers|HasProperty|hot
thinking|television|HasProperty|a meal
cabinet|apartment|HasProperty|a room
shelf|trunk|MadeOf|wood
jar|pantry|IsA|  place
garage|bed|HasProperty|a household item
cow|switzerland|MadeOf|country
museum|roof|IsA|place to store items
floor|magazines|IsA|room or building
sink|cupboard|HasProperty|furniture
listening|learning|IsA|emotion
weather|snow|IsA|brand
wilderness|suburbs|IsA|place
bathroom|windowsill|PartOf|house
car|clothes|UsedFor|to keep items
hospital|party|IsA|ground where child play
basement|house|HasProperty|found below ground level
bearing|field|UsedFor|playing
garage|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
table|lamp|UsedFor|work
lamp|passageway|UsedFor|a holiday
market|library|HasProperty|able to be entered
city|town|IsA|rural region
state|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
telephone|desktop|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
families|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
house|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
corner|office|IsA|ground where child play
kitchen|hallway|HasProperty|a room
moon|air|HasProperty|white
depression|knowing|IsA|emotion
briefcase|backpack|UsedFor|carrying things
australia|heaven|MadeOf|paper
drawer|snore|IsA|store items
car|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
dinner|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
battle|band|PartOf|man body
closet|cup|UsedFor|indoor activities
home|jail|UsedFor|cooling
bottle|beer|HasA|plug or power source
table|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
state|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
library|knowledge|IsA|part media
attic|windowsill|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
product|shelf|IsA|place
mountain|bathroom|IsA|living thing
restaurant|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
bedroom|telephone|AtLocation|inside someone's home
air|plants|IsA|location
commercial|universe|CapableOf|be currently visited
egypt|desert|UsedFor|digging 
television|box|IsA|object
apartment|house|HasProperty|a place where people sing
bar|machine|UsedFor|storing things inside
sink|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
vase|chair|CapableOf|be held with one hand
hallway|work|AtLocation|on a map
church|apartment|HasProperty|a place where people sing
roadway|city|MadeOf|sand
clothing|throne|IsA|place people can meet
building|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
candy|supermarket|IsA|event
detroit|airport|UsedFor|travel
garbage|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
town|skin|IsA|house where man live
america|arkansas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
knowledge|pleasure|MadeOf|wood
cottage|train|HasProperty|in a cold climate
forest|ground|IsA|living/once living
concert|opera|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
apartment|cinema|IsA|location
opera|couch|UsedFor|work
sink|jar|MadeOf|wood
bedroom|backyard|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
refrigerator|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
people|church|HasProperty|an event
garden|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
shelf|store|HasProperty|an object
hospital|bathroom|IsA|business
coffee|trash|IsA|place
food|glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
atlas|cabinet|HasA|walls
town|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
bar|restaurant|IsA|country
building|trees|AtLocation|outside
office|auditorium|IsA|n item of furniture
speaker|demonstration|MadeOf|a natural material
countryside|suburb|IsA|place where you can live
doorway|school|UsedFor|travel
microwave|speaker|CapableOf|plug into the wall
room|candle|IsA|car
wallet|microwave|IsA|form of entertainment
sleep|snore|HasProperty|an animal
attic|ocean|UsedFor|serving food
skin|town|IsA|part of a human
container|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
kitchen|refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
garage|building|CapableOf|work
castle|airport|PartOf|house 
closet|television|AtLocation|indoors
town|city|HasA|buildings in it
books|meeting|PartOf|publication
trauma|controversy|IsA|something a baby could have
knowledge|university|UsedFor|learning
cupboard|cellar|CapableOf|be opened/closed
barn|building|UsedFor|travel
joy|relaxation|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
bar|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
bedroom|lamp|IsA|n electronic device
buildings|theater|HasProperty|alive
alabama|california|IsA|state in uk
restaurant|house|IsA|place of learning
warehouse|garden|MadeOf|water
room|closet|IsA|building
nest|countryside|IsA|living thing
trees|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
arboretum|apartment|UsedFor|storing food
outdoors|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
town|apartment|IsA|location
pride|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
map|locker|CapableOf|be worn
waterfall|pond|HasA|3 letters
clothes|house|IsA|made of wood
sleeping|sweat|PartOf|human body
ocean|jar|PartOf|the galaxy
pen|office|UsedFor|writing
newspaper|magazines|UsedFor|reading 
india|beaver|CapableOf|be read
ground|garbage|HasProperty|known as dirty
refrigerator|table|AtLocation|in a house
dinner|stuff|UsedFor|eating
desert|windowsill|HasProperty|hot
class|confusion|IsA|action
beach|garden|IsA|place people work and live
city|town|UsedFor|transportation
ocean|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
jar|bottle|AtLocation|in a kitchen
countryside|sky|IsA|part of nature
drugstore|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
ground|corner|IsA|place you can go
auditorium|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
apartment|kitchen|IsA|room in a property
mexico|building|IsA|place to grow plants
junk|drawer|IsA|store items
dictionary|books|CapableOf|be read
field|oven|HasProperty|made of wood
playground|trash|HasA|first letter b
human|drugs|CapableOf|promote health
arguments|boredom|MadeOf|pause
cabinet|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
candle|basement|IsA|car
salad|carrots|IsA|food
desk|ceiling|IsA|home appliance
school|table|IsA|pencil
sailboat|kitchen|HasProperty|a type of building
garage|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
kitchens|bar|MadeOf|metal
beach|cage|IsA|living thing
television|manual|HasProperty|singular
learning|entertaining|MadeOf|the human body
table|stomach|MadeOf|metal
fear|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
office|classroom|IsA|pencil
concert|opera|UsedFor|work
motel|hospital|IsA|study room
university|club|AtLocation|in a building
sloth|lake|IsA|place
control|city|IsA|concept or place
anxiety|action|CapableOf|tell stories
bottle|jar|AtLocation|in a kitchen
desktop|work|AtLocation|library
clothing|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
laughter|love|IsA|emotion
god|office|UsedFor|praying
lamp|candle|IsA|car
shelf|kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
garden|plants|AtLocation|outside
room|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
wedding|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
apartment|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
books|library|MadeOf|technology
kitchens|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
hallway|candle|IsA|car
universe|sloth|IsA|place
musical|people|HasA|ticket box usually
war|bathroom|CapableOf|be performed
shelf|sink|HasA|door
entertainment|train|IsA|tourist destination
ficus|refrigerator|HasProperty|a state in the usa
ocean|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
classroom|kitchen|IsA|room
laughter|enjoyment|IsA|activity
house|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
embarrassment|controversy|IsA|something a baby could have
shock|remembering|PartOf|mental disorder
building|assessment|CapableOf|be attended
pennsylvania|canada|AtLocation|in north america
church|homes|UsedFor|a gathering of people
countryside|building|IsA|country
silence|choir|IsA|electronic device
sadness|problems|HasProperty|linked to food
bathroom|field|CapableOf|be sweet
prison|forest|IsA|proper noun
desk|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
building|factory|UsedFor|storing stuffs
table|disneyland|IsA|dish
basement|attic|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|office|IsA|ground where child play
heaven|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
subdivision|town|IsA|state
house|hole|IsA|animal or book
sink|toilet|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
mouse|toilet|IsA|furniture
theater|church|UsedFor|living
store|cage|IsA|place where you can stand
problems|dream|IsA|emotion
clothing|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
carnival|synagogue|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
army|government|IsA|organization 
freeway|maze|IsA|public place
anxiety|performing|CapableOf|fly
garage|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
plate|stamps|IsA|something found in a household
pantry|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
action|thinking|UsedFor|driving
bedroom|desk|AtLocation|inside someone's home
desktop|cabinet|CapableOf|be found in a house
communication|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
home|office|HasProperty|able to be entered
synagogue|paper|UsedFor|reading
cabinet|table|IsA|furniture 
valley|mexico|UsedFor|driving on or over
bathtub|apartment|MadeOf|wood
cave|love|HasA|airplanes
garden|europe|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
wallet|church|UsedFor|living
germany|mind|PartOf|building
shop|house|HasProperty|1 syllable
bed|furniture|HasProperty|found in a house
table|apartment|IsA|dish
can|groceries|HasA|plug or power source
desk|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
safe|library|IsA|physical tangible object
cow|stable|IsA|animal
food|refrigerators|IsA|  place
crying|suffering|UsedFor|manifesting joy
oven|desktop|HasProperty|edible
briefcase|backpack|UsedFor|writing
park|garden|HasA|head
hallway|water|HasProperty|white
classroom|bathroom|UsedFor|car repair
nebraska|city|AtLocation|inside a house
class|confusion|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
synagogue|garage|HasA|exterior walls
school|house|IsA|pencil
crying|remembering|MadeOf|wood
grape|salad|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
box|party|UsedFor|storage
sewer|mouse|IsA|room (type)
florida|america|IsA|proper noun
bathroom|wall|HasA|airplanes
refrigerator|party|IsA|product that people buy
dishwasher|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
sink|pool|IsA|physical item 
sleep|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
garden|house|MadeOf|wood
garden|outdoors|HasA|walls
sky|basement|UsedFor|work
canada|indiana|UsedFor|work
drugstore|temple|AtLocation|in your room
chair|table|UsedFor|sitting on
television|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
encyclopedia|captivity|IsA|location
imagination|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
shock|trauma|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
fatigue|happiness|IsA|emotion
street|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
garage|storage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
container|refrigerators|HasA|empty space in it
movies|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
dust|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
lawn|library|IsA|something kept a home
trunk|store|HasProperty|removable
food|movies|IsA|public building
bathroom|concert|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
garage|medium|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
passageway|building|UsedFor|reading books
playground|backyard|IsA|nature-related
park|box|UsedFor|eating
airport|kitchen|IsA|type /part of building
church|movie|AtLocation|in a building
garden|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a home
smiles|enjoyment|UsedFor|hobbies
refrigerator|car|IsA|product that people buy
food|lightning|IsA|emotion
attic|snore|AtLocation|in home
canada|rosebush|UsedFor|work
house|city|MadeOf|sand
field|bowl|IsA|food
demonstration|computer|IsA|location
wedding|conference|HasProperty|a gathering place
work|table|CapableOf|show you time
motion|exercising|HasProperty|usually fast
outside|corner|IsA|room
internet|library|CapableOf|be alive
garage|greenhouse|IsA|building
subdivision|house|CapableOf|be parked on
buildings|mansion|UsedFor|living inside of
bar|hallway|UsedFor|urination
demonstration|shelf|HasProperty|used at meal time
garden|bank|HasA|feet to stand 
bathroom|mountains|IsA|living/once living
stable|ranch|IsA|animal
desktop|cupboard|AtLocation|inside an office
office|library|UsedFor|borrowing books
contemplating|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
california|arboretum|HasProperty|a state in the usa
classroom|library|CapableOf|be worn
city|michigan|AtLocation|on a map
bed|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
backpack|dinner|MadeOf|wood
case|box|MadeOf|plastic
countryside|driveway|MadeOf|sand
arkansas|oklahoma|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
convention|tent|IsA|part of a human
outdoors|forest|AtLocation|outside
windowsill|corner|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
encyclopedia|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
lightning|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
container|cabinet|CapableOf|be eaten
wings|detroit|CapableOf|fly
bedroom|place|HasA|legs
aquarium|river|CapableOf|be walked on
plate|refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
pantry|cup|IsA|  place
opera|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
desk|porch|AtLocation|as part of a house
floor|junk|IsA|place
hospital|office|UsedFor|reading books
maine|utah|PartOf|the south
bowl|table|AtLocation|in a home
library|jail|IsA|room or building
playground|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
container|mouse|IsA|room
box|fun|IsA|place to pray
town|suburb|IsA|rural region
weather|street|IsA|brand
table|movie|IsA|dish
garage|closet|CapableOf|be used for storage
suburbs|city|IsA|state
wilderness|florida|CapableOf|be read
trunk|chair|PartOf|house
hotel|store|IsA|place to live
cat|nature|UsedFor|cooking food
summer|windowsill|IsA|person
fox|alabama|HasA|even number of letter
desktop|table|IsA|place to store items
auditorium|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
desk|drawer|MadeOf|plastic
cabinet|soup|IsA|location
apartment|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
argument|injuries|HasProperty|about  clashes
doctor|factory|IsA|nation symbol
god|church|IsA|religious card
clothing|clothes|IsA|made of wood
office|apartment|IsA|pencil
closet|trash|IsA|room in a home
neighborhood|suburb|HasA|buildings in it
beer|bar|IsA|type of business
airplane|kitchen|IsA|place to sleep
speaker|person|CapableOf|make a sound
apartment|skin|IsA|part of a human
playground|town|IsA|place to grow plants
moon|snow|IsA|vacation destination
party|auditorium|HasA|usually have people inside
briefcase|pocket|UsedFor|storage
container|cabinet|IsA|room
roof|trees|IsA|natural or man made
class|meeting|PartOf|human mind
restaurant|shelf|HasProperty|edible
book|manual|IsA|place
candy|television|IsA|event
drawer|plate|IsA|1 syllable word
knowledge|money|IsA|negative thing
restaurant|hospital|IsA|building
homes|bathroom|UsedFor|travel
desk|table|IsA|piece of furniture
cupboard|trash|IsA|building
roof|box|CapableOf|fly
dust|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
discovery|cut|CapableOf|cause pain
newspaper|street|MadeOf|sand
ocean|restaurant|AtLocation|as part of a house
disneyland|conference|HasA|ticket box usually
bridge|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
snore|trouble|IsA|place
toilet|restaurant|IsA|furniture
food|contemplating|IsA|colorful
school|homes|AtLocation|indoors
sunshine|countryside|IsA|animal or book
roof|shelf|UsedFor|storage
shelf|bedroom|AtLocation|indoors
museum|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
office|shop|IsA|building
michigan|bathroom|HasProperty|man-made
kitchen|moon|IsA|animal or book
disneyland|stomach|IsA|  place
frogs|library|AtLocation|in your home
home|drawer|UsedFor|reading
library|window|MadeOf|wood
mouth|demonstration|UsedFor|announcing something
cupboard|floor|IsA|furniture 
class|movie|AtLocation|in a building
trees|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
cat|furniture|IsA|place
building|playground|UsedFor|swimming
canada|rosebush|IsA|outdoor location
dishwasher|microwave|IsA|form of entertainment
sadness|frustration|IsA|feeling
clothing|home|UsedFor|reading
store|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
soup|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
wedding|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
bedroom|persia|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
roof|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
pride|injury|IsA|negative emotion
bar|love|IsA|state in usa
loft|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
pizza|plate|IsA|location or room
meeting|safe|IsA|place to study
disneyland|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
car|refrigerator|CapableOf|be entered
funeral|auditorium|CapableOf|have people physically in it
suburb|yard|HasProperty|a location
rug|home|IsA|garden
happiness|lightning|IsA|colorful
butterflies|pride|IsA|emotion
boat|wedding|HasProperty|furniture in a house
street|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
basement|closet|UsedFor|storage
clothes|closet|IsA|made of wood
city|town|HasProperty|a location
peanuts|plane|IsA|music related event
meeting|inside|UsedFor|happiness
silence|concert|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
suburb|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
pond|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
shelf|door|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
house|television|IsA|study room
michigan|restaurant|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
condiments|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
bar|human|IsA|state in usa
discomfort|inspiration|IsA|emotion
homes|church|IsA|country
god|auditorium|IsA|mental place
garage|apartment|UsedFor|storing things inside
cabinet|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
people|skin|IsA|place
house|basement|HasA|door
restaurant|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
newspaper|library|HasA|screen
airplane|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
pantry|cupboard|CapableOf|be found in a house
arctic|desert|IsA|type of land
england|ocean|AtLocation|on a map
kitchen|apartment|UsedFor|car repair
thinking|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
museum|synagogue|IsA|building
creek|cage|MadeOf|trees
store|dinner|IsA|made of wood
fear|food|IsA|colorful
notes|notebook|CapableOf|move
road|bridge|CapableOf|be drived on with car
listening|dancing|IsA|activity
action|street|CapableOf|keeping cash
room|balloon|IsA|product that people buy
porch|jail|CapableOf|store
woods|cage|MadeOf|trees
park|shoes|AtLocation|inside a house
conference|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
lemur|bank|MadeOf|paper
carpet|windowsill|HasProperty|found inside a house
computer|house|IsA|pencil
field|hole|AtLocation|in home
agreement|love|IsA|reaction
window|shelf|IsA|furniture 
speaker|assessment|PartOf|body
cup|refrigerators|HasProperty|used for meals
crying|instruction|IsA|emotion
table|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
hotel|candy|IsA|event
junk|television|HasProperty|a household item
argument|competing|HasProperty|about  clashes
cabinet|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
information|meeting|IsA|part media
locker|office|CapableOf|be used for travel
ceiling|loft|IsA|specific part of a structure
fear|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
conference|supermarket|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
bathroom|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
fear|action|CapableOf|tell stories
map|paper|IsA|building
kitchen|food|CapableOf|be found in a house
air|room|IsA|car
dictionary|desktop|UsedFor|viewing/reading
car|sink|IsA|physical item 
plants|greenhouse|UsedFor|children to play
roadway|suburb|MadeOf|sand
kitchen|apartment|IsA|ceremony
house|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
basement|garage|CapableOf|be used for storage
air|store|IsA|animal
lamp|television|IsA|study room
countryside|forest|HasProperty|man made
village|yard|IsA|country or state
bathtub|stairs|CapableOf|sleep on it
library|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
glass|desktop|HasProperty|made of wood
park|plants|AtLocation|outside
field|television|HasProperty|a meal
shelf|refrigerators|CapableOf|cook
bowl|table|IsA|something found in a household
movies|chocolate|IsA|event
tears|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
desert|sunbathers|HasProperty|hot
lasagna|ground|IsA|place
inspiration|discomfort|IsA|n emotion
house|home|CapableOf|move location
sink|glass|HasProperty|made of wood
sun|corporation|IsA|book
box|ocean|IsA|living thing
yard|backyard|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
basement|street|IsA|place to pray
classroom|conference|HasProperty|alive
food|oven|HasProperty|used for meals
greenhouse|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
speaker|television|AtLocation|in a kitchen
supermarket|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
people|skin|IsA|part of a human
carnival|concert|UsedFor|flying
opera|skin|HasProperty|an event
park|outdoors|CapableOf|be part of a house
box|desk|UsedFor|storage
floor|clothing|IsA|physical item 
factory|human|PartOf|man body
cupboard|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
church|store|CapableOf|keeping cash
village|bus|IsA|country or state
auditorium|room|HasProperty|a place where people sing
bay|sea|IsA|somewhere animals swim
skin|body|UsedFor|buying food
oven|jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
hotel|hospital|IsA|building
home|cabinet|CapableOf|be moved around
desk|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
dinner|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
lamp|desk|AtLocation|inside someone's home
anger|working|IsA|negative emotion
sun|nature|UsedFor|work
roof|garden|PartOf|glass
market|field|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
assessment|demonstration|CapableOf|make a sound
garden|countryside|CapableOf|be part of a house
desktop|computer|UsedFor|worship
room|church|HasA|usually have people inside
car|bar|CapableOf|be entered
desktop|paper|IsA|building
performing|fear|IsA|colorful
corporation|sun|IsA|book
jar|backpack|UsedFor|carrying things
town|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
exhaustion|arguments|MadeOf|golden
loft|roof|AtLocation|in your room
jar|pocket|IsA|place where students learn
trash|desk|UsedFor|eating
sea|desktop|HasProperty|hot
bathtub|wall|UsedFor|reading
head|class|IsA|place to study
suburbs|newspaper|IsA|state
bathroom|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
cup|onions|IsA|location or room
suburbs|suburb|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
cabinet|teacher|IsA|school supply
opera|apartment|IsA|location
motel|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
clothes|house|IsA|1 syllable word
film|dishwasher|IsA|something found in a household
carrots|potatoes|IsA|orange colour
party|desktop|IsA|place
house|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
passageway|ocean|UsedFor|reading books
bathroom|mansion|IsA|location
windowsill|table|IsA|room
toilet|porch|IsA|building
room|house|AtLocation|at a home
injury|food|CapableOf|cause pain
television|book|CapableOf|be held in your hand
clothing|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
paper|backpack|IsA|building
magazines|table|CapableOf|store
closet|clouds|IsA|place in a house
corporation|country|IsA|book
refrigerator|dinner|IsA|product that people buy
countryside|ground|IsA|part of nature
boxes|container|IsA|room in a building
outside|shoes|AtLocation|inside a house
shelf|encyclopedia|CapableOf|contain multiple people
mouse|kitchen|AtLocation|inside a house
case|dishwasher|IsA|something found in a household
closet|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
idaho|movies|IsA|drink
closet|box|UsedFor|indoor activities
dream|crying|IsA|emotion
anxiety|cut|IsA|negative emotion
desert|forest|IsA|geographic location
suburbs|neighborhood|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
television|restaurant|UsedFor|storing things inside
seaside|freeway|IsA|man-made thing
roof|antarctica|IsA|room
boxes|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
trash|apartment|IsA|furniture
bar|party|CapableOf|be entered
box|dishwasher|UsedFor|indoor activities
church|synagogue|IsA|mental place
car|jail|PartOf|food and drink
inspiration|instruction|HasProperty|a physical item
workplace|mexico|IsA|place
car|drawer|UsedFor|storage
detroit|homes|CapableOf|move freely
jar|park|UsedFor|eating
garage|attic|PartOf|house
room|store|IsA|building
notebook|map|CapableOf|be worn
country|bridge|CapableOf|be walked on
locker|pocket|IsA|place of learning
instruction|trauma|IsA|emotion
discovery|cut|IsA|negative emotion
boat|apartment|IsA|ceremony
toronto|attic|HasProperty|an animal
cage|australia|UsedFor|food
ground|carpet|AtLocation|on the floor
box|jar|UsedFor|containing objects
boat|soup|IsA|physical item 
desktop|microwave|CapableOf|employ people
groceries|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
fish|wilderness|HasA|water
dance|carnival|PartOf|building
town|city|HasProperty|a location
utensils|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
detroit|birds|UsedFor|eating
lemur|encyclopedia|IsA|animal or book
ocean|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
desert|sky|HasProperty|man made
talk|pride|IsA|mental state
fun|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
suburb|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
locker|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
corner|door|UsedFor|storage
tears|sweetness|IsA|noun
dinner|dust|HasProperty|an object
groceries|beer|HasA|plug or power source
pond|ocean|HasA|earth
town|montana|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
encyclopedia|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
street|roadway|MadeOf|sand
container|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
pantry|beer|IsA|type of business
country|garden|UsedFor|worship
office|house|IsA|pencil
opera|buildings|UsedFor| gathering together
canada|park|AtLocation|at a party
cabinet|book|IsA|building
sun|park|IsA|vacation destination
university|battle|UsedFor|recreation activity
coats|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
meeting|field|IsA|part media
head|information|IsA|place to study
basement|loft|IsA|room in a home
movie|cabinet|IsA|dish
wall|desktop|MadeOf|paper
cinema|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
suburbs|yard|IsA|state
washington|minnesota|IsA|object
shop|bathroom|CapableOf|cook
building|house|CapableOf|have a street address
suburbs|neighborhood|HasA|buildings in it
earth|apartment|IsA|event
computer|city|AtLocation|on a map
food|home|IsA|type of room
cabinet|basement|CapableOf|be moved around
stretch|effort|CapableOf|cause injury
home|teapot|UsedFor|storing food
bed|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
body|conference|IsA|place
jar|oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
pond|yard|IsA|nation
condiments|plate|IsA|  place
office|conference|IsA|religious card
floor|dust|UsedFor|storage
garbage|garage|HasProperty|a household item
performing|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
agreement|communication|IsA|emotion
shelf|market|UsedFor|storing items
container|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
library|class|HasProperty|related to studying
tent|town|IsA|planet
food|anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
garbage|television|HasProperty|a household item
supermarket|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
locker|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
yard|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
apartment|kitchen|HasProperty|a public place
picture|outside|IsA|place
potatoes|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
mouse|cupboard|CapableOf|be used with a computer
jar|purse|CapableOf|hold objects
floor|porch|UsedFor|reading
ocean|bridge|PartOf|kitchen
computer|desktop|MadeOf|wood
cupboard|mouse|IsA|place to make food
cabinet|desktop|IsA|place to store items
landfill|trash|HasA|first letter b
rug|backyard|PartOf|house
clothing|house|MadeOf|food
cupboard|den|CapableOf|be moved around
garage|restaurant|IsA|room
relaxation|pride|IsA|action
restaurant|bar|IsA|business that serves food
bedroom|house|UsedFor|cooking
bed|inside|IsA|place or location
drinking|laughter|IsA|verb
factory|warehouse|AtLocation|in united states
museum|wall|UsedFor|storage
shelf|desktop|IsA|place to store items
opera|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
coats|store|IsA|place to live
film|case|UsedFor|storage
electricity|program|MadeOf|wood
dust|store|IsA|1 syllable word
bathroom|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
refrigerator|ground|IsA|looks like house
car|chicken|IsA|physical item 
college|garden|CapableOf|have people  inside
house|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
carpet|dust|IsA|place you can go
sweat|enemies|HasA|physical element
street|church|IsA|place you can visit
drawer|dishwasher|IsA|something you eat off
floor|roof|UsedFor|decoration
bathroom|church|HasA|a bath
container|bar|IsA|piece of furniture
battle|workplace|IsA|person
school|hospital|CapableOf|have a street address
disneyland|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
sink|pool|CapableOf|be used as transport 
porch|universe|AtLocation|as part of a house
wedding|train|UsedFor|over night stays 
dust|shelf|MadeOf|wood
teapot|california|AtLocation|in the united states
mexico|town|IsA|place you visit often
pizza|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
bedroom|office|HasProperty|a public place
trouble|television|HasProperty|a household item
table|windowsill|UsedFor|holding things
newspaper|shop|CapableOf|store
car|rug|AtLocation|on the map
manual|dinner|IsA|product that people buy
potatoes|soup|IsA|sweet or savory
like|excitement|HasProperty|an emotion
home|corner|HasProperty|a public place
bathroom|yard|HasProperty|part of your  house
crying|trauma|IsA|negative thing
drawer|papers|AtLocation|home
forest|beaver|CapableOf|be read
homes|factory|IsA|place
rug|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
basement|house|IsA|room (type)
pride|food|CapableOf|cause pain
television|office|IsA|ground where child play
garage|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
restaurant|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
trash|restaurant|IsA|furniture
store|shelf|HasProperty|removable
house|room|CapableOf|be entered
drawer|cupboard|HasProperty|an object
attic|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
building|garage|IsA|sound
cabinet|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
information|manual|HasA|letter e in it
auditorium|heaven|IsA|place of religion
bathroom|apartment|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
sink|house|MadeOf|organic material
kitchen|office|HasProperty|a public place
notebook|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
conference|church|IsA|part of a human
school|house|IsA|type of building
churchyard|office|IsA|country or state
park|party|IsA|building
garden|park|UsedFor|children to play
shed|box|IsA|place to pray
store|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
suburb|newspaper|IsA|state
tree|ground|HasProperty|man made
town|church|HasProperty|an event
woods|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
map|cabinet|IsA|building
television|internet|MadeOf|meet
dust|clouds|UsedFor|storage
imagination|montana|IsA|n item of furniture
outside|garage|IsA|place to store items
container|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
factory|attic|CapableOf|work
apartment|buildings|UsedFor| gathering together
rain|street|HasProperty|associated with the environment
house|supermarket|CapableOf|be moved around
internet|books|CapableOf|be held in your hand
cleanliness|boredom|MadeOf|pause
sloth|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
enjoyment|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
dust|shelf|UsedFor|keeping things inside
window|furniture|UsedFor|reading
cupboard|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
voice|mouth|AtLocation|on/in the human body
container|peanuts|UsedFor|drinking 
office|bathroom|AtLocation|in a house
trunk|container|IsA|place for entertainment
conference|supermarket|IsA|location
bathroom|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
pencils|notebook|UsedFor|writing
carrots|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
driveway|city|MadeOf|sand
sink|toilet|HasProperty|a building
hotel|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
refrigerator|can|HasProperty|a beverage
stomach|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
montana|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
cave|connection|IsA|business
cupboard|table|HasA|edible items for sale
ocean|church|IsA|building
street|closet|IsA|place to pray
casino|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
bag|store|UsedFor|storing physical things
town|garden|IsA|place people work and live
window|apartment|IsA|furniture 
garden|bathroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
town|opera|UsedFor| gathering together
clothes|clothing|UsedFor|storage
cabinet|cupboard|IsA|piece of furniture
skin|wedding|IsA|part of a human
trash|utensils|CapableOf|be held in your hands
cupboard|box|MadeOf|wood
cleanliness|park|MadeOf|nature
countryside|ground|HasProperty|man made
dishwasher|closet|AtLocation|on the map
hospital|wall|HasA|airplanes
opera|wedding|HasProperty|a gathering place
pride|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
closet|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
ceiling|book|AtLocation|library
food|refrigerators|CapableOf|cook
computer|television|AtLocation|in office blocks
corner|bedroom|IsA|room
closet|outside|AtLocation|on the map
funeral|furniture|MadeOf|wood
snore|floor|IsA|store items
field|information|IsA|place for students
table|trunk|MadeOf|wood
shelf|outside|IsA|place to store items
performing|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
market|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
teacher|cabinet|UsedFor|carrying things
lamp|desktop|UsedFor|work
encyclopedia|class|HasProperty|related to studying
performing|discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
butterflies|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
table|house|IsA|pencil
house|apartment|AtLocation|with water
kitchen|classroom|IsA|room
yard|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
prison|seaside|IsA|man-made thing
field|head|UsedFor|studying
bedroom|library|IsA|building
box|trash|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
chicken|soup|UsedFor|eating or drinking
floor|backpack|MadeOf|food
town|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
desert|tropics|IsA|location
countryside|cottage|IsA|place you can live
plants|frisbee|UsedFor|throwing
desert|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
bar|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
discovery|performing|CapableOf|fly
pantry|kitchen|AtLocation|indoors
yard|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere to go
enjoyment|dancing|IsA|activity
austria|canada|MadeOf|rocks
building|barn|IsA|sound
suburb|town|IsA|rural region
water|basement|AtLocation|within a building's structure
sky|ground|AtLocation|at a home
television|food|IsA|public building
cabinet|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
person|good|PartOf|building
floor|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
forest|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
classroom|library|HasA|walls
inside|meeting|IsA|object
field|university|IsA|place for students
rain|water|IsA|car
backyard|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
countryside|air|IsA|part of nature
humiliation|enjoyment|IsA|emotion
minnesota|state|IsA|building
lightning|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
auditorium|crowd|CapableOf|have people physically in it
carpet|dust|AtLocation|in the sky
park|house|PartOf|glass
imagination|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
yard|woods|HasProperty|somewhere to go
school|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
desert|tree|HasProperty|man made
mountains|trees|IsA|place
god|monastery|IsA|mental place
house|school|HasA|pool
door|bathtub|HasProperty|found in a house
program|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
oven|plate|HasA|store edible items
drawer|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
communication|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
church|house|IsA|building
jail|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
church|college|IsA|object that can be held
town|circus|IsA|place or location
dance|music|PartOf|building
animals|person|HasA|exterior walls
street|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
action|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
bedroom|apartment|IsA|room
universe|school|HasProperty|in or is a building
basement|bathroom|HasProperty|a place where people sing
internet|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
locker|desktop|UsedFor|reading
toilet|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
school|library|UsedFor|a holiday
desk|carpet|IsA|type of room
country|government|CapableOf|make you do something
kitchen|glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
carnival|pot|UsedFor|drinking 
shelf|books|IsA|furniture 
alcohol|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
inside|meeting|UsedFor|happiness
homes|library|UsedFor|children to study
anxiety|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
restaurant|container|IsA|place for entertainment
book|meeting|HasA|screen
jail|house|UsedFor|sleeping
desk|universe|UsedFor|serving food
chair|ocean|MadeOf|energy
bedroom|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
universe|jar|PartOf|wood
ceiling|temple|IsA|place to sleep
driveway|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
cabinet|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
chicken|glass|IsA|physical item 
universe|beach|MadeOf|wood
cupboard|boxes|IsA|room (type)
shop|jail|IsA|physical item 
fly|sink|UsedFor|transportation
electricity|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
salad|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
information|television|UsedFor|news
driveway|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
classroom|library|UsedFor|religious services
notebook|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
wedding|town|UsedFor|buying food
loft|ceiling|IsA|place to sleep
temple|home|IsA|specific part of a structure
canada|government|IsA|place
bar|party|IsA|device used for working
beach|park|IsA|country
garage|floor|IsA|place
condiments|table|HasA|store edible items
montana|opera|IsA|place
dust|windowsill|HasProperty|used for storage
mexico|church|IsA|place
backyard|park|IsA|outdoor area
groceries|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
buildings|opera|UsedFor| gathering together
funeral|classroom|MadeOf|wood
cabinet|basement|HasProperty|found below ground level
rain|forest|PartOf|city
suburb|roadway|HasProperty|a location
gate|wall|IsA|public place
utensils|table|IsA|1 syllable word
beaver|canada|UsedFor|driving 
park|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
container|cellar|HasProperty|found below ground level
bathroom|heaven|UsedFor|travel
bathroom|staircase|IsA|type of building
hotel|jail|CapableOf|hold people against their will
notebook|paper|IsA|building
library|apartment|IsA|location
motion|exercise|HasProperty|usually fast
map|office|IsA|place of learning
remembering|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
outside|mountain|HasA|city inside
office|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
microwave|desktop|CapableOf|employ people
store|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
telephone|shop|IsA|building
curtain|moon|HasProperty|hot
theater|building|IsA|room in a house
newspaper|ceiling|HasA|use electricity
trees|mountains|IsA|place
groceries|house|HasA|door
garden|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
castle|home|IsA|fancy
conference|demonstration|PartOf|body
car|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
classroom|museum|IsA|room in a property
basement|house|UsedFor|cooking
beer|groceries|MadeOf|metal
pride|joy|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
film|case|IsA|form of entertainment
school|ocean|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
desktop|telephone|IsA|building
opera|classroom|HasProperty|alive
garage|hotel|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
mountains|picture|IsA|country or state name
stuff|plate|IsA|furniture
cave|store|UsedFor|reading books
yard|backyard|IsA|nature-related
drawer|table|IsA|1 syllable word
home|bathroom|UsedFor|travel
car|street|IsA|place
country|television|UsedFor|work
airport|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
jar|funeral|IsA|part of the body
table|food|AtLocation|in a house
case|trash|IsA|place
roof|house|HasA|green plant
moon|jar|UsedFor|link between places
clouds|manual|UsedFor|driving
bank|lemur|AtLocation|in home
europe|club|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
heaven|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
shock|crying|IsA|something a baby could have
opera|convention|IsA|commercial browser
refrigerator|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
table|corner|IsA|place to store items
opera|montana|HasProperty|an event
garage|meeting|AtLocation|at home
cupboard|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
junk|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
closet|cellar|IsA|place to pray
people|wall|IsA|home appliance
funeral|garage|PartOf|the human body
demonstration|friends|IsA|type /part of building
nebraska|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
room|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
ground|demonstration|CapableOf|be purchased
wood|inside|HasProperty|furniture in a house
encyclopedia|manual|IsA|necessity for education
bread|restaurants|PartOf|food and drink
countryside|windowsill|HasProperty|2 syllables
plate|table|CapableOf|cook things
playground|canada|AtLocation|outside
floor|store|HasProperty|removable
atlas|notebook|HasA|walls
wings|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
work|skyscraper|AtLocation|on a map
books|kitchen|IsA|furniture
kitchen|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
france|colorado|IsA|activity 
house|lamp|UsedFor|worship
book|map|HasA|walls
hole|drink|CapableOf|be currently visited
wall|shelf|AtLocation|indoors
backyard|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
desires|death|CapableOf|hurt
conference|circus|IsA|n item of furniture
desktop|office|IsA|ground where child play
drawer|jail|UsedFor|cooling
sink|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
airport|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
town|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
joy|boredom|MadeOf|golden
bathroom|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
school|museum|IsA|type of building
love|cave|HasA|airplanes
pond|fish|IsA|place that humans can swim
museum|homes|AtLocation|indoors
university|meeting|HasA|screen
outside|container|HasProperty|found below ground level
moon|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
bedroom|shelf|CapableOf|be found in a house
problems|crying|IsA|positive thing
road|plane|UsedFor|travel
birds|performing|IsA|colorful
office|montana|UsedFor|praying
church|party|UsedFor|sleeping
closet|attic|IsA|place in a house
party|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
disneyland|toilet|IsA|place to make food
encyclopedia|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
condiments|stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
bed|dog|UsedFor|indoor activities
home|room|IsA|garden
choir|radio|AtLocation|on/in the human body
wilderness|america|CapableOf|be read
opera|concert|UsedFor|live performances
classroom|bedroom|IsA|room
furniture|window|UsedFor|reading
house|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
warehouse|box|IsA|place to pray
books|manual|AtLocation|in a store
bowl|cupboard|IsA|building
school|church|HasA|fee to visit
ballpark|carnival|UsedFor|storage
oven|stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
montana|city|HasProperty|a location
battle|jail|IsA|person
bed|closet|IsA|building
college|inside|CapableOf|move
restaurant|garden|UsedFor|learning
bowl|cupboard|CapableOf|keep things cool
office|desktop|IsA|place of learning
plate|stuff|IsA|piece of furniture
human|battle|IsA|nation symbol
ocean|store|CapableOf|fly
case|film|UsedFor|storage
drawer|closet|MadeOf|food
table|dust|MadeOf|food
seaside|city|CapableOf|be read
ceiling|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
country|canada|AtLocation|on map
love|bathroom|HasA|airplanes
table|windowsill|IsA|room
silverware|desktop|HasProperty|edible
field|trash|UsedFor|playing
ceiling|bedroom|PartOf|house
sun|control|IsA|concept or place
clothes|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
shelf|pantry|MadeOf|wood
entertaining|laughter|IsA|something considered as positive
synagogue|supermarket|UsedFor|camping
library|classroom|UsedFor|reading
refrigerator|cellar|CapableOf|be opened/closed
street|ball|UsedFor|farmers 
refrigerator|dust|IsA|necessity for education
apartment|convention|IsA|planet
pond|yard|IsA|country
magazine|airport|UsedFor|cooling
house|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
forest|countryside|UsedFor|children to play
plate|refrigerator|IsA|piece of furniture
tree|swimming|HasProperty|man made
sky|street|HasProperty|white
canada|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
synagogue|church|IsA|religious card
problems|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
skyscraper|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
building|classroom|AtLocation|in your room
house|boxes|IsA|room
smiles|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
house|apartment|UsedFor|student
tile|closet|IsA|building
cage|hole|AtLocation|in home
disneyland|refrigerator|IsA|place to make food
wilderness|forest|IsA|natural thing
street|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
apartment|cinema|UsedFor| gathering together
store|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
country|ocean|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
cave|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
rain|sky|IsA|car
garbage|television|IsA|store items
restaurant|kitchen|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
trash|dinner|IsA|place
air|outside|MadeOf|natural materials
plate|cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
countryside|forest|UsedFor|children to play
action|thinking|CapableOf|fly
table|floor|UsedFor|sitting on
rain|weather|AtLocation|at america
nebraska|state|IsA|building
clothing|bed|IsA|wooden object 
jail|church|IsA|building
clothing|floor|IsA|wooden object 
shed|warehouse|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
theater|convention|IsA|part of a human
soup|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
thinking|contemplating|IsA|physical state
nebraska|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
purse|wallet|UsedFor|paying for items
crying|problems|IsA|negative thing
dishwasher|bed|UsedFor|indoor activities
container|oven|HasA|empty space in it
farm|hotel|HasProperty|a workplace
cellar|street|IsA|place to pray
conference|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
band|factory|MadeOf|by man
rosebush|backyard|IsA|us state
anxiety|butterflies|IsA|colorful
competing|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
pond|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
countryside|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
closet|dust|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
desktop|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
information|dinner|IsA|place to study
floor|trouble|PartOf|house
enjoyment|happiness|IsA|emotion
action|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
table|pantry|IsA|location or room
street|windowsill|HasProperty|hot
bedroom|toilet|UsedFor|car repair
bar|container|IsA|type of food
continent|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
asia|picture|MadeOf|rocks
coats|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
computer|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
moss|stick|IsA|living/once living
park|television|IsA|public building
smiles|love|IsA|physical emotion
roof|corner|IsA|place to store items
dishwasher|cabinet|IsA|something found in a household
favors|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
louisiana|oklahoma|HasA|start with a
knowledge|problems|IsA|negative thing
bread|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
pot|kitchen|IsA|furniture
television|corner|IsA|place for clothes
attic|nature|IsA|place
park|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
like|favors|IsA|physical emotion
passageway|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
lamp|school|IsA|place to live
window|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
bowl|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
bathtub|rug|UsedFor|decoration
bedroom|table|IsA|room
basement|candle|UsedFor|work
storage|attic|MadeOf|water
carnival|opera|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
washington|montana|IsA|american state
excitement|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
india|australia|IsA|country
dishwasher|film|UsedFor|storage
book|knowledge|IsA|place for students
disneyland|pot|IsA|furniture
cabinet|toilet|AtLocation|in a building
telephone|computer|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
table|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
trees|texas|HasA|car
floor|library|CapableOf|store
city|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
government|trouble|IsA|object/thing
fun|entertaining|IsA|emotion
swimming|ground|IsA|animal
cupboard|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
lamp|store|UsedFor|reading books
apartment|convention|IsA|place
street|field|AtLocation|outside
meeting|information|UsedFor|studying
rug|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
box|restaurant|IsA|event
factory|battle|IsA|nation symbol
mouse|outside|UsedFor|cooking
connection|wall|HasA|use electricity
hallway|office|HasProperty|a public place
subdivision|house|UsedFor|transportation
hospital|library|IsA|place to live
encyclopedia|chair|IsA|necessity for education
moon|jar|HasProperty|a building
dust|frogs|IsA|place you can go
tears|punishment|UsedFor|punish
table|cupboard|MadeOf|food
jail|room|UsedFor|driving
clothing|garden|UsedFor|learning
medium|pool|IsA|physical item 
office|classroom|IsA|ceremony
rain|street|HasProperty|white
trees|beach|AtLocation|outside
mexico|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
meeting|college|UsedFor|happiness
castle|homes|UsedFor|travel
sunbathers|sunshine|IsA|place
cellar|attic|CapableOf|part  of a household
mexico|trees|AtLocation|outside
candy|jar|IsA|part of the body
pantry|plate|IsA|  place
home|airport|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
swimming|street|IsA|part of nature
supermarket|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
desktop|shelf|HasA|edible items for sale
junk|furniture|IsA|place
toilet|desktop|IsA|furniture
sewer|mouse|HasProperty|found below ground level
synagogue|barn|HasProperty|a type of property
cut|reflection|IsA|emotion
chair|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
throne|suit|IsA|place people can meet
nightmares|depression|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
fear|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
sweat|injuries|HasA|physical element
chair|nature|HasProperty|a household item
stamps|apartment|IsA|dish
automobile|garage|UsedFor|car travel
dishwasher|cup|UsedFor|indoor activities
river|bay|IsA|place that humans can swim
lemur|australia|MadeOf|paper
africa|america|CapableOf|make movement
garbage|floor|AtLocation|in home
bedroom|program|UsedFor|work
china|suburb|IsA|residential area
pot|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
roof|carpet|IsA|home appliance
park|families|UsedFor|eating
cupboard|table|IsA|piece of furniture
theater|park|CapableOf|have people physically in it
opera|cinema|IsA|location
cupboard|cabinet|IsA|room
disneyland|dishwasher|IsA|place to make food
town|synagogue|IsA|planet
discovery|action|IsA|emotion
switzerland|cow|IsA|animal
synagogue|god|IsA|religious card
magazine|universe|IsA|place
airport|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
cabinet|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
shelf|cabinet|AtLocation|indoors
water|river|UsedFor|transportation
desires|dreams|CapableOf|hurt
table|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
supermarket|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
michigan|warehouse|MadeOf|water
atlas|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
shelf|apartment|HasProperty|furniture
lamp|desk|IsA|ground where child play
refrigerator|porch|IsA|place to make food
toilet|bowl|IsA|furniture
dancing|listening|IsA|associated to a positive experience
bar|classroom|UsedFor|car repair
fly|garage|UsedFor|eating or drinking
forest|box|IsA|living thing
store|roof|IsA|animal
region|ocean|IsA|continent
jar|bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
conference|teacher|IsA|school supply
wedding|synagogue|IsA|planet
town|forest|IsA|country
container|cup|IsA|  place
dust|carpet|AtLocation|in the sky
ocean|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
restaurant|jar|IsA|part of the body
apartment|stamps|IsA|dish
clothes|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
happiness|fulfillment|IsA|something considered as positive
embarrassment|crying|IsA|reaction
inspiration|nightmares|IsA|emotion
country|control|IsA|concept or place
dream|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
store|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
lemur|field|UsedFor|food
playground|town|IsA|nature-related
rain|hallway|HasProperty|white
building|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
stream|outdoors|IsA|natural thing
mouth|jar|CapableOf|be watched
sun|country|CapableOf|place
reflection|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
countryside|ocean|IsA|living thing
bedroom|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
creek|woods|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
balloon|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
store|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
relaxation|talk|IsA|form of communication
shoes|bed|AtLocation|inside a house
box|cage|HasProperty|man-made
bed|rug|AtLocation|inside a house
suburbs|subdivision|IsA|state
florida|supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
theater|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
peanuts|pot|UsedFor|drinking 
fish|pond|IsA|place that humans can swim
table|floor|IsA|wooden object 
enjoyment|excitement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
cinema|car|HasProperty|alive
dust|television|AtLocation|indoors
car|bicycle|IsA|place
garage|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
atlas|library|CapableOf|be worn
warehouse|attic|MadeOf|water
pond|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
cupboard|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
container|closet|UsedFor|storing physical things
plate|backpack|CapableOf|be held in your hands
newspaper|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
beaver|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
library|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
box|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
apartment|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
desk|confession|IsA|place of religion
ocean|glass|UsedFor|transportation
cupboard|pantry|UsedFor|storage
hole|cage|UsedFor|food
cellar|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
microwave|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
bar|groceries|HasA|plug or power source
garden|table|MadeOf|wood
cabinet|books|IsA|necessity for education
gate|bathroom|IsA|business
newspaper|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
refrigerator|cupboard|CapableOf|be used with a computer
water|university|PartOf|house
drawer|cabinet|MadeOf|plastic
conference|pocket|IsA|piece of furniture
convention|earth|UsedFor|buying food
cupboard|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
lamp|bedroom|UsedFor|work
country|city|HasA|water
house|rug|IsA|a animal
club|game|HasA|person stood at the front
microwave|table|IsA|dish
synagogue|town|IsA|social event
garage|assessment|CapableOf|make a sound
sadness|frustration|IsA|happy card
sewer|cabinet|HasProperty|found below ground level
happiness|love|IsA|physical emotion
floor|tree|HasProperty|furniture in a house
bathroom|park|HasProperty|somewhere to go
switzerland|canada|HasProperty|a country
floor|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
hallway|classroom|HasProperty|a room
building|boat|UsedFor|reading
closet|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
trouble|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
tree|countryside|IsA|part of nature
jar|movies|IsA|part of the body
birds|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
warehouse|garage|CapableOf|be used for storage
museum|mind|CapableOf|be heard
window|furniture|MadeOf|wood
floor|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
store|supermarket|UsedFor|living
outdoors|park|CapableOf|be part of a house
notebook|meeting|UsedFor|happiness
bubblegum|street|CapableOf|keeping cash
garage|attic|AtLocation|in united states
lake|bird|MadeOf|trees
street|air|HasProperty|white
cellar|house|HasProperty|found below ground level
louisiana|arkansas|IsA|state in uk
bottle|can|IsA|place for entertainment
bay|river|HasA|earth
human|party|IsA|building
park|crowd|CapableOf|have people physically in it
store|street|IsA|animal
meeting|television|UsedFor|reading
table|kitchen|HasProperty|edible
shelf|picture|CapableOf|show you time
stairs|rug|IsA|type of building
water|moon|PartOf|kitchen
window|boat|IsA|ceremony
desktop|sunshine|IsA|person
jar|space|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
waterfall|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
table|cabinet|IsA|location
laughter|drinking|IsA|verb
prison|florida|CapableOf|be read
sleep|bed|HasProperty|an animal
table|cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
hotel|motel|HasA|fee to visit
skin|tent|IsA|part of a human
building|garden|AtLocation|outside
outdoors|forest|IsA|1 syllable word
building|forest|UsedFor|swimming
yard|roadway|CapableOf|be parked on
beach|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
library|apartment|CapableOf|float
toilet|hotel|IsA|place of learning
container|outside|IsA|room (type)
airport|kitchen|HasProperty|able to be entered
university|student|UsedFor|reading and studying
bedroom|kitchen|IsA|room
jar|street|IsA|place to be entertained
backpack|museum|UsedFor|reading
backpack|briefcase|IsA|place of learning
ocean|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
thinking|injury|CapableOf|cause pain
court|school|UsedFor|sport
airport|college|CapableOf|have people  inside
stamps|trash|IsA|place
jar|vacuum|PartOf|wood
earth|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
box|michigan|PartOf|house
bedroom|toilet|AtLocation|in a building
favors|tears|IsA|activity
backyard|jungle|IsA|place or location
newspaper|class|HasProperty|a meal
attic|house|UsedFor|mainly sleep
silence|song|IsA|electronic device
floor|carpet|UsedFor|furnishing a house
war|school|CapableOf|be heard
jail|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
sky|park|IsA|part of nature
sloth|cage|UsedFor|keeping animals
apartment|desk|UsedFor|storage
plate|stuff|IsA|1 syllable word
canada|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
stomach|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
supermarket|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
sunshine|universe|CapableOf|be currently visited
store|garden|IsA|location
house|connection|HasA|airplanes
skin|montana|HasProperty|an event
thinking|class|IsA|place to study
church|hallway|IsA|type of room
circus|disneyland|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
conference|synagogue|IsA|planet
depression|remembering|IsA|emotion
refrigerator|corner|MadeOf|wood
airplane|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
bathroom|jail|HasA|usually have people inside
remembering|money|HasProperty|a physical item
library|information|MadeOf|meet
garage|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
porch|pot|IsA|furniture
smiles|like|IsA|enjoyable
bed|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
lemur|cage|UsedFor|cooking
dust|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
computer|garage|AtLocation|in a building
container|refrigerators|IsA|  place
manual|information|IsA|physical object
pot|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
bathroom|ground|IsA|living/once living
embarrassment|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
home|cupboard|HasA|door
universe|school|IsA|place
bathtub|floor|IsA|building
kitchen|bar|IsA|piece of furniture
enjoyment|love|IsA|verb
clothing|dust|UsedFor|to keep items
moon|jar|CapableOf|store small items
ground|park|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
cheese|burger|IsA|type of food
beach|park|IsA|place
furniture|chair|IsA|place
person|conference|UsedFor|announcing something
government|control|HasA|movie
food|injury|CapableOf|cause pain
library|meeting|MadeOf|meet
outside|picture|IsA|natural scenario
hotel|library|UsedFor|washing
movie|game|AtLocation|in a building
kitchen|plate|IsA|type of food
airport|ceiling|IsA|item of furniture
field|countryside|PartOf|nature
park|town|HasA|ticket box usually
skin|tent|IsA|place
contemplating|thinking|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
street|moon|AtLocation|at a home
suburbs|street|HasProperty|a location
happiness|stress|IsA|feeling or emotion
cabinet|shelf|UsedFor|storage of physical items
building|assessment|IsA|human or part of human
death|injuries|HasA|physical element
woods|countryside|IsA|living/once living
drawer|nature|HasProperty|a household item
market|kitchens|HasProperty|for buying things
ocean|beach|CapableOf|fly
clouds|attic|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
mexico|building|HasA|properties of any kind
television|attic|HasProperty|found inside a house
butterflies|birds|IsA|emotion
trunk|boxes|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
ballpark|jungle|IsA|place or location
desert|city|IsA|residential area
refrigerators|cup|AtLocation|in a house
stamps|desk|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
countryside|field|MadeOf|wood
container|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
waterfall|river|HasA|water
city|subdivision|IsA|place where you can live
closet|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
soup|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
home|market|HasProperty|able to be entered
convention|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
museum|elevator|PartOf|building
drinking|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
backpack|plate|CapableOf|be held in your hands
indiana|maine|IsA|us state
bar|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
apartment|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
arguments|park|MadeOf|golden
home|library|HasProperty|able to be entered
pantry|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
skin|opera|IsA|place
laughter|fulfillment|IsA|something considered as positive
loft|ceiling|IsA|specific part of a structure
shoes|rug|AtLocation|inside a house
party|office|HasProperty|used for learning
casino|container|IsA|place for entertainment
jail|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
candy|food|IsA|part of the body
field|trash|UsedFor|farmers 
bedroom|cupboard|AtLocation|indoors
movie|drawer|IsA|dish
carpet|windowsill|AtLocation|in the sky
classroom|dictionary|UsedFor|viewing/reading
lightning|performing|CapableOf|fly
theater|park|UsedFor|music
prison|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
garage|museum|IsA|type of building
attic|church|AtLocation|within a building's structure
joy|satisfaction|IsA|verb
office|jar|IsA|place where students learn
closet|school|UsedFor|a holiday
furniture|theater|UsedFor|reading
shop|library|UsedFor|cooling
hallway|classroom|UsedFor|urination
nebraska|minnesota|IsA|building
university|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
building|canada|IsA|nature-related
closet|shoes|AtLocation|inside a house
bedroom|building|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
bridge|outside|IsA|living/once living
outdoors|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
choir|telephone|IsA|tv show
street|air|AtLocation|at a home
trash|pot|IsA|place to make food
vaccines|nightmares|PartOf|human body
sleeping|dreams|IsA|physical object
apartment|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
cat|snore|HasProperty|an animal
jar|pantry|MadeOf|wood
store|cave|IsA|place to live
palace|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
trunk|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
office|building|HasProperty|found in a house
porch|shop|UsedFor|cooling
monastery|office|UsedFor|praying
condiments|table|HasProperty|used for meals
garden|outdoors|IsA|country
field|safe|IsA|place to study
desires|sleeping|AtLocation|usually in a bed
pantry|food|AtLocation|in a house
cage|heaven|IsA|place where money is kept
circus|auditorium|IsA|n item of furniture
town|hotel|UsedFor|milking cows
seattle|forest|IsA|geographic location
jail|church|IsA|place you visit
drawer|nature|IsA|store items
bedroom|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
corner|outside|IsA|room
town|farm|HasProperty|a workplace
nails|jar|IsA|school supply
refrigerator|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
city|town|IsA|building
bathtub|kitchen|IsA|ceremony
restaurant|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
table|jar|IsA|location
table|home|CapableOf|provide a service
home|library|UsedFor|cooling
food|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
bridge|ground|IsA|living/once living
refrigerator|plate|HasA|empty space in it
trees|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
factory|garden|MadeOf|water
hotel|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
china|city|IsA|state
battle|sweat|IsA|positive card
tent|synagogue|IsA|home
house|trunk|UsedFor|storage
cupboard|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
confession|church|UsedFor|praying
death|sweat|IsA|physical outcome
air|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
money|knowledge|HasProperty|typically positive
tent|church|IsA|house where man live
cabinet|wallet|IsA|form of entertainment
drugs|concert|UsedFor|recreation activity
heart|communication|IsA|feeling
airplane|wings|UsedFor|eating
classroom|books|IsA|necessity for education
bridge|road|HasProperty|made by humans
shed|mail|IsA|room in a home
roof|countryside|AtLocation|outside
air|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
fear|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
kitchen|museum|UsedFor|storage
instruction|money|HasProperty|typically positive
closet|cave|UsedFor|a holiday
minnesota|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
safe|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
trouble|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
sun|universe|MadeOf|energy
teacher|jar|IsA|piece of furniture
floor|wood|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
information|class|IsA|place for students
ocean|sky|CapableOf|fly
store|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
mansion|bathroom|IsA|location
pot|carnival|UsedFor|storage
lamp|ceiling|UsedFor|work
windowsill|corner|HasProperty|part of a building
bed|table|UsedFor|cooling
container|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
encyclopedia|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
gymnasium|outside|UsedFor|sport
room|house|HasProperty|a place where people sing
cage|sloth|CapableOf|be read
supermarket|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
montana|ontario|PartOf|political geographical area
sink|glass|IsA|object
desert|lemur|IsA|country
apartment|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
aquarium|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
ocean|canada|AtLocation|on a map
sun|city|HasA|movie
hotel|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
knowledge|instruction|HasProperty|typically positive
television|funeral|IsA|part of the body
closet|funeral|IsA|room in a home
argument|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
sweat|death|IsA|physical outcome
store|windowsill|IsA|living thing
aquarium|pond|IsA|place that humans can swim
hunger|pain|IsA|emotion
government|army|IsA|concept or place
desktop|sink|HasProperty|made of wood
carnival|class|IsA|action
book|color|IsA|part media
jar|hotel|IsA|part of the body
president|country|IsA|book
program|building|IsA|physical and movable item
communication|crying|IsA|emotion
revelations|understanding|IsA|physical state
jar|container|PartOf|wood
cupboard|bedroom|HasProperty|edible
porch|shop|IsA|1 syllable  word
box|mountain|CapableOf|fly
desert|swimming|IsA|animal
desert|stream|MadeOf|trees
trunk|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
street|desert|IsA|state
montana|egypt|IsA|location
library|dentist|CapableOf|provide a service
bedroom|music|IsA|physical and movable item
nails|backpack|AtLocation|in a home
trees|park|IsA|place to grow plants
hospital|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
garden|playground|IsA|nation
mouse|toilet|AtLocation|inside a house
doctor|airport|CapableOf|provide a service
happiness|dancing|IsA|verb
sleep|junk|IsA|place
hospital|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
lightning|performing|IsA|emotion
room|basement|UsedFor|work
attic|closet|CapableOf|show films
suffering|crying|IsA|emotion
school|car|AtLocation|inside a house
trouble|microwave|IsA|animal
clothing|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
home|refrigerator|IsA|place where people live
office|circus|IsA|religious card
waterfall|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
dictionary|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
book|paper|CapableOf|be worn
attic|corner|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
cage|michigan|IsA|living thing
tree|countryside|HasProperty|man made
snore|bed|IsA|place
bedroom|garden|IsA|object that can be held
movie|game|UsedFor|learning
defeat|happiness|IsA|feeling or emotion
performing|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
injury|performing|IsA|colorful
depression|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
notes|notebook|IsA|building
remembering|crying|PartOf|mental disorder
office|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
kitchens|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
mountains|oklahoma|IsA|us state
knowledge|instruction|HasProperty|a physical item
freeway|airport|IsA|business
trunk|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
toilet|pot|CapableOf|storing food
bathroom|music|CapableOf|be heard
sewer|rug|IsA|private space
house|garage|UsedFor|car travel
hotel|motel|HasA|usually have people inside
house|animals|PartOf|the human body
yard|countryside|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
television|library|PartOf|publication
hospital|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
sahara|disneyland|IsA|geographic location
rain|ceiling|IsA|car
ocean|toilet|CapableOf|store small items
outdoors|trees|IsA|nation
sink|bridge|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
country|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
lightning|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
mouth|person|PartOf|body
food|hotel|IsA|part of the body
closet|trunk|UsedFor|storing physical things
battlefield|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
mountains|fox|IsA|place
television|library|IsA|ground where child play
desktop|library|UsedFor|viewing/reading
kitchen|apartment|IsA|furniture
air|water|UsedFor|work
ocean|chair|UsedFor|praying
warehouse|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
nebraska|street|AtLocation|inside a house
circus|ocean|IsA|place of religion
floor|cat|PartOf|house
depression|dream|IsA|emotion
cupboard|car|UsedFor|storage
cat|dog|HasA|animal
condiments|jar|UsedFor|keeping things cool
room|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
michigan|minnesota|IsA|business that serves food
forest|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
house|table|MadeOf|glass
exercise|exercising|HasProperty|tiring
montana|egypt|UsedFor|driving 
pool|soup|UsedFor|transportation
floor|carpet|UsedFor|sitting on
town|continent|IsA|specific place
stove|condiments|AtLocation|in a house
city|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
cave|closet|UsedFor|reading books
cabinet|briefcase|HasA|walls
neighborhood|suburb|IsA|state
loft|room|UsedFor|buying things
television|voice|IsA|tv show
front|box|HasA|to do with planets
sink|shelf|MadeOf|metal
trouble|snore|AtLocation|in home
flat|hotel|IsA|something you can own
bathroom|gymnasium|IsA|in a home
europe|clothing|UsedFor|learning
maze|hotel|IsA|public place
roof|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
concert|classroom|IsA|object that can be held
airport|classroom|IsA|object that can be held
germany|carnival|PartOf|building
lamp|garden|MadeOf|wood
pen|backpack|IsA|school supply
wisconsin|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
fatigue|fulfillment|IsA|emotion
forest|michigan|CapableOf|fly
disneyland|pot|CapableOf|be used with a computer
michigan|minnesota|IsA|part of a municipality
roof|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
town|city|IsA|rural region
dinner|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
restaurant|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
hallway|home|HasProperty|able to be entered
town|backyard|IsA|nation
park|jail|IsA|place you visit
house|jail|CapableOf|be entered
sailboat|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
suburb|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
restaurant|school|AtLocation|on the map
tears|punishment|IsA|noun
stuff|case|UsedFor|eating food off
ground|shelf|IsA|place
connection|bathroom|IsA|business
love|like|HasProperty|an emotion
conference|classroom|IsA|school supply
office|classroom|IsA|school supply
theater|conference|IsA|place
kitchen|pantry|IsA|object
neighborhood|china|IsA|state
synagogue|opera|IsA|place or location
entertaining|headache|IsA|emotion
book|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
room|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
yard|ocean|AtLocation|in your company
condiments|food|CapableOf|store things
room|attic|PartOf|house
laughter|crying|IsA|negative feeling
ocean|england|AtLocation|on a map
bottle|groceries|AtLocation|in a kitchen
egypt|excavation|UsedFor|driving 
bed|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
street|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
dishwasher|restaurant|IsA|dish
glass|bedroom|HasProperty|edible
montana|excavation|UsedFor|driving 
anger|tension|HasA|physical element
pot|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
action|casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
cabinet|atlas|HasA|walls
communication|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
box|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
condiments|jar|HasA|empty space in it
picture|shelf|CapableOf|show you time
valley|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
tears|suffering|CapableOf|make you sad
house|park|HasA|head
greenhouse|ground|PartOf|glass
food|jar|UsedFor|serving dinner
street|pool|UsedFor|eating or drinking
basement|bathroom|HasA|door
dance|chairs|IsA|type of room
desktop|classroom|UsedFor|viewing/reading
case|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
television|ground|AtLocation|indoors
cut|performing|CapableOf|cause pain
humiliation|anxiety|IsA|emotion
agreement|pain|IsA|emotion
allergies|park|MadeOf|pause
restaurant|cupboard|CapableOf|be opened/closed
connection|wall|IsA|business
disneyland|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
clouds|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
bathtub|bank|HasA|feet to stand 
manual|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
trash|bowl|CapableOf|be used with a computer
school|palace|HasA|exterior walls
convention|montana|IsA|place
synagogue|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
boat|water|IsA|physical item 
country|trouble|CapableOf|make you do something
kitchen|drugstore|IsA|place to sleep
room|roof|UsedFor|decoration
garage|glass|UsedFor|transportation
supermarket|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
meeting|library|IsA|visible object
briefcase|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
supermarket|backpack|UsedFor|storage
satisfaction|regret|IsA|action
maze|connection|IsA|business
floor|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
bowl|cabinet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
desk|office|IsA|place of religion
furniture|television|AtLocation|in home
corner|closet|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
cut|thinking|CapableOf|fly
cupboard|mouse|IsA|room (type)
container|nails|IsA|piece of furniture
classroom|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
birds|cut|IsA|colorful
pond|forest|AtLocation|outside
college|library|UsedFor|housing
restaurant|street|IsA|place or location
trouble|backyard|MadeOf|living parts
house|den|CapableOf|be moved around
building|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
school|bed|UsedFor|travel
library|floor|CapableOf|store
forest|nature|MadeOf|trees
jar|moon|CapableOf|store small items
skin|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
laughter|crying|IsA|emotion
drugstore|sun|CapableOf|move location
palace|school|IsA|type of building
america|india|AtLocation|within the usa
ceiling|house|CapableOf|move location
death|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
school|universe|IsA|animal or book
roadway|street|HasProperty|a location
room|jail|HasA|usually have people inside
people|chair|IsA|religious card
drugstore|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
restaurant|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
table|library|IsA|place of formal education
effort|exercise|HasProperty|a physical activity
medium|chicken|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
movie|meeting|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
floor|home|IsA|part of a house
clothes|backpack|HasProperty|an object
cabinet|window|IsA|furniture 
exercise|discipline|HasProperty|tiring
ground|garden|PartOf|body
bathtub|dirt|HasA|first letter c
school|hotel|UsedFor|washing
bicycle|street|IsA|place to pray
cage|store|PartOf|house
france|snow|MadeOf|metal
drawer|dishwasher|IsA|something found in a household
university|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
rain|basement|IsA|car
dinner|balloon|IsA|product that people buy
town|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
cupboard|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
jar|money|CapableOf|keeping cash
jar|water|PartOf|kitchen
tent|theater|IsA|social event
encyclopedia|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
agreement|laughter|IsA|emotion
clouds|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
marmoset|dictionary|IsA|place
desert|weather|HasProperty|very cold
city|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
table|dishwasher|IsA|something found in a household
lamp|corner|AtLocation|inside someone's home
cellar|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
mess|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
home|jail|IsA|physical item 
drawer|garage|HasProperty|a household item
beach|attic|UsedFor|serving food
disneyland|cabinet|IsA|building
performing|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
building|lamp|IsA|place to live
roof|cage|IsA|living thing
classroom|kitchen|UsedFor|urination
books|window|IsA|furniture 
ocean|party|IsA|building
puddle|garage|UsedFor|eating or drinking
tile|office|AtLocation|with water
continent|world|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
fun|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
hallway|house|HasA|usually have people inside
state|city|IsA|business that serves food
shelf|demonstration|IsA|place
apartment|theater|IsA|location
jail|apartment|CapableOf|hold people against their will
attic|room|IsA|place to pray
university|papers|IsA|furniture
stamps|dishwasher|IsA|something found in a household
library|internet|MadeOf|meet
clothes|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
apartment|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
market|demonstration|HasProperty|a public place
valley|wilderness|IsA|natural thing
rug|home|MadeOf|living parts
notebook|locker|CapableOf|be worn
shelf|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
bank|cage|UsedFor|cooking
ocean|library|IsA|place to live
boat|glass|IsA|physical item 
discovery|injury|IsA|negative emotion
supermarket|groceries|HasA|door
box|television|UsedFor|eating
punch|tears|IsA|noun
favors|dancing|IsA|verb
desktop|wall|UsedFor|storage
town|synagogue|IsA|home
corporation|city|HasA|movie
library|atlas|UsedFor|reading
exhaustion|cleanliness|CapableOf|be physically touched
nightmares|trauma|IsA|negative thing
monastery|chair|IsA|place of religion
forest|garden|IsA|animal
roof|greenhouse|PartOf|body
injury|lightning|IsA|emotion
restaurant|couch|UsedFor|work
jellyfish|park|UsedFor|reading
bar|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
minnesota|nebraska|IsA|part of a municipality
wallet|jar|IsA|place you can visit
office|telephone|UsedFor|fitness
library|internet|CapableOf|be alive
food|movies|IsA|event
floor|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
lemur|hole|AtLocation|in home
shelf|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
school|jar|IsA|part of the body
house|lamp|IsA|study room
closet|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
glass|field|HasProperty|edible
mind|opera|IsA|action
basement|cupboard|HasA|door
pain|nightmares|IsA|something a baby could have
backyard|california|MadeOf|fiber
cage|michigan|CapableOf|fly
montana|tent|HasProperty|an event
ground|house|IsA|car
street|sun|HasProperty|hot
cabinet|map|UsedFor|reading
cupboard|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
woods|countryside|MadeOf|trees
pantry|container|HasA|empty space in it
class|germany|PartOf|building
chair|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
furniture|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
street|desert|HasProperty|hot
refrigerators|cup|HasProperty|used for meals
ocean|michigan|AtLocation|on a map
supermarket|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
inside|restaurant|IsA|place or location
room|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
earth|theater|UsedFor|buying food
bowl|stamps|IsA|something found in a household
bowl|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
glass|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
basement|cellar|CapableOf|part  of a household
mexico|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
tree|wood|IsA|place or location
knowledge|information|IsA|physical tangible object
park|human|UsedFor|education
dust|radio|IsA|place for clothes
closet|house|IsA|item of clothing
suburb|city|IsA|place where you can live
outside|plants|PartOf|house
motel|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
refrigerator|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
college|office|IsA|object that can be held
vase|ground|IsA|place
action|discovery|UsedFor|seeking an answer
hospital|hotel|HasA|front desk
dinner|party|IsA|product that people buy
bar|restaurants|CapableOf|be entered
dream|depression|IsA|negative feeling
synagogue|library|CapableOf|have people go inside
tears|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
nature|windowsill|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
action|pocket|UsedFor|living
entertaining|like|IsA|enjoyable
groceries|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
bedroom|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
church|synagogue|IsA|place you buy food
oven|food|CapableOf|store things
church|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
ocean|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
garage|bathroom|HasProperty|a place where people sing
vase|flowers|IsA|place or location
supermarket|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
theater|office|HasProperty|found in a house
paperwork|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
park|pond|AtLocation|outside
market|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
porch|toilet|IsA|furniture
exhaustion|allergies|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
opera|wedding|UsedFor| gathering together
bedroom|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
library|synagogue|HasA|walls
desk|stamps|IsA|something found in a household
bottle|shelf|HasA|plug or power source
death|dreams|AtLocation|usually in a bed
lamp|house|IsA|car
clothes|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
theater|buildings|UsedFor| gathering together
garage|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
supermarket|earth|IsA|home
mountains|picture|IsA|place
dinner|stamps|IsA|place
inside|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
synagogue|skin|HasProperty|an event
radio|television|IsA|place for clothes
battle|sweat|HasA|physical element
nightmares|vaccines|CapableOf|hurt
entertaining|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
floor|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
cellar|attic|AtLocation|within a building's structure
toronto|attic|PartOf|house
sleep|knowing|MadeOf|wood
kitchen|stomach|HasProperty|edible
beach|countryside|IsA|living thing
heaven|bank|UsedFor|food
city|street|HasProperty|a location
floor|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
water|university|CapableOf|be used for storage
teacher|paper|UsedFor|writing
ocean|closet|IsA|building
wedding|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
field|street|MadeOf|wood
tent|people|HasProperty|an event
refrigerator|kitchen|IsA|furniture
water|fun|UsedFor|storage
earth|skin|IsA|place
playground|yard|CapableOf|be part of a house
dust|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
agreement|smiles|IsA|verb
bathroom|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
drawer|wallet|UsedFor|storage
tears|fun|IsA|verb
city|continent|CapableOf|be walked on
airport|doctor|IsA|physical item 
sleep|instruction|IsA|emotion
drawer|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
cleanliness|arguments|CapableOf|be physically touched
television|garage|IsA|place
ground|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
university|head|IsA|physical tangible object
store|roof|UsedFor|decoration
suffering|field|IsA|emotion
canada|garden|IsA|place people work and live
sink|ocean|HasA|pipe system attached
clothes|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
gate|freeway|IsA|business
mexico|town|HasA|properties of any kind
box|stamps|IsA|place
michigan|england|IsA|country or state
laughter|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
nature|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
anxiety|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
prison|california|CapableOf|be read
park|rosebush|IsA|us state
inside|house|IsA|object
school|auditorium|HasProperty|a place where people sing
skate|war|PartOf|building
dinner|car|IsA|product that people buy
gentleman|throne|UsedFor|learning
theater|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
desktop|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
newspaper|subdivision|IsA|residential area
museum|desktop|MadeOf|wood
michigan|warehouse|CapableOf|work
locker|classroom|IsA|building
books|manual|CapableOf|be used virtually 
shed|attic|IsA|place to pray
silverware|sink|MadeOf|metal
apartment|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
attic|furniture|PartOf|house
basement|attic|UsedFor|cooking
class|head|UsedFor|studying
roof|temple|CapableOf|move location
bank|field|IsA|country
dictionary|desktop|CapableOf|be used virtually 
library|classroom|IsA|ceremony
furniture|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
museum|workplace|AtLocation|indoors
locker|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
park|idaho|IsA|drink
airport|bedroom|HasProperty|able to be entered
house|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
montana|opera|IsA|place or location
forest|ocean|CapableOf|fly
magazines|jail|CapableOf|store
funeral|trash|IsA|structure or building
playground|building|IsA|nation
enemies|argument|IsA|positive card
apartment|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
roof|plants|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
magazine|jail|CapableOf|store
ground|field|IsA|man made thing
silverware|desktop|HasA|edible items for sale
thinking|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
wall|outside|IsA|place to store items
dog|table|AtLocation|on the map
synagogue|house|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
head|class|IsA|place for students
pantry|table|AtLocation|in a house
cabinet|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
monastery|church|IsA|place of religion
ocean|sea|HasA|earth
house|tile|AtLocation|with water
tent|supermarket|IsA|place
refrigerator|trunk|MadeOf|metal
town|china|CapableOf|be parked on
refrigerator|disneyland|IsA|furniture
security|garden|IsA|object that can be held
cinema|classroom|IsA|location
floor|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
thinking|encyclopedia|HasProperty|related to studying
marmoset|snow|IsA|place
wall|table|HasProperty|found in a house
house|town|IsA|place where you can live
building|opera|IsA|place or location
suburb|neighborhood|IsA|state
nature|valley|HasProperty|2 syllables
barn|building|IsA|place for animals
container|refrigerator|HasA|empty space in it
shoes|park|AtLocation|on the map
garden|store|IsA|location
outdoors|town|UsedFor|children to play
plants|flower|UsedFor|at home
class|germany|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
office|valley|IsA|country or state
ocean|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
france|marmoset|IsA|activity 
fulfillment|laughter|IsA|something considered as positive
table|picture|AtLocation|library
rug|closet|AtLocation|inside a house
control|government|HasA|movie
jar|shower|HasA|door
universe|porch|UsedFor|serving food
human|airport|AtLocation|on a map
michigan|city|IsA|business that serves food
carnival|dance|PartOf|building
state|street|IsA|business that serves food
river|pool|UsedFor|eating or drinking
temple|ceiling|IsA|place to sleep
library|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
theater|music|UsedFor|live performances
mouse|apartment|IsA|furniture
anthology|flowers|IsA|place or location
office|teacher|IsA|piece of furniture
theater|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
internet|television|CapableOf|be held in your hand
company|work|CapableOf|employ people
celebrating|like|IsA|verb
desk|wallet|IsA|dish
university|apartment|IsA|location
cup|oven|CapableOf|store things
suburb|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
floor|bed|AtLocation|in home
roof|rock|IsA|stone
driveway|street|IsA|state
jar|office|IsA|place where students learn
oven|food|AtLocation|in  a residence
dishwasher|bowl|IsA|something found in a household
garden|roof|PartOf|body
beaver|montana|UsedFor|driving 
fox|picture|IsA|place
suburb|city|IsA|part of a municipality
countryside|yard|AtLocation|outside
cage|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
cupboard|shelf|MadeOf|food
cut|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
suburb|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
fight|enemies|IsA|physical outcome
action|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
cabinet|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
garage|pool|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
jail|park|IsA|place where you can visit
books|desk|IsA|necessity for education
sleep|hunger|MadeOf|wood
theater|opera|UsedFor|buying food
europe|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
reflection|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
apartment|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
office|telephone|UsedFor|fun
anger|field|IsA|noun
restaurant|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
theater|apartment|UsedFor|learning
antarctica|wall|MadeOf|wood
school|jail|HasA|usually have people inside
sky|lake|MadeOf|trees
sea|ocean|HasA|earth
kitchen|plate|CapableOf|store things
food|bowl|IsA|location
oven|shelf|HasA|edible items for sale
fun|excitement|IsA|activity
driveway|neighborhood|IsA|state
dirt|bank|MadeOf|organic brown matter
town|buildings|UsedFor|putting on a show
church|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
jar|supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
restaurant|groceries|MadeOf|metal
knowledge|problems|MadeOf|wood
skyscraper|homes|CapableOf|move freely
clothing|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
closet|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
class|encyclopedia|UsedFor|learning
refrigerator|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
storage|garage|UsedFor|storing stuffs
battle|concert|CapableOf|promote health
pond|countryside|IsA|place you visit often
skate|confusion|CapableOf|be heard
desktop|wall|MadeOf|wood
sorrow|problems|PartOf|mental disorder
party|auditorium|HasProperty|a place where people sing
bedroom|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
garden|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
city|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
wall|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
town|yard|HasA|walls
music|good|PartOf|building
dinner|coffee|IsA|place
roof|furniture|CapableOf|sleeping
stomach|desktop|HasProperty|edible
water|house|HasA|pipe system attached
glass|soup|UsedFor|transportation
pocket|container|IsA|place where students learn
universe|light|MadeOf|energy
greenhouse|apartment|IsA|building
dream|depression|IsA|emotion
school|castle|UsedFor|travel
garage|barn|IsA|sound
families|wedding|IsA|place
florida|beaver|CapableOf|be read
utah|florida|IsA|us state
computer|corner|IsA|ground where child play
jar|sink|HasA|door
dinner|trash|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bedroom|cellar|IsA|room (type)
temple|building|IsA|place to sleep
cut|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
garage|junk|HasProperty|an animal
rain|house|HasProperty|white
notebook|house|UsedFor|happiness
nature|countryside|MadeOf|trees
countryside|beach|IsA|country
dinner|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
church|theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
case|dishwasher|IsA|form of entertainment
mountain|pennsylvania|IsA|location
meeting|library|AtLocation|on a shelf
store|closet|HasProperty|removable
apartment|theater|IsA|place you buy food
beer|shelf|UsedFor|storing things in
desktop|bar|UsedFor|fun
problems|sorrow|PartOf|mental disorder
person|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
home|restaurant|IsA|type of room
contemplating|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
desert|weather|AtLocation|at america
newspaper|china|CapableOf|be parked on
garage|cupboard|CapableOf|be found in a house
sink|desktop|HasProperty|made of wood
alcohol|air|CapableOf|be entered
bed|couch|PartOf|house 
garbage|nature|IsA|place
church|bar|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
home|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
supermarket|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
bay|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
ground|plate|IsA|place
cup|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
trouble|attic|IsA|store items
imagination|circus|UsedFor|praying
bedroom|home|CapableOf|be slept in
school|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
lamp|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
desktop|wires|IsA|building 
elevator|lamp|IsA|physical and movable item
party|house|HasProperty|a place you can work
pocket|jar|UsedFor|carrying things
refrigerator|dinner|UsedFor|eating or drinking
desktop|television|IsA|building
montana|countryside|HasA|buildings in it
refrigerator|garage|IsA|looks like house
drawer|cat|IsA|place
couch|bedroom|UsedFor|work
circus|apartment|IsA|place or location
water|garage|CapableOf|be used as transport 
classroom|school|UsedFor|student
vase|windowsill|IsA|room
cabinet|atlas|IsA|building
punishment|sweetness|IsA|emotion
apartment|body|IsA|place
home|hallway|HasProperty|a public place
sink|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
magazines|magazine|UsedFor|reading
sleep|cat|HasProperty|an animal
notes|college|UsedFor|happiness
house|office|IsA|item of clothing
cupboard|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
bathroom|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
church|florida|IsA|place you can visit
valley|forest|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
pond|yard|IsA|living/once living
farm|city|HasProperty|a workplace
oklahoma|colorado|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
computer|corner|IsA|study room
bar|party|HasProperty|associated with drinking
problems|nostalgia|HasProperty|linked to food
school|auditorium|IsA|building
commercial|hole|IsA|animal or book
park|backyard|IsA|country
theater|montana|IsA|part of a human
balloon|house|IsA|product that people buy
hospital|closet|IsA|item of clothing
excitement|fun|IsA|action
maze|bathroom|IsA|business
garage|assessment|IsA|human or part of human
yard|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
garage|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
town|train|UsedFor|over night stays 
groceries|can|MadeOf|metal
windowsill|ground|HasProperty|found in a home
heaven|skyscraper|CapableOf|move freely
television|safe|IsA|physical tangible object
school|home|UsedFor|travel
mexico|canada|IsA|nation
lawn|telegram|IsA|something kept a home
home|outside|IsA|part of a house
microwave|outside|IsA|part of a house
air|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
porch|ocean|UsedFor|serving food
conference|briefcase|IsA|piece of furniture
funeral|office|MadeOf|wood
table|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
apartment|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
warehouse|room|AtLocation|within a building's structure
canada|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
closet|room|IsA|place to pray
book|connection|HasA|use electricity
louisiana|mountains|HasA|even number of letter
building|cave|IsA|business
supermarket|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
porch|attic|MadeOf|wood
butterflies|injury|IsA|negative emotion
condiments|oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
lamp|television|AtLocation|in office blocks
closet|corner|CapableOf|make sounds
garden|airport|IsA|object that can be held
encyclopedia|library|HasProperty|a meal
forest|seaside|IsA|proper noun
computer|office|UsedFor|student
dishwasher|disneyland|IsA|furniture
park|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
jail|restaurant|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
dinner|closet|HasProperty|removable
supermarket|families|IsA|part of the body
sun|government|HasA|movie
cat|nature|HasProperty|an animal
car|backpack|IsA|made of wood
supermarket|montana|HasProperty|part of a human
briefcase|cabinet|IsA|school supply
table|computer|IsA|room
condiments|plate|IsA|location or room
class|field|HasA|screen
cooking|rosebush|IsA|country
desk|movie|IsA|something found in a household
market|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
church|exchange|IsA|room in a house
desktop|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
cupboard|jar|IsA|location
concert|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
book|ceiling|HasA|use electricity
canada|california|PartOf|house
reflection|pride|CapableOf|cause pain
cellar|water|IsA|place to pray
train|painting|HasProperty|in a cold climate
conference|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
closet|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
safe|trunk|UsedFor|car travel
sky|carpet|PartOf|building a house
cabinet|mouse|CapableOf|be used with a computer
supermarket|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
performing|cut|IsA|colorful
people|car|IsA|location
kitchen|pantry|UsedFor|food
town|forest|UsedFor|swimming
jar|cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
synagogue|hospital|HasA|exterior walls
people|musical|IsA|place or location
cabinet|desk|CapableOf|contain multiple people
sleep|drawer|IsA|place
food|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
notebook|briefcase|HasA|walls
clock|wall|MadeOf|paper
backpack|house|MadeOf|food
bar|party|UsedFor|storing things inside
house|den|HasA|door
floor|trunk|MadeOf|food
car|dog|AtLocation|on the map
street|hallway|HasProperty|white
wilderness|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
groceries|casino|MadeOf|metal
television|internet|MadeOf|technology
corner|museum|AtLocation|indoors
countryside|street|AtLocation|outside
table|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
desk|carpet|PartOf|building a house
telephone|desk|IsA|ground where child play
canada|pond|AtLocation|outside
garbage|sleep|IsA|place
tears|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
silence|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
corner|paint|UsedFor|storage
airport|demonstration|HasProperty|a public place
bird|desert|IsA|natural thing
dishwasher|disneyland|CapableOf|be used with a computer
room|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
effort|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
television|dust|AtLocation|inside
cupboard|table|MadeOf|wood
electricity|table|UsedFor|work
theater|cinema|HasProperty|a place expressly for singing
chair|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
knowledge|dream|IsA|emotion
city|canada|AtLocation|on a map
attic|junk|HasProperty|a household item
building|attic|UsedFor|generating products or plants
crying|problems|HasProperty|typically positive
junk|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
passageway|maze|IsA|public place
lightning|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
dinner|clothes|IsA|made of wood
desktop|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
conference|theater|IsA|planet
bicycle|street|IsA|mode of transportation
roadway|street|CapableOf|be parked on
classroom|university|CapableOf|have people  inside
house|park|PartOf|body
workplace|school|IsA|place
porch|bed|CapableOf|store
castle|school|PartOf|house 
enjoyment|entertaining|IsA|activity
bed|floor|AtLocation|in home
garbage|floor|IsA|place
death|sweat|HasA|physical element
park|canada|MadeOf|plastic
kitchen|cup|CapableOf|store things
shoe|blanket|HasProperty|something you can carry
joy|cleanliness|CapableOf|be physically touched
classroom|backpack|IsA|building
stamps|backpack|UsedFor|eating
backpack|clothes|HasProperty|an object
valley|outside|IsA|country
chair|cabinet|IsA|alive
junk|furniture|PartOf|house
bathroom|company|IsA|public place
food|thinking|IsA|colorful
valley|town|IsA|part of a municipality
windowsill|greenhouse|PartOf|glass
library|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
oven|silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
playground|pond|IsA|place people work and live
utensils|cabinet|MadeOf|plastic
apartment|bedroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
porch|garage|CapableOf|storing food
pantry|basement|HasA|door
pond|canada|IsA|country
mansion|town|UsedFor| gathering together
fish|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
opera|tent|IsA|social event
balloon|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
stable|switzerland|IsA|animal
nebraska|valley|IsA|business that serves food
hotel|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
montana|circus|IsA|place or location
mess|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
moon|street|AtLocation|at a home
office|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
arizona|colorado|AtLocation|labeled on a map
disneyland|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
trees|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
restaurant|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
synagogue|theater|IsA|part of a human
plane|concert|UsedFor|flying
passageway|building|HasA|beds
information|library|UsedFor|reading
knowledge|money|HasProperty|typically positive
basement|warehouse|IsA|structure or building
car|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
outside|nature|IsA|part of a house
basement|restaurant|IsA|place or location
restaurant|homes|HasProperty|child friendly
russia|heaven|IsA|place where money is kept
encyclopedia|desktop|UsedFor|storage of physical items
wall|picture|CapableOf|show you time
refrigerator|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
condiments|container|UsedFor|keeping things cool
classroom|roof|AtLocation|in your room
office|computer|PartOf|admin role
water|glass|UsedFor|eating or drinking
happiness|anger|IsA|emotion
store|roof|HasA|ceiling
park|forest|HasProperty|somewhere to go
pantry|cup|IsA|type of food
tent|people|HasProperty|part of a human
burrow|wilderness|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
shop|library|IsA|physical item 
bed|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
party|air|IsA|product that people buy
store|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
school|house|IsA|place or location to visit
rug|furniture|HasA|ceiling
movies|funeral|IsA|part of the body
yard|park|UsedFor|children to play
stamps|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
bowl|bathroom|AtLocation|in a house
theater|buildings|IsA|location
shed|closet|CapableOf|be used for storage
porch|dishwasher|IsA|building
desktop|briefcase|IsA|building
garage|sleep|IsA|store items
passageway|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
backpack|closet|IsA|1 syllable word
theater|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
motion|stretch|AtLocation|on the body
park|car|AtLocation|inside a house
school|elevator|CapableOf|be heard
mind|person|IsA|action
cage|heaven|UsedFor|cooking
china|subdivision|IsA|state
pot|cabinet|IsA|building
anger|teaching|IsA|negative emotion
oven|table|AtLocation|in a house
encyclopedia|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
change|casino|UsedFor|living
garden|forest|IsA|nature-related
cabinet|chair|IsA|alive
microwave|lamp|AtLocation|in office blocks
toilet|bathroom|UsedFor|living in
ocean|building|UsedFor|a holiday
disneyland|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
tension|stress|HasA|physical element
pot|cupboard|CapableOf|be used with a computer
restaurant|apartment|HasProperty|a building structure
stress|excitement|IsA|negative emotion
floor|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
funeral|closet|IsA|room in a home
party|church|HasProperty|a place where people sing
good|confusion|PartOf|building
park|building|IsA|nation
headache|revelations|UsedFor|driving
ground|closet|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
dictionary|marmoset|IsA|activity 
city|australia|IsA|place
theater|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
anxiety|food|CapableOf|fly
jungle|backyard|IsA|place or location
container|can|IsA|place for entertainment
container|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
disneyland|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
salad|grape|IsA|vegetable 
suburb|city|IsA|building
office|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
confusion|working|IsA|negative emotion
field|lemur|UsedFor|food
sloth|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
church|bar|UsedFor|ordering a burger
dinner|class|IsA|place to study
case|dinner|IsA|furniture
theater|tent|UsedFor|buying food
closet|rug|AtLocation|on the map
synagogue|montana|IsA|place
roadway|house|HasProperty|a location
shelf|trunk|HasA|door
alcohol|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
house|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
pond|playground|CapableOf|be part of a house
forest|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
sea|ocean|IsA|partially enclosed by land
cat|outside|IsA|animal
meeting|knowledge|IsA|part media
closet|attic|AtLocation|within a building's structure
elevator|human|IsA|place where you can visit
shed|university|AtLocation|within a building's structure
wisconsin|country|HasA|water
utah|michigan|IsA|us state
computer|church|UsedFor|work
problems|crying|IsA|emotion
wedding|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
cinema|mansion|UsedFor| gathering together
building|trees|IsA|country
dance|mind|PartOf|building
bar|groceries|UsedFor|storing things in
refrigerator|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
shed|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
casino|church|IsA|place you can visit
street|store|UsedFor|living
office|security|IsA|object that can be held
remembering|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
jar|container|IsA|piece of furniture
apartment|hallway|IsA|room in a property
inspiration|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
country|fish|HasA|water
water|fun|IsA|place to pray
contemplating|lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
lightning|birds|HasA|physical appearance
river|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
movie|club|AtLocation|in a building
suffering|embarrassment|UsedFor|manifesting joy
snore|junk|HasProperty|a household item
container|sewer|IsA|room (type)
embarrassment|remembering|IsA|negative thing
pocket|locker|UsedFor|reading
table|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
home|roof|CapableOf|move location
motel|hotel|HasA|fee to visit
motion|movement|HasProperty|usually fast
attic|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
computer|toilet|HasProperty|a room
desk|dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
restaurant|pond|IsA|place people work and live
auditorium|monastery|IsA|mental place
shelf|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
information|meeting|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
bread|room|IsA|product that people buy
office|pocket|CapableOf|be used for travel
school|meeting|HasProperty|material
restaurant|movies|IsA|event
jail|hotel|IsA|building
wall|door|HasProperty|found in a house
demonstration|kitchen|HasProperty|able to be entered
human|love|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
apartment|woods|HasProperty|a room
canada|government|AtLocation|on map
subdivision|china|CapableOf|be parked on
trash|mail|IsA|room in a home
concert|opera|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
onions|bread|IsA|location or room
house|lamp|HasProperty|1 syllable
apartment|woods|AtLocation|in a building
lamp|telephone|AtLocation|inside someone's home
television|library|AtLocation|in a store
town|disneyland|IsA|place or location
trouble|country|IsA|concept or place
bathroom|hallway|IsA|room in a house
restaurant|supermarket|IsA|type of business
dinner|knowledge|IsA|part media
suburbs|neighborhood|HasProperty|a country
sweetness|happiness|HasA|punish
california|arboretum|UsedFor|storing food
porch|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
supermarket|refrigerator|IsA|food
kitchen|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
dance|carnival|CapableOf|be heard
classroom|bar|HasA|usually have people inside
lake|bird|IsA|natural thing
floor|furniture|IsA|store items
injury|fear|CapableOf|fly
remembering|knowledge|HasProperty|a physical item
radio|closet|IsA|place in a house
bedroom|sky|IsA|item of furniture
restaurant|bathroom|CapableOf|be opened/closed
theater|church|UsedFor|buying food
homes|castle|HasProperty|plural
picture|clock|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
stamps|case|IsA|furniture
jail|church|IsA|place
television|garbage|HasProperty|known as dirty
continent|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
bedroom|bathroom|AtLocation|in a building
kitchen|outside|IsA|place to store items
refrigerator|apartment|CapableOf|be opened/closed
desert|street|IsA|vacation destination
beach|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
cabinet|refrigerator|IsA|object
junk|attic|HasProperty|an animal
home|store|AtLocation|in a house
desires|nightmares|PartOf|human body
sleep|dream|IsA|emotion
door|windowsill|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
university|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
happiness|love|IsA|emotion
bathroom|elevator|CapableOf|be heard
library|computer|IsA|ground where child play
ground|california|IsA|looks like house
room|car|HasProperty|associated with drinking
beach|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
game|movie|HasA|person stood at the front
refrigerator|table|IsA|place to store items
hospital|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
montana|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
neighborhood|street|HasA|buildings in it
backyard|pond|CapableOf|be part of a house
country|control|CapableOf|make you do something
outside|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
closet|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
car|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
pain|agreement|IsA|sad emotion
suburb|driveway|HasProperty|a location
desktop|car|CapableOf|employ people
couch|concert|UsedFor|work
university|room|IsA|place
windowsill|countryside|IsA|living thing
cupboard|bathroom|IsA|food
town|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
imagination|desk|UsedFor|praying
classroom|buildings|UsedFor| gathering together
excavation|beaver|IsA|country
groceries|bottle|AtLocation|in a kitchen
refrigerator|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
store|supermarket|IsA|location
field|thinking|IsA|part media
coffee|stuff|CapableOf|be held in your hands
groceries|den|CapableOf|be moved around
garage|computer|HasProperty|a room
supermarket|carnival|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
dinner|house|HasProperty|removable
state|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
earth|town|IsA|part of a human
safe|encyclopedia|IsA|physical tangible object
store|nest|HasProperty|man-made
chair|god|UsedFor|praying
city|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
stomach|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
drugstore|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
skate|germany|CapableOf|be heard
sunshine|drink|CapableOf|be currently visited
field|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
forest|desert|IsA|natural thing
state|minnesota|IsA|building
convention|tent|IsA|social event
windowsill|street|IsA|vacation destination
encyclopedia|class|HasProperty|a meal
briefcase|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
pain|trauma|HasProperty|typically positive
refrigerator|pot|UsedFor|storing things in
sky|nest|CapableOf|fly
clouds|television|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
house|container|UsedFor|cooking
ground|dust|UsedFor|storage
depression|crying|IsA|emotion
forest|nature|IsA|natural thing
cage|sky|CapableOf|fly
human|doctor|IsA|person
concert|home|CapableOf|have people  inside
restaurant|floor|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
bowl|desk|IsA|something found in a household
apartment|bathroom|UsedFor|car repair
pot|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
floor|desk|AtLocation|above the ground
countryside|suburbs|IsA|place
bedroom|bathroom|IsA|type of room
telephone|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
outdoors|backyard|HasA|walls
college|restaurant|HasA|pool
utensils|trash|IsA|place
school|animals|PartOf|the human body
room|roof|IsA|part of a house
crying|knowledge|IsA|feeling/emotion
jar|condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
action|street|UsedFor|living
effort|stretch|CapableOf|cause injury
cabinet|porch|IsA|building
store|school|UsedFor|a holiday
glass|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
lemur|russia|MadeOf|paper
stamps|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
chair|trunk|UsedFor|storing things
dog|bird|IsA|a animal
clothes|floor|IsA|1 syllable word
love|laughter|IsA|emotion
table|park|AtLocation|inside a house
dance|conference|IsA|room in a house
homes|factory|HasProperty|visited by tourists
town|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
stomach|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
newspaper|head|HasProperty|a meal
car|room|CapableOf|be entered
school|television|IsA|part of the body
mess|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
garage|shed|IsA|place
playground|pennsylvania|MadeOf|plastic
pot|toilet|IsA|building
toilet|mouse|AtLocation|inside a house
kitchen|food|UsedFor|storage
desert|arctic|PartOf|city
tent|opera|UsedFor|buying food
city|countryside|IsA|residential area
synagogue|earth|IsA|place you buy food
restaurant|beach|IsA|nation
shock|crying|IsA|negative thing
restaurant|apartment|CapableOf| be moved
fox|mountains|IsA|natural scenario
house|sink|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
drawer|cupboard|CapableOf|slide open
action|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
wedding|theater|UsedFor| gathering together
bedroom|kitchen|UsedFor|urination
hospital|bedroom|IsA|item of clothing
god|church|IsA|place of religion
sorrow|trauma|IsA|positive thing
town|buildings|UsedFor| gathering together
doctor|mexico|MadeOf|by man
subdivision|town|CapableOf|be parked on
home|floor|UsedFor|cooling
loft|store|IsA|building
desert|excavation|UsedFor|digging 
airport|hallway|IsA|type /part of building
briefcase|museum|CapableOf|be worn
montana|ocean|IsA|religious card
neighborhood|suburbs|IsA|place where you can live
wedding|chair|IsA|place or location
casino|store|IsA|thing you have on person
refrigerators|pantry|HasA|empty space in it
library|knowledge|IsA|place for students
coffee|plate|UsedFor|eating
room|roof|HasA|ceiling
trunk|shed|UsedFor|storing physical things
passageway|wall|IsA|business
woods|house|AtLocation|in a building
classroom|university|IsA|location
backyard|trouble|IsA|animal
excitement|agreement|IsA|verb
pain|crying|PartOf|mental disorder
garage|building|UsedFor|worship
competing|fight|HasProperty|about  clashes
book|library|HasA|screen
opera|lamp|UsedFor|work
storage|factory|CapableOf|work
classroom|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
radio|internet|UsedFor|news
apartment|market|IsA|sweet or savory
mexico|backyard|IsA|country
movie|stamps|IsA|something you eat off
airplane|birds|CapableOf|move freely
table|dog|AtLocation|on the map
shelf|backpack|IsA|made of wood
television|nature|IsA|store items
floor|roof|CapableOf|sleeping
party|shoes|AtLocation|inside a house
casino|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
thinking|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
homes|human|UsedFor|education
smiles|like|IsA|emotion
roof|trees|AtLocation|outside
closet|attic|AtLocation|indoors
supermarket|montana|HasProperty|an event
tennessee|fox|IsA|state in uk
book|encyclopedia|IsA|place for students
teacher|cabinet|IsA|place people can visit
dishwasher|mouse|CapableOf|be used with a computer
container|bar|IsA|type of business
park|yard|UsedFor|swimming
thinking|contemplating|UsedFor|driving
building|classroom|IsA|ceremony
sleep|crying|MadeOf|wood
leaves|field|AtLocation|outside
church|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
refrigerator|restaurant|IsA|food
meeting|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
dentist|porch|IsA|physical item 
den|groceries|HasA|door
school|food|IsA|part of the body
demonstration|table|UsedFor|learning
college|bathroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
airport|closet|IsA|item of clothing
corner|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
wallet|purse|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bathroom|michigan|IsA|living thing
earth|people|IsA|place you buy food
floor|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
laughter|empathy|IsA|something considered as positive
garage|closet|UsedFor|storing things
pleasure|pride|IsA|feeling
farmyard|field|AtLocation|outside
freeway|bathroom|IsA|business
telephone|radio|IsA|tv show
jar|front|HasA|to do with planets
school|outside|IsA|in a home
contemplating|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
stamps|movie|IsA|something you eat off
instruction|remembering|IsA|positive thing
pan|oven|CapableOf|cook
funeral|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
wilderness|trees|HasProperty|cold
bubblegum|jar|HasA|function
nails|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
closet|attic|CapableOf|make sounds
apartment|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
humans|universe|IsA|place you can visit
nature|cat|HasProperty|a household item
meeting|information|MadeOf|paper
town|house|CapableOf|be parked on
suburbs|china|IsA|residential area
map|desktop|UsedFor|reading
roadway|countryside|IsA|state
dinner|backpack|IsA|furniture
cellar|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
canada|forest|IsA|place people work and live
carpet|dust|AtLocation|on the floor
embarrassment|depression|IsA|emotion
building|bathroom|IsA|type of room
porch|cabinet|IsA|building
sorrow|depression|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
butterflies|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
arguments|joy|CapableOf|happiness
bar|kitchen|IsA|piece of furniture
teacher|container|IsA|place where students learn
toilet|moon|HasProperty|a building
birds|injury|HasA|physical appearance
apartment|school|IsA|pencil
table|case|UsedFor|storage
film|dishwasher|IsA|dish
cage|nest|PartOf|house
restaurants|dinner|UsedFor|eating or drinking
opera|conference|UsedFor|buying food
demonstration|forest|IsA|inanimate object
restaurant|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
classroom|nails|UsedFor|writing
computer|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
backyard|yard|IsA|place people work and live
meeting|television|HasProperty|a publication
store|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
canada|restaurant|IsA|country
loft|shed|CapableOf|part  of a household
safe|class|IsA|place to study
sewer|disneyland|HasProperty|found below ground level
box|street|IsA|place to pray
newspaper|yard|IsA|place where you can live
stuff|dinner|CapableOf|be held in your hands
cat|sleep|IsA|place
container|beer|IsA|type of business
locker|museum|UsedFor|reading
assessment|conference|IsA|human or part of human
shelf|product|UsedFor|dinner
carpet|television|HasProperty|used for storage
meeting|library|IsA|part media
plants|windowsill|PartOf|body
floor|trunk|UsedFor|keeping things inside
michigan|city|AtLocation|inside a house
like|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
head|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
bearing|field|UsedFor|farmers 
refrigerators|food|IsA|  place
airport|store|UsedFor|borrowing books
butterflies|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
house|bedroom|IsA|room
box|wedding|IsA|part of the body
restaurant|playground|UsedFor|swimming
potatoes|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
bedroom|desktop|UsedFor|work
school|cave|UsedFor|a holiday
sewer|garage|UsedFor|cooking
backpack|map|CapableOf|be used for travel
bus|maine|AtLocation|on a map
house|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
gate|bathroom|HasA|airplanes
library|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
pleasure|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
desktop|corner|IsA|room
toilet|stadium|MadeOf|bricks
town|convention|IsA|place
supermarket|store|IsA|food
bowl|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
ceiling|airplane|IsA|place to sleep
game|suit|UsedFor|learning
bedroom|refrigerator|AtLocation|indoors
supermarket|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
headache|arguments|MadeOf|golden
laughter|agreement|IsA|verb
fun|like|IsA|physical emotion
supermarket|school|CapableOf|be eaten
stove|condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
concert|classroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
universe|space|UsedFor|containing objects
table|utensils|UsedFor|storage
restaurant|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
drawer|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
america|florida|IsA|place
snow|texas|MadeOf|metal
ground|home|UsedFor|storing food
desk|stamps|IsA|dish
money|florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
confusion|person|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
wilderness|hole|IsA|country
sky|beach|HasProperty|man-made
church|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
outdoors|nature|IsA|1 syllable word
work|book|AtLocation|library
apartment|theater|IsA|planet
desk|stamps|UsedFor|eating
earth|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
coats|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
pot|dishwasher|IsA|building
city|suburbs|IsA|rural region
conference|cabinet|IsA|place where students learn
hairbrush|funeral|PartOf|the human body
store|closet|IsA|room in a home
refrigerator|toilet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
jar|box|IsA|object
store|bowl|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
utensils|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
change|key|CapableOf|keeping cash
table|garage|HasA|doors
mountain|park|HasProperty|a country
dishwasher|dishes|IsA|furniture 
library|manual|CapableOf|be held in your hand
park|plants|MadeOf|glass
homes|home|PartOf|house 
city|street|IsA|building
earth|synagogue|UsedFor|camping
classroom|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
house|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
body|theater|IsA|house where man live
park|house|PartOf|body
demonstration|palace|PartOf|the human body
countryside|montana|HasProperty|a country
wilderness|france|MadeOf|metal
battle|workplace|IsA|country
thinking|safe|HasProperty|a meal
restaurant|spoon|HasProperty|related to eating
telephone|lamp|AtLocation|inside someone's home
chocolate|candy|IsA|event
refrigerator|store|CapableOf|be sweet
computer|bar|AtLocation|in a building
pride|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
elevator|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
library|theater|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
classroom|museum|UsedFor|reading
bedroom|stomach|MadeOf|metal
store|egypt|IsA|country
computer|office|IsA|pencil
internet|information|MadeOf|paper
palace|house|HasA|exterior walls
backpack|kitchen|AtLocation|in a home
greenhouse|house|HasA|head
moss|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
garage|house|UsedFor|mainly sleep
toilet|water|HasProperty|a building
motel|library|IsA|ground where child play
warehouse|garage|MadeOf|water
loft|hairbrush|IsA|place to sleep
outside|mountain|HasProperty|a country
mountains|marmoset|IsA|place
papers|desktop|AtLocation|at home
can|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
theater|apartment|IsA|commercial browser
apartment|wedding|IsA|part of a human
locker|desktop|IsA|building
frustration|communication|IsA|happy card
communication|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
field|heaven|IsA|animal
kitchen|wilderness|IsA|place or location to visit
office|garden|CapableOf|have people  inside
lightning|fear|CapableOf|fly
sink|chicken|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
suburb|countryside|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
battle|death|HasA|physical element
conference|town|IsA|place
hole|wilderness|MadeOf|sand
city|army|IsA|object/thing
classroom|library|IsA|book
injuries|defeat|IsA|positive card
anger|confusion|HasA|ltr p
refrigerator|trash|HasProperty|found in the garden
apartment|tent|IsA|place
box|sky|CapableOf|fly
building|loft|CapableOf|move location
museum|apartment|UsedFor|urination
ground|garden|HasA|head
attic|toronto|AtLocation|in home
kitchen|building|MadeOf|wood
trunk|mail|IsA|structure or building
lightning|action|IsA|negative emotion
sky|bathroom|IsA|living thing
peanuts|lights|UsedFor|travel
supermarket|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
room|closet|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
books|drawer|IsA|furniture 
hospital|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
cup|oven|HasA|empty space in it
office|hotel|CapableOf|have a street address
blood|war|HasA|exterior walls
town|conference|IsA|planet
desktop|telephone|HasProperty|a property 
container|plate|IsA|location or room
bar|church|UsedFor|ordering a burger
theater|store|IsA|thing you have on person
yard|park|IsA|nation
kitchen|cupboard|CapableOf|be found in a house
discovery|reflection|IsA|colorful
bedroom|container|UsedFor|cooking
plants|air|IsA|location
person|mind|IsA|action
inside|wedding|IsA|place or location
electricity|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
basement|den|HasA|ceiling
pot|garage|CapableOf|cooking
bedroom|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
warehouse|cellar|AtLocation|within a building's structure
backyard|countryside|IsA|nature-related
sleep|garage|IsA|animal
refrigerator|onions|IsA|location or room
warehouse|bag|IsA|room in a home
museum|bar|UsedFor|car repair
outside|fox|IsA|place
embarrassment|knowledge|IsA|negative thing
action|lightning|IsA|emotion
building|furniture|IsA|ceremony
box|movies|IsA|place
beer|can|HasProperty|a beverage
entertainment|farm|IsA|mode of transport
classroom|apartment|IsA|room
fox|louisiana|IsA|country
thinking|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
apartment|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
cut|performing|IsA|colorful
clouds|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
dust|table|MadeOf|food
drawer|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
heaven|cage|UsedFor|food
bar|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
school|supermarket|IsA|place
battlefield|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
commercial|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
butterflies|pride|IsA|negative emotion
cupboard|table|IsA|made of wood
house|cabinet|HasProperty|found below ground level
nightmares|dreams|PartOf|human body
carnival|person|PartOf|building
television|families|IsA|public building
school|demonstration|UsedFor|student
outside|roof|AtLocation|indoors
store|food|IsA|tableware
rain|sun|AtLocation|at a home
convention|theater|IsA|commercial browser
room|furniture|IsA|type of building
dog|table|AtLocation|inside a house
floor|doctor|CapableOf|store
rock|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
refrigerator|bottle|UsedFor|storing things in
desert|forest|HasProperty|very cold
arkansas|fox|HasA|even number of letter
windowsill|sunbathers|IsA|person
cupboard|bowl|CapableOf| be moved
nature|microwave|IsA|animal
river|restaurant|IsA|place or location
shelf|wall|UsedFor|storage
australia|america|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
locker|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
freeway|safe|CapableOf|be lived in
work|valley|AtLocation|on a map
depression|nightmares|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
road|bridge|HasProperty|made by humans
anger|satisfaction|IsA|negative emotion
suburb|valley|IsA|business that serves food
drinking|fun|IsA|physical emotion
sink|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
microwave|trouble|IsA|animal
garden|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
apartment|california|IsA|looks like house
cabinet|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
animals|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
empathy|enjoyment|IsA|emotion
classroom|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
kitchen|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
home|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
disneyland|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
instruction|controversy|IsA|emotion
dishwasher|refrigerator|IsA|place to make food
pot|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
anxiety|lightning|CapableOf|fly
stove|plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
store|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
wallet|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
park|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
buildings|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
bearing|landfill|UsedFor|farmers 
homes|restaurant|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
stuff|backpack|CapableOf|be held in your hands
cupboard|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
bedroom|computer|IsA|study room
garden|river|IsA|big space
wisconsin|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
palace|house|IsA|type of building
church|garden|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
pocket|desk|IsA|necessity for education
field|market|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
television|newspaper|PartOf|the human body
inspiration|fun|IsA|n emotion
building|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
building|passageway|UsedFor|reading books
california|florida|AtLocation|within the usa
refrigerator|apartment|IsA|food
movie|wallet|IsA|something found in a household
office|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
book|notebook|IsA|building
pantry|supermarket|HasA|door
jail|house|CapableOf|hold people against their will
table|clothing|UsedFor|reading
michigan|warehouse|UsedFor|generating products or plants
toilet|museum|UsedFor|car repair
garage|woods|HasA|usually have people inside
wall|shelf|IsA|place to store items
information|thinking|PartOf|human mind
thinking|injury|IsA|emotion
change|church|CapableOf|keeping cash
office|circus|UsedFor|praying
wilderness|seaside|CapableOf|be read
pain|hunger|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
supermarket|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
montana|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
heaven|lemur|MadeOf|paper
garage|pool|IsA|physical item 
building|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
opera|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
food|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
ceiling|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
bathroom|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
yard|newspaper|IsA|state
hospital|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
laughter|happiness|IsA|verb
store|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
shelf|clock|MadeOf|paper
bed|clothing|CapableOf|store
lamp|television|IsA|physical and movable item
home|apartment|IsA|type of tree
homes|school|CapableOf|move freely
president|trouble|HasA|movie
glass|table|IsA|furniture 
room|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
lamp|ocean|UsedFor|reading books
waterfall|continent|HasProperty|human made
shed|box|UsedFor|storing physical things
sunshine|moon|CapableOf|be currently visited
food|candy|IsA|public building
countryside|city|HasProperty|a country
school|house|HasA|usually have people inside
shelf|pantry|IsA|furniture 
conference|teacher|UsedFor|carrying things
table|glass|MadeOf|metal
utensils|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
funeral|hotel|IsA|part of the body
bathroom|homes|UsedFor|travel
library|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
sun|sea|IsA|vacation destination
beach|summer|HasProperty|hot
balloon|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
fun|smiles|IsA|verb
bathroom|school|IsA|in a home
desktop|notebook|HasA|walls
warehouse|storage|MadeOf|water
movie|stamps|IsA|dish
drugs|doctor|CapableOf|promote health
disneyland|sugar|HasProperty|found below ground level
countryside|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
ceiling|work|MadeOf|paper
opera|people|IsA|place you buy food
work|office|IsA|country or state
hotel|closet|IsA|item of clothing
enemies|injuries|HasProperty|about  clashes
classroom|church|IsA|object that can be held
thinking|anxiety|IsA|emotion
bedroom|attic|UsedFor|cooking
food|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
dinner|coffee|IsA|piece of furniture
wallet|purse|HasA|function
motion|exercise|AtLocation|on the body
laughter|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
briefcase|office|IsA|piece of furniture
silverware|desktop|HasProperty|made of wood
ground|home|IsA|place where people live
hotel|cave|IsA|public place
tears|laughter|IsA|verb
church|theater|UsedFor|buying food
passageway|hotel|IsA|place to live
food|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
pocket|manual|IsA|necessity for education
paper|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
cabinet|box|MadeOf|plastic
tent|wedding|IsA|place
drawer|cupboard|CapableOf|be opened
cinema|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
happiness|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
bedroom|sun|CapableOf|move location
library|lamp|IsA|n electronic device
backpack|drawer|IsA|furniture 
park|backyard|IsA|outdoor area
bedroom|museum|IsA|room
highway|freeway|HasA|people living on
wedding|theater|HasProperty|a gathering place
cupboard|bathroom|CapableOf|be opened/closed
boat|chicken|IsA|physical item 
bathroom|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
conference|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
synagogue|map|UsedFor|reading
idaho|cafe|HasProperty|something you can touch
conference|confession|HasA|ticket box usually
picture|switzerland|MadeOf|plastic
table|manual|IsA|necessity for education
table|door|MadeOf|wood
meeting|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
library|encyclopedia|HasProperty|related to studying
ocean|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
oven|stove|AtLocation|in a house
junk|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
roof|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
telephone|shop|IsA|study room
greenhouse|ground|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
desert|valley|IsA|1 syllable word
junk|chair|PartOf|house
mouse|porch|IsA|furniture
disneyland|kitchen|IsA|furniture
garage|junk|AtLocation|in home
house|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
montana|suburbs|IsA|residential area
desert|montana|UsedFor|digging 
television|electricity|UsedFor|worship
office|desktop|CapableOf|be used for travel
mansion|school|IsA|type of building
tree|garden|IsA|animal
fingernails|street|HasA|first letter c
motel|town|UsedFor|milking cows
city|freeway|IsA|proper noun
cabinet|conference|IsA|place where students learn
party|computer|IsA|building
forest|windowsill|MadeOf|trees
depression|pain|IsA|emotion
closet|school|IsA|item of clothing
city|universe|IsA|place
kitchen|garden|IsA|location
water|ocean|IsA|man made
apartment|park|HasA|ticket box usually
knowledge|problems|IsA|emotion
table|vase|UsedFor|storing items
desktop|table|CapableOf|opened or closed
trash|trunk|IsA|structure or building
airport|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
park|sky|IsA|animal
action|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
confusion|museum|CapableOf|be heard
valley|creek|MadeOf|trees
countryside|forest|IsA|living/once living
bathroom|michigan|HasProperty|man-made
wallet|stamps|IsA|something you eat off
bedroom|classroom|IsA|room
bridge|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
action|jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
church|tent|IsA|house where man live
montana|opera|IsA|house where man live
pocket|locker|IsA|building
home|room|IsA|part of a house
fun|car|IsA|emotion
jar|candy|IsA|part of the body
outdoors|countryside|MadeOf|trees
key|change|CapableOf|hold objects
kitchen|window|IsA|furniture
action|cut|CapableOf|fly
opera|town|IsA|social event
plants|roof|PartOf|body
sunbathers|summer|HasProperty|hot
warehouse|attic|AtLocation|within a building's structure
montana|heaven|UsedFor|praying
tent|town|HasProperty|part of a human
jar|answer|HasA|to do with planets
toilet|jar|PartOf|kitchen
river|medium|UsedFor|transportation
hole|cage|MadeOf|paper
forest|rain|AtLocation|at america
shelf|floor|IsA|made of wood
key|change|CapableOf|keeping cash
opera|class|PartOf|building
desert|beaver|IsA|american state
cabinet|desk|IsA|necessity for education
shelf|work|MadeOf|paper
dishwasher|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
trunk|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
pantry|container|IsA|type of food
synagogue|inside|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
floor|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
sky|woods|IsA|1 syllable word
supermarket|synagogue|IsA|home
plate|desk|IsA|something found in a household
classroom|mansion|UsedFor|putting on a show
television|museum|HasProperty|a room
disneyland|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
home|bowl|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
jail|room|HasA|usually have people inside
nature|ceiling|IsA|car
suburbs|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
kitchens|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
bathtub|fingernails|HasA|first letter c
beach|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
cave|passageway|IsA|business
glass|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
garage|warehouse|CapableOf|be made with bricks
skyscraper|doorway|PartOf|house 
kitchen|house|HasA|usually have people inside
france|swamp|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
woods|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
money|key|HasA|function
sea|street|HasProperty|hot
town|park|UsedFor|swimming
outside|table|IsA|place to store items
desktop|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
bedroom|television|IsA|study room
playground|mexico|AtLocation|outside
opera|montana|IsA|house where man live
opera|town|IsA|location
cat|bedroom|IsA|part of a house
street|disneyland|IsA|type of place
house|war|PartOf|the human body
dinner|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
rug|loft|UsedFor|decoration
electricity|theater|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
cabinet|pantry|CapableOf|be moved around
confusion|skate|PartOf|building
pocket|action|UsedFor|living
desert|seattle|IsA|popular attraction
office|market|IsA|type /part of building
briefcase|store|IsA|school supply
greenhouse|park|PartOf|glass
desktop|roof|IsA|place to store items
shelf|store|UsedFor|to keep items
soup|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
field|color|HasProperty|a meal
sink|cupboard|MadeOf|metal
agreement|love|IsA|negative feeling
city|town|IsA|state
roof|bedroom|IsA|specific part of a structure
gentleman|church|UsedFor|learning
building|theater|IsA|ceremony
restaurant|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
shelf|drawer|IsA|furniture 
building|warehouse|CapableOf|be made with bricks
classroom|table|UsedFor|learning
company|car|HasA|use electricity
pain|dream|IsA|emotion
staircase|bathroom|IsA|type of building
depression|problems|HasProperty|linked to food
dentist|jail|CapableOf|store
university|toilet|IsA|furniture
shelf|cabinet|UsedFor|storage of physical items
television|computer|UsedFor|worship
mexico|playground|UsedFor|driving on or over
kitchen|market|HasProperty|for buying things
drawer|table|IsA|room or building
glass|floor|CapableOf|be used for school
house|floor|IsA|made of wood
jar|pocket|IsA|piece of furniture
beach|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
library|head|IsA|place for students
street|yard|HasProperty|a location
microwave|backyard|IsA|part of a property
town|opera|UsedFor|buying food
market|bowl|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
garbage|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
factory|garage|MadeOf|water
effort|exercise|HasProperty|tiring
garage|cupboard|HasA|doors
pantry|apartment|IsA|furniture
classroom|cinema|HasProperty|a gathering place
mouse|disneyland|IsA|room
song|voice|IsA|electronic device
corner|dirt|HasA|feet to stand 
stomach|glass|MadeOf|metal
performing|food|CapableOf|fly
kitchens|kitchen|IsA|location or room
bed|magazine|CapableOf|store
water|hallway|HasProperty|white
university|dinner|IsA|part media
agreement|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
church|apartment|IsA|place you buy food
ocean|closet|IsA|place to live
america|freeway|CapableOf|be read
street|suburb|HasA|buildings in it
basement|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
airport|classroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
garage|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
beach|trees|IsA|place people work and live
shock|sorrow|IsA|feeling/emotion
demonstration|synagogue|IsA|sound
airport|bathroom|AtLocation|mostly inside
restaurant|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
closet|trunk|UsedFor|storing things in
roadway|yard|HasA|buildings in it
disneyland|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
like|tears|IsA|physical emotion
city|egypt|UsedFor|digging 
shock|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
market|bowl|IsA|food
freeway|america|IsA|place
wall|roof|IsA|place to store items
telephone|computer|IsA|ground where child play
train|city|UsedFor|over night stays 
cabinet|office|UsedFor|reading
museum|locker|UsedFor|reading
house|sun|HasProperty|white
conference|classroom|IsA|place people can visit
cave|passageway|HasA|airplanes
action|cut|HasA|physical appearance
supermarket|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
newspaper|town|IsA|state
garage|garbage|IsA|place
box|trunk|IsA|structure or building
entertaining|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
garage|cellar|CapableOf|be used for storage
war|person|PartOf|building
cabinet|classroom|IsA|school supply
village|yard|AtLocation|in your company
manual|classroom|IsA|book
table|desktop|IsA|place to store items
birds|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
dinner|trunk|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
university|color|UsedFor|studying
prison|forest|IsA|place
suit|club|UsedFor|learning
peanuts|box|HasA|to do with planets
building|passageway|UsedFor|a holiday
clothing|utensils|HasProperty|an object
coffee|stuff|IsA|furniture
trouble|control|IsA|object/thing
garage|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
erections|desires|AtLocation|usually in a bed
problems|shock|IsA|something a baby could have
park|summer|HasProperty|hot
choir|radio|IsA|tv show
lamp|nature|IsA|car
birds|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
food|home|IsA|tableware
backpack|locker|IsA|building
valley|yard|AtLocation|indoors
furniture|loft|AtLocation|inside a person's home
bathroom|restaurant|IsA|room
computer|garden|UsedFor|work
bedroom|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
restaurant|windowsill|AtLocation|at a famous university
briefcase|container|IsA|piece of furniture
library|home|CapableOf|store
table|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
nebraska|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
ocean|fly|UsedFor|transportation
park|pond|IsA|place people work and live
river|sink|UsedFor|transportation
can|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
waterfall|valley|IsA|man made
case|table|IsA|dish
confession|people|UsedFor|praying
hospital|bedroom|HasA|bed for sleeping
sunbathers|moon|IsA|vacation destination
california|prison|CapableOf|be read
pantry|container|IsA|piece of furniture
groceries|can|UsedFor|storing things in
crying|embarrassment|UsedFor|manifesting joy
hairbrush|house|PartOf|the human body
container|plate|AtLocation|in a house
shelf|vase|UsedFor|at home
birds|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
furniture|office|UsedFor|reading
motel|party|IsA|ground where child play
toilet|television|HasProperty|a room
apartment|ocean|IsA|building
roof|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
city|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
bed|floor|IsA|place
cupboard|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
lamp|library|UsedFor|reading books
chocolate|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
salad|carrots|IsA|sweet or savory
woods|sky|MadeOf|water
container|boxes|HasProperty|found below ground level
books|manual|CapableOf|be held in your hand
kitchen|plate|CapableOf|cook things
conference|convention|IsA|planet
demonstration|school|UsedFor|student
pantry|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
aquarium|pond|IsA|small body of water
cellar|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
synagogue|church|UsedFor|praying
shelf|floor|HasProperty|an object
silence|song|AtLocation|on/in the human body
airport|concert|CapableOf|have people  inside
garden|yard|UsedFor|swimming
canada|park|PartOf|house
cabinet|garage|HasA|doors
church|school|IsA|building
school|student|IsA|building
book|internet|CapableOf|be alive
shoes|cup|AtLocation|on the map
mountain|austria|MadeOf|rocks
sunbathers|sunshine|HasProperty|hot
bathtub|theater|IsA|ceremony
pocket|change|IsA|place you can visit
restaurant|frogs|AtLocation|in your home
television|attic|IsA|place
house|opera|UsedFor|worship
desk|montana|UsedFor|praying
home|jail|IsA|room or building
outside|air|MadeOf|natural materials
water|ground|AtLocation|at a home
town|neighborhood|HasA|buildings in it
maine|city|AtLocation|on a map
factory|homes|HasProperty|visited by tourists
cabinet|container|CapableOf|be eaten
clothing|bed|IsA|physical item 
cat|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
ceiling|sky|PartOf|an office
sleep|nature|PartOf|house
office|furniture|UsedFor|reading
cabinet|disneyland|CapableOf|be used with a computer
persia|ceiling|HasA|legs
pain|controversy|IsA|emotion
table|window|HasProperty|found in a house
bar|woods|AtLocation|in a building
factory|building|CapableOf|have people living there
porch|jail|IsA|1 syllable  word
favors|tears|IsA|verb
house|jar|UsedFor|in a bathroom
butterflies|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
building|garden|CapableOf|work
conference|classroom|UsedFor|carrying things
floor|table|UsedFor|sitting on
store|office|IsA|place to live
car|floor|IsA|made of wood
tension|fight|IsA|positive card
president|sun|IsA|book
inside|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
valley|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
club|throne|UsedFor|learning
theater|florida|IsA|place to be entertained
bird|woods|MadeOf|water
oven|glass|HasProperty|made of wood
television|books|AtLocation|in a store
mountains|fox|HasA|multiple definitions
pot|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
boxes|cellar|HasProperty|found below ground level
outside|home|IsA|part of a house
market|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
cellar|shed|CapableOf|part  of a household
apartment|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
remembering|knowing|IsA|emotion
building|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
garage|cat|AtLocation|in home
communication|excitement|IsA|verb
classroom|roof|IsA|specific part of a structure
backpack|notebook|IsA|school supply
garden|countryside|IsA|nation
key|jar|HasProperty|to do with currency
stamps|case|IsA|1 syllable word
picture|clock|AtLocation|library
garbage|floor|HasProperty|a household item
stomach|table|HasA|edible items for sale
table|sink|IsA|furniture 
class|university|IsA|place people can meet
car|backpack|CapableOf|be worn
ocean|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
sleep|television|HasProperty|an animal
suffering|crying|IsA|sad emotion
dancing|communication|IsA|activity
television|bar|AtLocation|in a building
country|america|MadeOf|water
forest|store|IsA|animal
mountain|box|CapableOf|fly
theater|tent|UsedFor|learning
dust|drawer|MadeOf|wood
countryside|trees|IsA|man made thing
control|government|CapableOf|make you do something
head|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
desires|nightmares|IsA|physical object
carrots|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
apartment|floor|IsA|furniture 
suburb|street|IsA|building
park|library|CapableOf|have people physically in it
room|party|IsA|building
trouble|garbage|IsA|store items
wallet|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
closet|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
sky|house|UsedFor|work
death|morgue|IsA|type of fluid
university|color|HasProperty|a meal
store|shelf|HasProperty|an object
building|barn|IsA|place for animals
food|bowl|UsedFor|storage
garage|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
office|bedroom|HasProperty|easily movable
food|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
restaurant|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
rosebush|dog|IsA|place or location
suffering|crying|UsedFor|manifesting joy
yard|trees|IsA|place people work and live
office|kitchen|HasProperty|easily movable
university|park|HasProperty|something you can touch
library|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
montana|neighborhood|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
birds|school|PartOf|house 
bed|table|MadeOf|wood
communication|pain|IsA|negative feeling
glass|apartment|IsA|furniture
pride|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
seattle|forest|HasProperty|associated with the environment
punch|tears|IsA|emotion
bathroom|maze|IsA|business
anxiety|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
human|michigan|IsA|country
cat|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
sunshine|desert|HasProperty|hot
church|conference|IsA|part of a human
car|water|IsA|place
beach|playground|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
stamps|dishwasher|IsA|form of entertainment
library|student|IsA|building
shelf|cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
contemplating|cut|IsA|negative emotion
palace|house|IsA|in a home
telephone|house|IsA|study room
countryside|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
sky|street|IsA|animal
library|internet|AtLocation|on a shelf
circus|park|IsA|place or location
band|battle|IsA|nation symbol
stick|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
refrigerator|desktop|AtLocation|indoors
freeway|gate|IsA|business
library|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
home|porch|IsA|physical item 
humans|university|HasProperty|something you can touch
cafe|university|HasProperty|something you can touch
carpet|floor|IsA|place or location
fun|street|PartOf|house
choir|silence|IsA|electronic device
city|america|CapableOf|be read
table|stomach|HasProperty|edible
ceiling|backyard|PartOf|house
conference|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
box|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
hospital|office|UsedFor|a holiday
problems|remembering|MadeOf|wood
garden|university|IsA|object that can be held
house|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
bowl|spoon|AtLocation|in a house
human|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
school|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
library|workplace|IsA|place
park|cleanliness|PartOf|city
information|television|HasProperty|a meal
notes|inside|IsA|building
favors|communication|IsA|verb
computer|woods|AtLocation|in a building
building|library|CapableOf|have a street address
church|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
bar|museum|IsA|room
office|bathroom|IsA|object that can be held
porch|garage|IsA|furniture
town|neighborhood|IsA|state
kitchen|temple|AtLocation|in your room
communication|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
drawer|case|UsedFor|eating
ocean|valley|AtLocation|in your company
shed|warehouse|AtLocation|within a building's structure
television|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
basement|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
synagogue|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
love|inspiration|IsA|n emotion
desk|office|AtLocation|inside someone's home
toronto|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
park|beach|IsA|nature-related
car|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
table|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
enjoyment|favors|IsA|activity
backpack|coffee|CapableOf|be held in your hands
soup|table|IsA|location
cabinet|bathroom|AtLocation|in a building
wall|roof|UsedFor|storage
outdoors|restaurant|IsA|country
forest|playground|IsA|nation
refrigerator|toilet|IsA|place to make food
countryside|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
radio|song|AtLocation|on/in the human body
garage|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
condiments|cheese|IsA|location or room
inside|container|HasProperty|used for meals
house|shelf|UsedFor|storage
fear|reflection|CapableOf|fly
apartment|synagogue|IsA|commercial browser
house|china|UsedFor|transportation
pantry|cabinet|HasA|ceiling
outside|garage|UsedFor|cooking
concert|road|UsedFor|travel
movement|discipline|AtLocation|on the body
refrigerator|bathroom|IsA|food
factory|attic|MadeOf|water
conference|tent|IsA|place
bedroom|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
tent|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
ground|moon|UsedFor|work
opera|garden|UsedFor|worship
fun|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
medium|glass|IsA|physical item 
conference|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
market|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
can|bar|MadeOf|metal
library|meeting|MadeOf|technology
office|theater|MadeOf|wood
plate|jar|UsedFor|keeping things cool
desk|floor|AtLocation|above the ground
garage|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
plants|park|PartOf|body
forest|playground|HasA|walls
buildings|supermarket|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
cupboard|drawer|IsA|made of wood
program|electricity|MadeOf|wood
skin|earth|IsA|part of a human
field|countryside|IsA|natural product or man made
california|seaside|IsA|place
yard|house|HasA|buildings in it
relaxation|fun|IsA|feeling
trash|kitchen|IsA|building
woods|creek|MadeOf|trees
tent|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
cleanliness|headache|MadeOf|pause
restaurant|store|CapableOf| be moved
auditorium|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
glass|medium|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
table|demonstration|IsA|building
doctor|drawer|CapableOf|store
punishment|tears|HasA|punish
love|newspaper|HasA|use electricity
loft|rug|UsedFor|decoration
theater|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
apartment|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
film|desk|IsA|form of entertainment
bathroom|apartment|CapableOf| be moved
rug|carpet|HasA|animal
purse|wallet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
apartment|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
table|microwave|IsA|something found in a household
action|cut|IsA|negative emotion
backyard|trouble|MadeOf|living parts
television|book|IsA|physical tangible object
garage|california|HasProperty|where someone can live
briefcase|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
michigan|cage|HasProperty|man-made
desktop|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
forest|park|AtLocation|outside
bar|apartment|IsA|room
table|papers|AtLocation|home
band|doctor|MadeOf|by man
bathroom|bedroom|IsA|room
desktop|party|UsedFor|fun
ocean|cage|CapableOf|fly
backpack|box|UsedFor|learning
controversy|depression|IsA|negative thing
arctic|forest|MadeOf|sand
sleep|depression|IsA|emotion
cellar|attic|PartOf|house
furniture|wall|IsA|ceremony
floor|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
briefcase|jar|IsA|piece of furniture
flat|farm|IsA|something you can own
jail|church|HasProperty|outdoors
cupboard|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
key|wallet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bed|table|AtLocation|inside a house
wedding|town|IsA|house where man live
playground|valley|HasA|1 syllable  word
magazines|magazine|CapableOf|store
battle|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
hotel|apartment|IsA|building
book|notebook|UsedFor|reading
happiness|anxiety|IsA|emotion
encyclopedia|university|IsA|part media
pool|water|CapableOf|be used as transport 
burger|table|IsA|location or room
restaurant|garage|HasProperty|a room
dinner|head|IsA|place to study
universe|porch|AtLocation|as part of a house
bottle|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
louisiana|tennessee|HasA|start with a
school|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
supermarket|pocket|UsedFor|living
glass|desktop|HasProperty|edible
box|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
human|drugs|UsedFor|to get a degree
pizza|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
paper|teacher|UsedFor|writing
disneyland|opera|HasA|ticket box usually
michigan|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
jail|love|HasProperty|child friendly
farm|shoes|IsA|something you can own
party|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
attic|street|IsA|place to pray
notebook|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
sink|pool|UsedFor|eating or drinking
school|homes|IsA|place where people work
punch|punishment|CapableOf|cause physical harm
bowl|toilet|IsA|building
bathroom|house|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
school|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
lights|road|IsA|music related event
arboretum|teapot|UsedFor|storing food
sink|bottle|MadeOf|wood
refrigerator|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
suffering|crying|IsA|feeling
learning|dancing|IsA|something considered as positive
attic|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
clouds|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
groceries|pot|MadeOf|metal
stream|nature|IsA|natural thing
book|dinner|IsA|part media
sorrow|shock|IsA|negative thing
jar|house|CapableOf|store small items
car|soup|IsA|physical item 
attic|furniture|IsA|place
pan|food|MadeOf|metal
outside|boxes|IsA|room in a building
train|rock|IsA|place you can live
outdoors|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
office|church|UsedFor|praying
warehouse|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
cup|condiments|IsA|  place
container|trunk|IsA|room in a home
battle|enemies|HasA|physical element
classroom|theater|UsedFor| gathering together
store|box|UsedFor|storing physical things
clouds|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
clouds|manual|PartOf|food and drink
meeting|knowledge|IsA|place to study
television|shop|IsA|ground where child play
newspaper|home|CapableOf|store
supermarket|tent|UsedFor|learning
money|depression|IsA|positive thing
lightning|injury|IsA|colorful
television|party|IsA|study room
boxes|mouse|HasProperty|found below ground level
heaven|hole|AtLocation|in home
dream|knowledge|IsA|emotion
hospital|office|IsA|place to live
loft|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
park|building|CapableOf|be man made
building|backyard|CapableOf|be part of a house
cupboard|food|AtLocation|in  a residence
russia|bank|UsedFor|cooking
container|nails|IsA|place where students learn
table|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
chair|bed|HasProperty|a household item
cupboard|desk|UsedFor|eating
soup|carrots|IsA|sweet or savory
bar|toilet|HasProperty|a room
oven|shelf|HasProperty|edible
cave|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
theater|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
apartment|bedroom|UsedFor|car repair
market|vase|UsedFor|storing items
store|home|IsA|type of room
concert|office|CapableOf|have people  inside
home|bedroom|IsA|part of a house
locker|synagogue|UsedFor|religious services
heaven|school|PartOf|house 
problems|crying|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
knowledge|thinking|HasProperty|related to studying
ground|street|HasProperty|white
passageway|bathroom|HasA|airplanes
sweat|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
closet|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
warehouse|store|CapableOf|part  of a household
attic|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
forest|countryside|IsA|part of nature
clothing|table|CapableOf|be easily carried
town|skin|IsA|part of a human
skin|listening|IsA|emotion
continent|africa|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
field|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
injury|cut|IsA|colorful
stream|creek|IsA|natural thing
desktop|shop|IsA|building
disneyland|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
building|pond|IsA|nation
river|desert|IsA|location
market|home|IsA|type /part of building
earth|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
summer|disneyland|HasProperty|hot
classroom|building|CapableOf|move location
church|apartment|IsA|part of a human
demonstration|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
attic|nature|HasProperty|a household item
garage|shelf|IsA|place to store items
store|closet|UsedFor|to keep items
building|town|IsA|place or location
thinking|contemplating|IsA|colorful
drawer|cupboard|IsA|piece of furniture
opera|theater|IsA|place you buy food
garage|bar|IsA|type of building
palace|house|HasProperty|a type of building
computer|street|HasA|wheels
pleasure|knowledge|MadeOf|wood
disneyland|mouse|CapableOf|be used with a computer
movies|candy|IsA|event
kitchen|window|IsA|furniture 
can|shelf|HasA|plug or power source
carnival|good|IsA|action
radio|ground|IsA|place for clothes
water|basement|IsA|place to pray
television|meeting|UsedFor|reading
computer|television|UsedFor|lighting up a room
hospital|building|HasA|airplanes
kitchen|bathroom|UsedFor|serving
ground|windowsill|IsA|place
nightmares|pain|IsA|something a baby could have
dog|kennel|IsA|outdoor area
outdoors|countryside|CapableOf|be man made
dust|carpet|AtLocation|in a home
colorado|texas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
house|suburbs|IsA|residential area
greenhouse|house|CapableOf|laugh
rug|home|IsA|part of a house
color|television|HasProperty|related to studying
roof|garage|PartOf|house
trash|cupboard|IsA|building
corner|door|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
doctor|table|IsA|type /part of building
bathtub|closet|MadeOf|organic brown matter
beer|can|UsedFor|storing things in
classroom|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
sweat|death|HasProperty|negative in human sense
shop|corner|IsA|study room
synagogue|museum|UsedFor|holding art collections
table|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
glasses|cabinet|IsA|object that can be held
beach|street|IsA|place
forest|street|HasProperty|related to water falling
window|wall|UsedFor|reading
meeting|information|MadeOf|meet
hotel|airport|IsA|item of clothing
kitchen|airport|IsA|type /part of building
dancing|listening|IsA|something specific
program|electricity|UsedFor|work
windowsill|corner|UsedFor|storage
pocket|key|IsA|place you can visit
office|library|UsedFor|reading books
injury|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
attic|drawer|IsA|store items
sink|medium|CapableOf|be used as transport 
disneyland|trash|CapableOf|be used with a computer
balloon|room|PartOf|food and drink
suburb|neighborhood|HasProperty|a country
desktop|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
room|trouble|UsedFor|standing on
town|backyard|UsedFor|children to play
plants|garden|HasA|head
bedroom|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
college|library|HasA|pool
glass|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
garden|building|UsedFor|swimming
mountains|tennessee|IsA|state in uk
pocket|classroom|CapableOf|be used virtually 
pride|action|IsA|emotion
desert|forest|PartOf|city
school|restaurant|HasProperty|a building structure
sky|ground|HasProperty|white
office|computer|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
restaurant|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
thinking|encyclopedia|HasA|screen
house|bread|IsA|product that people buy
street|suburb|IsA|business that serves food
office|bathroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
london|town|HasProperty|a workplace
mexico|factory|MadeOf|by man
problems|sadness|HasProperty|linked to food
trash|box|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
town|mansion|HasProperty|alive
internet|meeting|IsA|thing you can touch
drawer|newspaper|IsA|room or building
warehouse|garage|IsA|place
pantry|window|CapableOf|be used for school
couch|garden|UsedFor|work
backpack|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
school|detroit|PartOf|house 
earth|wedding|IsA|place
refrigerators|pantry|HasProperty|used for meals
country|government|IsA|organization 
mountain|ocean|PartOf|natural landscape
school|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
ocean|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
good|music|PartOf|building
ocean|apartment|IsA|building
book|briefcase|HasA|walls
dinner|room|IsA|product that people buy
briefcase|map|CapableOf|be worn
picture|table|CapableOf|show you time
house|china|MadeOf|sand
florida|michigan|IsA|us state
sink|water|CapableOf|be used as transport 
kitchen|cup|HasA|empty space in it
table|bedroom|UsedFor|work
drawer|shelf|MadeOf|wood
ocean|air|UsedFor|throwing
garage|hotel|CapableOf|hold people against their will
mexico|canada|IsA|place you visit often
junk|trouble|PartOf|house
street|china|HasA|buildings in it
house|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
hotel|house|HasA|pool
sweetness|tears|UsedFor|punish
greenhouse|trash|IsA|furniture
bedroom|building|IsA|item of clothing
floor|home|UsedFor|cooling
church|homes|UsedFor|ordering a burger
floor|wedding|HasProperty|furniture in a house
remembering|instruction|HasProperty|a physical item
room|floor|IsA|informal term for youth
people|opera|IsA|place you buy food
ceiling|floor|PartOf|an office
chair|bathroom|UsedFor|work
car|cup|AtLocation|on the map
controversy|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
building|beach|IsA|nation
closet|shelf|IsA|made of wood
airport|office|CapableOf|have people  inside
war|confusion|PartOf|building
trunk|sink|HasA|door
ceiling|desktop|AtLocation|library
city|michigan|IsA|building
church|michigan|UsedFor|ordering a burger
disneyland|street|IsA|type of place
answer|box|HasA|to do with planets
home|backyard|IsA|animal
concert|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
theater|convention|IsA|commercial browser
junk|trouble|IsA|place
sink|field|HasProperty|made of wood
utensils|store|IsA|made of wood
magazine|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
sewer|store|AtLocation|inside a person's home
supermarket|wedding|IsA|house where man live
television|opera|UsedFor|worship
forest|countryside|MadeOf|trees
park|party|HasProperty|a place you can work
vaccines|dreams|CapableOf|hurt
groceries|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
car|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
desktop|outside|IsA|room
coffee|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
balloon|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
factory|human|MadeOf|by man
corner|telephone|AtLocation|inside someone's home
fox|picture|HasA|multiple definitions
mountains|woods|HasProperty|somewhere to go
container|bread|IsA|location or room
desktop|desk|IsA|building
stomach|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
classroom|locker|HasA|walls
inspiration|hunger|IsA|emotion
yard|driveway|IsA|state
store|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
shelf|drawer|MadeOf|wood
anger|teaching|HasA|ltr p
glass|sink|IsA|furniture 
jar|money|CapableOf|be held in your hands
london|hotel|UsedFor|milking cows
atlas|map|HasA|walls
house|concert|UsedFor|worship
microwave|desktop|HasA|use electricity
injury|food|HasA|physical appearance
good|confusion|IsA|action
church|opera|IsA|place you buy food
summer|sunshine|IsA|person
skate|dance|PartOf|building
bathroom|cinema|HasProperty|alive
restaurant|supermarket|IsA|public building
work|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
ceiling|temple|CapableOf|move location
park|outdoors|UsedFor|children to play
coffee|box|IsA|place
chair|television|HasProperty|an animal
airplane|building|AtLocation|in your room
voice|mouth|IsA|electronic device
school|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
barn|peanuts|IsA|music related event
wall|bathtub|IsA|ceremony
meeting|movie|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
snore|junk|IsA|store items
street|house|HasProperty|white
kitchen|bathtub|IsA|ceremony
desktop|dictionary|CapableOf|be used virtually 
subdivision|town|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
kitchen|hallway|UsedFor|urination
information|field|IsA|place for students
fear|lightning|IsA|colorful
trouble|garage|IsA|animal
furniture|nature|IsA|store items
thinking|action|CapableOf|tell stories
car|park|AtLocation|inside a house
shelf|chair|IsA|necessity for education
television|ground|UsedFor|storage
garden|playground|IsA|place people work and live
street|town|HasA|buildings in it
tears|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
building|hallway|IsA|type of room
school|doorway|UsedFor|travel
restaurant|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
newspaper|jail|CapableOf|store
office|house|IsA|study room
library|factory|IsA|type of building
battle|aircraft|IsA|country
fear|food|CapableOf|fly
forest|america|IsA|place
map|library|CapableOf|be worn
apartment|auditorium|HasProperty|a place where people sing
trauma|nightmares|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
trouble|snore|IsA|animal
car|dust|UsedFor|to keep items
countryside|nest|CapableOf|fly
seaside|city|IsA|place
suburb|town|HasProperty|a location
forest|countryside|PartOf|natural landscape
teapot|ground|IsA|type of tree
barn|synagogue|HasProperty|a type of property
sink|bridge|HasA|pipe system attached
basement|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
box|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
sweat|death|HasA|physical element
bedroom|wall|AtLocation|indoors
park|desk|HasProperty|1 syllable
love|like|IsA|physical emotion
dream|sleep|IsA|emotion
countryside|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
furniture|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
alcohol|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
information|meeting|HasA|screen
russia|australia|UsedFor|food
church|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
garage|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
manual|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
valley|town|IsA|business that serves food
peanuts|jar|UsedFor|drinking 
pocket|container|IsA|piece of furniture
church|university|IsA|object that can be held
casino|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
garage|desktop|AtLocation|home
concert|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
waterfall|ocean|HasA|earth
snore|cat|IsA|store items
smiles|communication|IsA|physical emotion
conference|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
roof|store|UsedFor|decoration
trunk|box|UsedFor|storing physical things
restaurant|homes|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
water|ocean|MadeOf|organic material
concert|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
trauma|inspiration|IsA|emotion
backyard|yard|CapableOf|be part of a house
synagogue|monastery|UsedFor|praying
lamp|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
demonstration|conference|UsedFor|announcing something
drugstore|building|AtLocation|in your room
beach|sky|CapableOf|fly
corner|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
pizza|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
roof|mountain|CapableOf|fly
wedding|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
refrigerator|food|HasProperty|used for meals
box|university|PartOf|house
supermarket|church|IsA|part of a human
boxes|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
bathroom|couch|UsedFor|travel
room|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
bowl|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
house|ground|HasProperty|found in a home
pond|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
town|country|IsA|specific place
stomach|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
yard|suburb|HasProperty|a location
restaurant|backyard|IsA|nation
bathroom|apartment|HasProperty|used for storing cars
books|meeting|AtLocation|in a store
store|rug|CapableOf|sleeping
book|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
cellar|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
meeting|class|HasProperty|a meal
reflection|thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
ceiling|wall|IsA|item of furniture
sunbathers|summer|IsA|place
subdivision|city|UsedFor|expanding development
hotel|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
porch|bowl|IsA|furniture
ceiling|book|HasA|use electricity
bar|desktop|HasProperty|a property 
university|knowledge|IsA|part media
synagogue|church|IsA|house where man live
school|house|IsA|item of clothing
basement|room|IsA|place
joy|arguments|MadeOf|golden
thinking|discovery|CapableOf|fly
books|manual|IsA|place
playground|outside|HasProperty|a country
apartment|earth|IsA|place
building|pond|IsA|place people work and live
joy|cleanliness|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
bar|closet|IsA|type of business
college|house|HasA|pool
park|bed|AtLocation|on the map
house|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
sorrow|shock|IsA|positive thing
wedding|floor|IsA|place or location
embarrassment|trauma|IsA|positive thing
trouble|sleep|IsA|store items
house|garage|UsedFor|storing things inside
apartment|garage|HasProperty|a state in the usa
restaurant|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
classroom|manual|UsedFor|viewing/reading
battle|stress|IsA|positive card
detroit|human|CapableOf|be lived in
supermarket|confession|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
backyard|pond|IsA|nation
cellar|person|HasProperty|a type of building
canada|town|IsA|nature-related
freeway|street|CapableOf|be lived in
forest|disneyland|AtLocation|at america
anxiety|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
human|detroit|UsedFor|eating
park|swimming|IsA|animal
chair|kitchen|UsedFor|cooking
clothing|dust|MadeOf|food
dirt|street|IsA|bodypart
park|families|CapableOf|be eaten
refrigerator|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
box|trash|CapableOf|be held in your hands
auditorium|conference|IsA|religious card
plate|food|IsA|  place
silence|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
concert|confession|IsA|place or location
city|montana|HasProperty|a country
windowsill|ground|IsA|building
office|telephone|HasProperty|used for learning
jar|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
book|magazine|CapableOf| be held in your hand
movement|motion|CapableOf|cause injury
drawer|garage|IsA|place
plate|bowl|IsA|something found in a household
balloon|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
container|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
band|school|MadeOf|by man
hotel|party|HasA|usually have people inside
information|encyclopedia|IsA|place for students
shop|airport|CapableOf|store
backpack|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
sewer|container|IsA|room
dust|corner|IsA|place for clothes
church|shed|PartOf|house
restaurant|church|IsA|state in usa
store|food|IsA|type of room
office|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
playground|backyard|CapableOf|be man made
closet|bicycle|IsA|place
conference|apartment|IsA|social event
floor|store|UsedFor|decoration
oven|stove|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
trees|playground|HasA|walls
knowledge|university|HasProperty|related to studying
valley|aquarium|HasA|3 letters
closet|office|IsA|building
beaver|books|MadeOf|sand mostly
motel|computer|IsA|study room
disneyland|air|IsA|type of place
auditorium|bathroom|IsA|building
vase|manual|CapableOf|be held with one hand
notebook|pen|UsedFor|writing
gentleman|movie|UsedFor|learning
computer|classroom|UsedFor|learning
bowl|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
garden|dirt|MadeOf|organic brown matter
clouds|corner|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
supermarket|pantry|CapableOf|be moved around
notebook|backpack|IsA|building
store|action|UsedFor|living
shop|doctor|CapableOf|store
bathroom|market|CapableOf| be moved
wallet|cabinet|IsA|form of entertainment
water|ocean|PartOf|kitchen
table|dishwasher|IsA|dish
restaurant|garage|IsA|furniture
toilet|sink|HasA|pipe system attached
building|kitchen|UsedFor|reading
seattle|desert|HasProperty|related to water falling
street|room|IsA|place to pray
class|field|IsA|place for students
store|bowl|IsA|type of room
cabinet|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
trunk|garage|UsedFor|car travel
radio|attic|IsA|place in a house
clouds|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
dog|closet|AtLocation|inside a house
happiness|love|IsA|activity
supermarket|opera|HasProperty|part of a human
water|moon|AtLocation|at a home
america|wilderness|IsA|place
florida|casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
lamp|corner|IsA|n electronic device
cabinet|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
wedding|opera|HasProperty|alive
table|trunk|MadeOf|food
castle|heaven|UsedFor|travel
hospital|store|CapableOf|have a street address
inside|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
garage|classroom|HasA|usually have people inside
clouds|party|PartOf|food and drink
death|erections|HasProperty|negative in human sense
air|park|UsedFor|throwing
chair|snore|IsA|store items
bathroom|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
information|field|IsA|part media
groceries|shelf|UsedFor|storing things in
ground|greenhouse|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
trees|outdoors|HasA|walls
trouble|snore|PartOf|house
wall|cabinet|CapableOf|be found in a house
thinking|color|UsedFor|studying
shelf|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
idaho|humans|IsA|drink
oven|pan|IsA|singular object
basement|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
town|theater|HasProperty|alive
playground|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
bay|aquarium|HasA|water
university|knowledge|IsA|place for students
roof|wall|CapableOf|be found in a house
plate|utensils|CapableOf|be held in your hands
town|tent|IsA|commercial browser
greenhouse|park|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
building|park|UsedFor|swimming
nature|bed|IsA|place
bedroom|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
city|country|HasA|movie
notebook|library|CapableOf|move
church|store|IsA|place you can visit
suburb|china|IsA|residential area
marmoset|underground|IsA|place
table|bed|MadeOf|wood
bed|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
suburb|suburbs|IsA|rural region
fish|sea|HasA|earth
apartment|supermarket|IsA|place
playground|beach|UsedFor|farmers 
floor|store|UsedFor|storage
classroom|locker|IsA|building
passageway|building|IsA|business
battle|argument|IsA|positive card
sleeping|death|IsA|physical object
bridge|town|HasProperty|made by humans
film|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
action|change|HasA|function
cabinet|container|IsA|piece of furniture
auditorium|jail|HasA|usually have people inside
person|school|CapableOf|be heard
park|party|AtLocation|on the map
forest|michigan|IsA|living thing
effort|happiness|IsA|positive card
stamps|box|UsedFor|eating
roof|sky|CapableOf|fly
chair|table|IsA|place or location
street|lamp|UsedFor|work
theater|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
library|office|IsA|ground where child play
wallet|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
opera|theater|UsedFor| gathering together
motel|auditorium|IsA|building
stove|container|AtLocation|in a house
homes|factory|IsA|type of building
sink|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
government|canada|IsA|object/thing
pantry|box|UsedFor|storage
desktop|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
house|television|IsA|room in a property
puddle|street|IsA|physical item 
street|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
cage|commercial|CapableOf|be read
ground|arboretum|UsedFor|storing food
refrigerators|kitchen|HasProperty|used for meals
supermarket|concert|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
airport|sky|IsA|item of furniture
house|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
rock|countryside|MadeOf|wood
theater|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
theater|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
candy|television|IsA|part of the body
leaves|countryside|AtLocation|outside
food|cut|CapableOf|fly
assessment|mouth|PartOf|body
class|club|IsA|place people can meet
dust|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
street|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
lamp|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
key|street|CapableOf|keeping cash
city|maine|AtLocation|on a map
cupboard|dishes|IsA|furniture 
change|key|UsedFor|living
ocean|sailboat|AtLocation|with water
conference|opera|IsA|location
jail|garage|IsA|building
moon|water|IsA|man made
pride|injury|CapableOf|fly
sunshine|sea|IsA|vacation destination
cat|garbage|IsA|store items
desk|sky|PartOf|building a house
bowl|restaurant|IsA|furniture
newspaper|countryside|MadeOf|sand
basement|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
sleeping|desires|AtLocation|usually in a bed
newspaper|china|UsedFor|transportation
desk|shop|IsA|ground where child play
fleas|dog|IsA|a animal
corner|kitchen|IsA|room
apartment|computer|UsedFor|storing things inside
sea|summer|IsA|vacation destination
manual|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
pain|nostalgia|HasProperty|linked to food
boat|table|IsA|place or location
concert|conference|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
god|heaven|UsedFor|praying
airport|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
toilet|cabinet|IsA|building
trunk|beer|MadeOf|metal
box|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
restaurant|church|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
apartment|stadium|CapableOf|fly
program|couch|UsedFor|work
briefcase|backpack|IsA|place of learning
pantry|window|HasProperty|furniture
concert|university|CapableOf|have people  inside
candle|hallway|IsA|car
airport|human|UsedFor|eating
drawer|shop|UsedFor|cooling
dancing|celebrating|IsA|physical emotion
program|opera|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
air|swimming|HasProperty|man made
town|apartment|IsA|place you buy food
ocean|people|IsA|n item of furniture
utah|maine|IsA|us state
head|meeting|IsA|part media
remembering|sorrow|PartOf|mental disorder
fun|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
person|demonstration|HasProperty|a type of property
restaurant|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
hunger|instruction|IsA|emotion
city|forest|IsA|proper noun
concert|bathroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
lamp|telephone|IsA|building
cave|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
cat|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
security|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
stadium|restaurant|UsedFor|washing
museum|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
bread|pantry|IsA|location or room
exhaustion|headache|CapableOf|be physically touched
india|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
garage|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
apartment|classroom|UsedFor|putting on a show
dentist|home|IsA|physical item 
switzerland|antarctica|IsA|animal
forest|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
internet|classroom|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
synagogue|earth|IsA|part of a human
sleep|chair|HasProperty|an animal
rock|ground|HasProperty|in a cold climate
weather|seattle|AtLocation|at america
kitchens|groceries|MadeOf|metal
lamp|street|UsedFor|work
opera|theater|HasProperty|a gathering place
movies|families|UsedFor|eating
newspaper|dinner|IsA|physical tangible object
bubblegum|money|IsA|place you can visit
cupboard|desktop|MadeOf|metal
backpack|pantry|IsA|furniture 
wilderness|countryside|IsA|man-made thing
basement|closet|CapableOf|part  of a household
conference|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
table|food|UsedFor|keeping things cool
windowsill|frogs|IsA|place you can go
mouse|bowl|AtLocation|inside a house
magazine|home|CapableOf|store
wall|hospital|HasA|airplanes
loft|cellar|IsA|room in a home
blood|animals|HasA|exterior walls
hallway|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
factory|school|HasProperty|visited by tourists
office|classroom|CapableOf|have people go inside
knowledge|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
classroom|school|UsedFor|reading and studying
disneyland|summer|HasProperty|hot
dinner|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
notes|notebook|IsA|object
switzerland|park|MadeOf|plastic
beach|street|HasProperty|hot
cellar|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
cupboard|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
library|computer|IsA|building
movies|jar|IsA|public building
kitchen|jar|HasA|empty space in it
television|house|IsA|ground where child play
floor|tree|IsA|place or location
funeral|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
trouble|government|IsA|object/thing
garage|toronto|PartOf|house
backyard|town|IsA|nation
field|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
movies|families|IsA|event
death|morgue|PartOf|the human body
ceiling|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
computer|electricity|UsedFor|worship
floor|inside|HasProperty|furniture in a house
excitement|enjoyment|IsA|activity
chair|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
table|case|IsA|something found in a household
convention|theater|IsA|part of a human
colorado|america|AtLocation|labeled on a map
beach|desktop|HasProperty|hot
table|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
problems|knowing|MadeOf|wood
pantry|burger|IsA|location or room
china|house|MadeOf|sand
anger|sweetness|UsedFor|punish
garage|bedroom|IsA|room in a property
trunk|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cut|performing|HasA|physical appearance
office|circus|IsA|n item of furniture
exercising|discipline|HasA|m at the beginning
action|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
corner|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
moon|sink|MadeOf|organic material
garden|bowl|UsedFor|storage
restaurant|school|AtLocation|inside a house
electricity|concert|MadeOf|wood
mail|shed|IsA|room in a home
classroom|apartment|UsedFor|urination
allergies|arguments|CapableOf|be physically touched
restaurant|throne|UsedFor|learning
england|canada|IsA|country or state
country|city|HasProperty|powerful
lightning|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
friend|africa|IsA|specific place
anxiety|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
office|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
montana|kentucky|IsA|american state
cellar|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
kitchen|closet|PartOf|wood
building|canada|IsA|country
seaside|wilderness|IsA|place
soup|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
wisconsin|continent|HasA|water
australia|forest|CapableOf|be read
tears|anger|IsA|noun
valley|aquarium|IsA|somewhere animals swim
picture|playground|HasA|city inside
church|synagogue|HasProperty|part of a human
porch|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
disneyland|toilet|IsA|furniture
france|mountains|IsA|place
oven|stove|CapableOf|store things
change|street|IsA|thing you have on person
like|fun|IsA|physical emotion
discovery|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
countryside|mountains|HasProperty|part of your  house
window|door|HasProperty|found in a house
desk|microwave|UsedFor|storage
theater|wallet|UsedFor|living
clock|shelf|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
valley|office|IsA|country or state
drawer|snore|HasProperty|a household item
library|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
kitchen|shelf|AtLocation|indoors
ocean|moon|CapableOf|store small items
convention|montana|UsedFor|buying food
desktop|library|IsA|building
library|table|UsedFor|cooling
basement|cupboard|CapableOf|be moved around
conference|container|UsedFor|writing
bathroom|house|HasProperty|used for storing cars
lumberyard|wood|IsA|place or location
nature|snore|IsA|place
restaurant|kitchen|IsA|room
bathroom|cage|CapableOf|fly
pocket|paper|CapableOf|be used for travel
homes|church|UsedFor|free
library|airport|CapableOf|have a street address
mouth|assessment|UsedFor|announcing something
tears|like|IsA|verb
garden|house|PartOf|glass
supermarket|town|IsA|place or location
opera|confession|HasA|ticket box usually
desktop|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
mountains|louisiana|IsA|state in uk
himalayas|canada|MadeOf|rocks
jar|table|CapableOf|be eaten
city|california|CapableOf|be read
window|dishes|CapableOf|be used for school
bed|floor|CapableOf|store
desktop|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
desk|plate|IsA|something found in a household
cabinet|vase|IsA|room
refrigerator|supermarket|IsA|food
assessment|building|CapableOf|make a sound
basement|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
opera|earth|UsedFor|buying food
container|soup|IsA|location
wedding|body|IsA|part of a human
floor|dust|MadeOf|wood
love|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
countryside|desert|IsA|residential area
convention|body|IsA|place
weather|rain|HasProperty|related to water falling
office|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
wilderness|lemur|IsA|country
cabinet|table|MadeOf|plastic
hospital|telephone|IsA|study room
shower|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
garden|forest|CapableOf|be part of a house
library|book|IsA|part media
drugstore|building|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
town|yard|IsA|country
windowsill|garden|PartOf|body
communication|suffering|IsA|sad emotion
refrigerator|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
movies|school|IsA|event
roof|desk|IsA|home appliance
fight|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
doctor|school|UsedFor|recreation activity
attic|carpet|HasProperty|found inside a house
field|punch|IsA|noun
montana|town|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
sleep|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
field|head|HasA|screen
apartment|dishes|IsA|furniture 
heaven|desk|UsedFor|praying
wedding|conference|UsedFor|buying food
television|families|IsA|place
theater|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
church|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
town|church|HasProperty|part of a human
ocean|universe|UsedFor|serving food
water|bridge|CapableOf|store small items
beer|bar|MadeOf|metal
restaurant|bedroom|HasA|usually have people inside
company|airport|CapableOf|employ people
reflection|cut|IsA|negative emotion
anger|enemies|IsA|positive card
tent|town|IsA|house where man live
shelf|table|HasProperty|furniture
office|hallway|IsA|type /part of building
street|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
demonstration|ground|IsA|place
porch|table|UsedFor|cooling
university|shed|AtLocation|within a building's structure
friends|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
rug|roof|HasA|animal
safe|head|HasProperty|related to studying
basement|den|HasA|door
sunbathers|summer|IsA|vacation destination
table|cup|UsedFor|indoor activities
roof|cage|HasProperty|man-made
motion|effort|HasProperty|usually fast
trunk|freeway|CapableOf|be lived in
office|conference|IsA|piece of furniture
table|trunk|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|bathroom|HasProperty|a room
crying|shock|IsA|something a baby could have
windowsill|desert|HasProperty|hot
container|condiments|IsA|location or room
television|newspaper|IsA|part media
aquarium|country|HasProperty|human made
home|skyscraper|PartOf|house 
opera|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
table|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
temple|house|CapableOf|move location
bathroom|apartment|UsedFor|car repair
fun|tears|IsA|physical emotion
ceiling|rug|AtLocation|above  your head
pot|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
hotel|garage|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
encyclopedia|pocket|CapableOf|be used virtually 
dishwasher|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
magazine|library|UsedFor|cooling
carnival|building|IsA|place or location
ballpark|backyard|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
communication|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
shed|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
wedding|body|IsA|place
road|town|HasProperty|made by humans
radio|choir|IsA|tv show
california|park|PartOf|house
happiness|sweetness|HasA|punish
tennessee|stable|IsA|animal
table|carpet|UsedFor|furnishing a house
ocean|valley|IsA|small body of water
synagogue|opera|IsA|social event
sink|table|HasProperty|furniture
book|library|HasProperty|a meal
sun|president|IsA|book
backyard|nature|IsA|animal
knowledge|trauma|IsA|emotion
yard|forest|IsA|nation
beach|pond|UsedFor|swimming
disneyland|boxes|IsA|room (type)
windowsill|house|HasA|green plant
cupboard|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
store|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
garage|chair|HasProperty|a household item
club|garden|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
refrigerator|desk|CapableOf|contain multiple people
library|information|HasProperty|related to studying
club|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
wedding|opera|IsA|part of a human
castle|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
argument|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
junk|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
office|funeral|MadeOf|wood
garden|roof|PartOf|glass
television|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
allergies|headache|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
mexico|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
kitchen|condiments|AtLocation|in a house
money|wallet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
jail|hotel|IsA|object
hospital|morgue|HasA|exterior walls
laughter|like|HasProperty|an emotion
ocean|office|UsedFor|praying
beach|outdoors|IsA|nation
jar|house|HasA|pipe system attached
backyard|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
telephone|wires|IsA|building 
kitchen|apartment|IsA|type /part of building
tree|ocean|IsA|location
home|homes|PartOf|house 
commercial|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
inspiration|happiness|IsA|n emotion
house|stadium|HasA|pool
bathtub|rug|CapableOf|sleeping
florida|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
desert|tree|IsA|part of nature
magazine|sloth|IsA|place
action|performing|HasA|physical appearance
college|computer|UsedFor|housing
enemies|argument|HasProperty|about  clashes
classroom|university|IsA|object that can be held
suburbs|seaside|IsA|proper noun
television|information|HasProperty|a meal
greenhouse|roof|HasA|green plant
trash|michigan|UsedFor|eating
garden|restaurant|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
woods|rock|IsA|living/once living
field|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
park|picture|HasA|city inside
bicycle|water|IsA|place
ballpark|park|IsA|place or location
families|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
farm|entertainment|UsedFor|overnight stays
dancing|entertaining|IsA|something considered as positive
town|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
dust|carpet|HasProperty|found inside a house
sorrow|depression|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
hunger|depression|MadeOf|wood
waterfall|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
ceiling|airport|IsA|item of furniture
airport|passageway|HasA|beds
shed|closet|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
windowsill|snow|IsA|vacation destination
city|countryside|CapableOf|be read
wall|cupboard|AtLocation|indoors
kitchen|desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
outdoors|building|IsA|place to grow plants
library|meeting|IsA|visible object
basement|closet|HasProperty|a place where people sing
kitchen|classroom|PartOf|vehicle
town|restaurant|IsA|nation
church|tent|IsA|place
cow|city|IsA|animal
excitement|favors|IsA|activity
room|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
store|hotel|IsA|item of clothing
office|house|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
stream|lake|IsA|1 syllable word
clothes|dinner|IsA|made of wood
happiness|enjoyment|IsA|activity
cage|woods|MadeOf|trees
store|bathroom|IsA|living thing
wood|table|IsA|place or location
happiness|punishment|UsedFor|punish
agreement|favors|IsA|physical emotion
street|supermarket|IsA|place you can visit
windowsill|house|CapableOf|laugh
cat|television|HasProperty|a household item
demonstration|table|IsA|type /part of building
curtain|street|IsA|vacation destination
wisconsin|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
dinner|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
water|warehouse|AtLocation|within a building's structure
party|bar|UsedFor|storing things inside
montana|conference|UsedFor|buying food
wedding|apartment|IsA|location
tile|paperwork|AtLocation|with water
toilet|pot|CapableOf|cooking
remembering|pain|IsA|negative thing
bank|desert|IsA|animal
suffering|crying|IsA|negative feeling
ground|windowsill|UsedFor|children to play
montana|town|IsA|home
movies|park|IsA|part of the body
floor|glass|IsA|furniture
michigan|countryside|CapableOf|fly
closet|house|HasProperty|an object
bridge|toilet|PartOf|kitchen
classroom|television|IsA|type of building
sorrow|nightmares|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
love|agreement|IsA|sad emotion
town|montana|IsA|place
lamp|garden|UsedFor|work
bottle|cabinet|AtLocation|in a kitchen
street|bicycle|AtLocation|within a building's structure
jungle|outdoors|IsA|outdoor area
air|swimming|IsA|animal
bathroom|chair|UsedFor|work
head|thinking|HasA|screen
creek|windowsill|MadeOf|trees
jail|car|IsA|product that people buy
lemur|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
pride|fun|IsA|action
sweat|desires|PartOf|human body
table|trunk|IsA|1 syllable word
office|party|IsA|building 
conference|town|IsA|location
bathroom|class|CapableOf|be heard
heaven|hole|UsedFor|cooking
europe|meeting|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
florida|australia|CapableOf|be read
florida|change|UsedFor|living
reflection|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
demonstration|house|UsedFor|student
backpack|drawer|HasA|doors
apartment|bathroom|UsedFor|formal learning
flowers|vase|IsA|art-related item
house|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
cup|container|IsA|piece of furniture
stomach|pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
hotel|entertainment|IsA|tourist destination
homes|bar|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
hallway|bar|UsedFor|car repair
office|boat|UsedFor|reading
can|groceries|MadeOf|metal
airport|building|CapableOf|have a street address
yard|canada|AtLocation|outside
building|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
box|water|IsA|mode of transportation
thinking|fear|CapableOf|fly
battle|injuries|HasProperty|about  clashes
house|office|UsedFor|borrowing books
trouble|outside|IsA|animal
street|corner|MadeOf|asphalt
market|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
refrigerator|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
jail|refrigerator|CapableOf|be entered
house|school|CapableOf|move
mansion|town|UsedFor|putting on a show
convention|people|IsA|part of a human
allergies|exhaustion|MadeOf|golden
hairbrush|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
concert|laugh|HasProperty|a type of property
apartment|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
arkansas|mountains|IsA|country
toronto|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
church|people|IsA|place
beach|trees|IsA|nation
kitchen|classroom|UsedFor|car repair
food|restaurant|IsA|tableware
food|bowl|IsA|tableware
synagogue|classroom|CapableOf|have people go inside
backpack|drawer|MadeOf|food
backyard|canada|IsA|nature-related
pond|beach|IsA|place people work and live
chair|table|CapableOf|be held with one hand
funeral|palace|PartOf|the human body
cupboard|trunk|MadeOf|food
cabinet|basement|IsA|room (type)
minnesota|city|IsA|business that serves food
books|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
skin|entertaining|IsA|emotion
junk|floor|HasProperty|an animal
suburb|neighborhood|IsA|place where you can live
school|library|CapableOf|move
jar|water|HasA|pipe system attached
bedroom|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
motion|movement|HasA|m at the beginning
classroom|garden|CapableOf|have people  inside
clothes|cupboard|MadeOf|food
laughter|happiness|IsA|emotion
locker|book|CapableOf|be worn
refrigerator|cupboard|IsA|building
building|warehouse|CapableOf|work
company|bathroom|IsA|public place
bedroom|office|AtLocation|in a house
yard|skyscraper|AtLocation|indoors
oven|desktop|HasA|edible items for sale
warehouse|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
cabinet|bowl|IsA|place to make food
demonstration|table|UsedFor|packing things inside
dentist|newspaper|CapableOf|store
mouth|assessment|CapableOf|be attended
pantry|shelf|MadeOf|wood
shop|airport|CapableOf|provide a service
floor|table|IsA|furniture 
bedroom|temple|CapableOf|move location
pond|aquarium|IsA|small body of water
wings|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
arizona|texas|IsA|state
floor|street|IsA|place or location
church|key|UsedFor|living
silence|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
casino|theater|IsA|place of worship
joy|satisfaction|IsA|mental state
floor|lumberyard|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
corner|television|IsA|building
case|utensils|MadeOf|plastic
food|action|IsA|negative emotion
dreams|sleeping|IsA|feeling
casino|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
kitchens|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
contemplating|thinking|IsA|emotion
sunbathers|snow|IsA|vacation destination
newspaper|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
street|summer|IsA|vacation destination
office|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
safe|head|IsA|physical tangible object
market|container|IsA|piece of furniture
television|book|HasProperty|singular
restaurant|kitchen|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
toronto|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
apartment|tent|HasProperty|an event
sky|tree|IsA|part of nature
pantry|cup|IsA|piece of furniture
conference|tent|IsA|commercial browser
city|london|UsedFor|milking cows
remembering|embarrassment|PartOf|mental disorder
bathroom|garage|IsA|room in a property
office|lamp|IsA|building
clothing|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
favors|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
garage|disneyland|IsA|furniture
opera|body|HasProperty|an event
passageway|store|IsA|item of clothing
television|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
puddle|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
conference|synagogue|IsA|social event
refrigerator|conference|UsedFor|reading
hole|heaven|IsA|place where money is kept
windowsill|roof|IsA|place where you can stand
meeting|information|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
agreement|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
clothes|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
field|table|HasProperty|edible
basement|attic|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
bedroom|corner|HasProperty|able to be entered
drinking|love|IsA|verb
sky|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
reflection|injury|IsA|negative emotion
church|university|CapableOf|be used for storage
glass|table|HasProperty|edible
film|cabinet|IsA|something you eat off
manual|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
desert|snow|IsA|vacation destination
nature|rain|IsA|car
disneyland|rain|AtLocation|at america
circus|desk|IsA|place of religion
closet|garage|AtLocation|within a building's structure
wedding|town|IsA|location
store|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
food|candy|IsA|event
trunk|dust|HasProperty|an object
people|supermarket|HasProperty|part of a human
toronto|cat|PartOf|house
valley|bay|IsA|somewhere animals swim
disneyland|porch|CapableOf|storing food
forest|weather|AtLocation|at america
dog|fleas|HasA|animal
cupboard|clothes|HasProperty|an object
window|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
michigan|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
trees|park|IsA|nature-related
garage|water|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
house|town|HasProperty|a location
doorway|skyscraper|PartOf|house 
attic|sleep|IsA|place
college|bedroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
wedding|town|IsA|planet
outside|playground|UsedFor|driving on or over
playground|outside|HasA|1 syllable  word
library|classroom|MadeOf|wood
locker|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
restaurant|stadium|MadeOf|bricks
trunk|safe|AtLocation|on a map
egypt|beaver|IsA|country
table|computer|UsedFor|packing things inside
performing|fear|CapableOf|fly
refrigerator|restaurants|CapableOf|be entered
desktop|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
desktop|house|UsedFor|work
can|bottle|HasA|plug or power source
restaurant|disneyland|IsA|something found in a household
office|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
cup|refrigerators|HasA|empty space in it
pot|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
pantry|den|HasA|roof
music|mind|IsA|action
heaven|school|CapableOf|be lived in
bed|floor|HasProperty|a household item
montana|office|IsA|n item of furniture
store|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
excitement|satisfaction|IsA|negative emotion
book|information|HasProperty|related to studying
floor|chair|IsA|place
wings|airport|PartOf|house 
magazine|encyclopedia|MadeOf|water
stamps|dinner|IsA|place
water|church|PartOf|house
nostalgia|crying|IsA|positive thing
restaurant|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
ocean|medium|UsedFor|transportation
nature|chair|IsA|place
drawer|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
person|mouth|PartOf|body
conference|demonstration|IsA|inanimate object
bedroom|microwave|IsA|part of a house
desk|table|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
map|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
garage|roof|PartOf|house
case|stuff|IsA|place
table|bed|UsedFor|cooling
garage|factory|MadeOf|water
outside|table|AtLocation|on the map
chairs|table|IsA|type of room
dancing|entertaining|IsA|verb
electricity|desktop|UsedFor|work
hospital|lamp|UsedFor|reading books
suburbs|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
telephone|desktop|IsA|device used for working
information|magazine|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
drawer|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
desk|encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
roof|kitchen|AtLocation|in your room
jar|television|IsA|place
classroom|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
pot|container|IsA|place for entertainment
happiness|entertaining|IsA|something considered as positive
dinner|thinking|UsedFor|studying
pond|waterfall|HasA|3 letters
jar|action|IsA|place to be entertained
concert|college|CapableOf|have people  inside
couch|house|MadeOf|wood
shelf|drawer|UsedFor|storage
backpack|clothing|MadeOf|food
exercising|exercise|CapableOf|cause injury
backyard|playground|IsA|country
backpack|books|CapableOf|be used for school
hospital|telephone|IsA|list of alphabets
drawer|desktop|AtLocation|home
theater|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
casino|change|CapableOf|keeping cash
sailboat|house|UsedFor|sitting on
countryside|outside|HasProperty|part of your  house
farm|train|IsA|mode of transport
table|rug|UsedFor|furniture
shock|pain|IsA|something a baby could have
dust|corner|IsA|place you can go
airplane|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
birds|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
wall|garage|CapableOf|be found in a house
casino|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
roof|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
refrigerators|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
tree|outside|UsedFor|throwing
countryside|forest|IsA|place people work and live
apartment|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
sunshine|sunbathers|IsA|person
street|nebraska|IsA|business that serves food
ontario|beaver|MadeOf|sand mostly
wilderness|forest|IsA|1 syllable word
desktop|stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
alcohol|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
answer|ballpark|UsedFor|containing objects
shoes|hotel|IsA|something you can own
sun|trouble|CapableOf|place
elevator|class|CapableOf|be heard
mountain|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
toronto|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
party|jail|HasA|usually have people inside
wood|inside|IsA|place or location
roof|ground|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
paper|map|IsA|place of learning
lamp|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
clothing|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
entertaining|enjoyment|IsA|activity
town|body|IsA|part of a human
hotel|hospital|CapableOf|have a street address
opera|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
unemployment|humans|IsA|place you can visit
bearing|landfill|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
accomplishment|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
class|thinking|UsedFor|studying
magazines|rug|IsA|type /part of building
desk|movie|IsA|dish
bedroom|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
stomach|silverware|HasA|edible items for sale
pantry|food|HasProperty|used for meals
opera|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
bathroom|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
instruction|depression|MadeOf|wood
wallet|film|UsedFor|storage
attic|television|HasProperty|found inside a house
computer|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
roof|temple|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
airplane|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
college|school|HasProperty|material
bathroom|home|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
ceiling|floor|IsA|home appliance
car|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
conference|speaker|PartOf|body
opera|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
newspaper|jail|UsedFor|studying in
town|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
room|hallway|HasProperty|white
minnesota|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
beaver|ontario|MadeOf|sand mostly
school|house|HasA|fee to visit
television|trash|HasProperty|a solid item 
learning|suicide|IsA|emotion
library|museum|AtLocation|indoors
store|yard|IsA|part of nature
entertaining|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
kitchen|cabinet|CapableOf|be found in a house
cabinet|sink|HasProperty|furniture
apartment|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
garage|bowl|IsA|furniture
food|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
snow|mountains|IsA|place
newspaper|lawn|HasProperty|a solid item 
ocean|jar|MadeOf|organic material
field|university|HasProperty|a meal
michigan|garden|MadeOf|water
desktop|sea|HasProperty|hot
ground|garden|MadeOf|organic brown matter
store|ocean|IsA|living thing
office|lamp|UsedFor|reading books
canada|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
fear|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
meeting|notebook|UsedFor|happiness
hotel|wires|HasProperty|a property 
office|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
information|newspaper|MadeOf|meet
floor|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
plants|outside|PartOf|house
museum|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
countryside|yard|HasA|walls
action|pride|IsA|negative emotion
weather|forest|HasProperty|associated with the environment
club|garden|IsA|place people can meet
rain|moon|AtLocation|at a home
pond|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
container|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
frisbee|tree|PartOf|house
magazines|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
refrigerators|food|HasProperty|used for meals
water|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
outside|rug|AtLocation|inside a house
toilet|mouse|IsA|building
house|greenhouse|HasA|head
suffering|tears|UsedFor|punish
universe|light|AtLocation|as part of a house
stairs|rug|CapableOf|sleep on it
anxiety|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
heaven|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
table|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
shed|room|CapableOf|be used for storage
suburbs|montana|IsA|place where you can live
drawer|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
desktop|dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
dust|trunk|MadeOf|food
cup|pantry|IsA|location or room
mouse|refrigerator|CapableOf|be used with a computer
refrigerator|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
jail|dinner|IsA|product that people buy
home|church|IsA|object that can be held
outside|pennsylvania|AtLocation|at a party
air|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
silverware|shelf|AtLocation|inside an office
paper|locker|CapableOf|be worn
house|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
arguments|park|PartOf|city
office|table|IsA|building
dinner|trunk|HasProperty|an object
cat|junk|HasProperty|an animal
safe|head|UsedFor|studying
wall|apartment|UsedFor|reading
love|pain|IsA|sad emotion
microwave|home|IsA|animal
tension|stress|IsA|feeling or emotion
suburbs|subdivision|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
circus|god|UsedFor|praying
beach|park|HasProperty|hot
contemplating|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
outside|cat|UsedFor|cooking food
field|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
building|yard|IsA|nature-related
pride|excitement|IsA|feeling
water|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
love|excitement|UsedFor|hobbies
street|action|IsA|place to be entertained
kitchen|table|HasProperty|edible
punch|sweetness|HasA|punish
university|universe|IsA|drink
hospital|hotel|HasA|beds
michigan|beach|PartOf|natural landscape
lightning|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
cinema|classroom|UsedFor| gathering together
hotel|house|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
roadway|yard|IsA|state
chair|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
school|bathroom|UsedFor|travel
desires|death|PartOf|human body
universe|desk|AtLocation|as part of a house
garden|playground|UsedFor|swimming
table|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
gentleman|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
russia|australia|UsedFor|cooking
theater|montana|IsA|place you buy food
pond|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
cupboard|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
castle|bathroom|UsedFor|travel
sink|garage|UsedFor|eating or drinking
cupboard|clothes|MadeOf|food
apartment|demonstration|UsedFor|packing things inside
refrigerator|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
box|park|IsA|event
beaver|egypt|UsedFor|driving 
store|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
table|desk|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
desktop|motel|IsA|ground where child play
rug|table|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
boredom|headache|MadeOf|pause
gentleman|game|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
ocean|school|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
forest|mountains|IsA|living/once living
meeting|dinner|IsA|part media
bar|restaurant|HasA|usually have people inside
home|garden|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
television|telephone|IsA|building
outside|playground|HasA|city inside
lamp|corner|IsA|ground where child play
california|ground|IsA|type of tree
regret|joy|IsA|feeling
drawer|stamps|MadeOf|wood
field|rock|MadeOf|wood
barn|party|UsedFor|communication
dog|fleas|IsA|a animal
forest|school|IsA|place
furniture|office|IsA|ceremony
death|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
sorrow|embarrassment|IsA|feeling/emotion
pennsylvania|switzerland|MadeOf|rocks
home|pantry|CapableOf|be moved around
imagination|auditorium|IsA|religious card
suburb|suburbs|IsA|residential area
sunshine|sunbathers|HasProperty|hot
buildings|car|HasProperty|alive
country|house|UsedFor|worship
countryside|desert|HasProperty|man made
school|human|MadeOf|by man
desk|lamp|IsA|n electronic device
canada|michigan|AtLocation|on a map
drawer|dust|IsA|1 syllable word
tennessee|ranch|IsA|animal
apartment|earth|UsedFor|learning
windowsill|beach|IsA|living thing
soup|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
carnival|ballpark|UsedFor|storage
town|mansion|UsedFor| gathering together
performing|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
carnival|park|IsA|place or location
india|wilderness|IsA|animal
market|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
work|picture|AtLocation|library
peanuts|carnival|UsedFor|drinking 
food|jar|IsA|  place
trees|playground|CapableOf|be part of a house
sink|bridge|PartOf|the galaxy
city|china|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
garden|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
potatoes|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
mess|office|IsA|building
outside|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
toronto|furniture|PartOf|house
briefcase|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
bedroom|bar|UsedFor|urination
movie|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
africa|town|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
motel|london|UsedFor|milking cows
clothing|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
desk|universe|AtLocation|as part of a house
dishwasher|cupboard|IsA|building
thinking|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
conference|earth|IsA|place
newspaper|driveway|MadeOf|sand
ocean|imagination|IsA|n item of furniture
utensils|drawer|UsedFor|storage
outdoors|backyard|UsedFor|children to play
clouds|house|IsA|product that people buy
remembering|controversy|IsA|negative thing
church|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
knowing|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
depression|money|PartOf|mental disorder
closet|space|PartOf|wood
condiments|table|CapableOf|cook things
shed|attic|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
bathroom|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
woods|windowsill|MadeOf|trees
cat|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
backyard|canada|IsA|country
soup|sink|UsedFor|transportation
magazine|doctor|IsA|room or building
carpet|library|AtLocation|in your home
playground|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
france|dictionary|IsA|activity 
table|cup|IsA|type of food
field|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
excitement|fun|IsA|activity
porch|dentist|CapableOf|store
bubblegum|jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
water|car|IsA|place to pray
entertaining|smiles|IsA|emotion
supermarket|wedding|UsedFor|learning
celebrating|dancing|IsA|verb
office|store|IsA|place where students learn
library|classroom|CapableOf|be used virtually 
field|street|IsA|natural product or man made
bridge|sink|CapableOf|can you drink it
church|street|IsA|thing you have on person
ocean|town|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
building|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
thinking|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
mexico|texas|AtLocation|labeled on a map
cinema|classroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
library|head|IsA|part media
refrigerator|ground|HasProperty|a state in the usa
sky|swimming|IsA|animal
love|michigan|IsA|country
bathroom|classroom|IsA|location
garage|desktop|UsedFor|storage
closet|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
television|mouth|IsA|tv show
bar|restaurant|IsA|building
suffering|communication|IsA|emotion
theater|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
cellar|closet|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
apartment|teapot|IsA|type of tree
russia|hole|IsA|animal
lamp|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
forest|stream|IsA|natural thing
country|army|IsA|object/thing
pleasure|inspiration|IsA|emotion
passageway|store|UsedFor|reading books
color|information|IsA|place to study
tennessee|mountains|IsA|us state
dinner|case|IsA|furniture
greenhouse|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
street|seattle|HasProperty|associated with the environment
cabinet|backpack|IsA|place of learning
disneyland|restaurant|HasProperty|found in the garden
color|class|IsA|part media
floor|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
house|palace|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
nails|store|IsA|school supply
yard|forest|AtLocation|outside
conference|supermarket|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
windowsill|plants|UsedFor|children to play
mouth|choir|IsA|tv show
suburb|desert|HasProperty|a location
case|stuff|CapableOf|be held in your hands
ceiling|desk|IsA|home appliance
supermarket|alcohol|PartOf|food and drink
florida|supermarket|IsA|place you can visit
disneyland|container|IsA|room
garden|opera|UsedFor|work
house|school|IsA|pencil
pleasure|dream|IsA|negative feeling
inside|river|IsA|place or location
inside|meeting|IsA|building
chair|bedroom|CapableOf|move people
hospital|state|AtLocation|inside a house
encyclopedia|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
food|pride|CapableOf|cause pain
windowsill|shelf|IsA|room
nature|cat|IsA|place
furniture|roof|CapableOf|sleeping
club|game|AtLocation|in a building
conference|cinema|IsA|location
microwave|airport|HasA|use electricity
table|computer|UsedFor|student
music|dance|PartOf|building
airplane|building|IsA|place to sleep
backpack|dinner|IsA|made of wood
house|table|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
game|garden|UsedFor|learning
table|dinner|UsedFor|eating
room|water|IsA|car
city|canada|UsedFor|digging 
library|school|UsedFor|studying in
mind|good|IsA|action
freeway|suburbs|IsA|place
microwave|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
home|bedroom|IsA|animal
internet|classroom|HasProperty|alive
yard|street|HasProperty|a location
refrigerators|refrigerator|IsA|  place
valley|street|IsA|part of a municipality
forest|seattle|IsA|type of land
television|shop|IsA|building
alcohol|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
boredom|headache|MadeOf|nature
homes|workplace|HasProperty|child friendly
cup|table|CapableOf|cook things
closet|bed|UsedFor|indoor activities
home|bedroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
refrigerator|desktop|CapableOf|be found in a house
cage|box|HasProperty|man-made
stuff|backpack|MadeOf|wood
sky|room|HasProperty|white
wilderness|city|HasA|water
program|silence|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
synagogue|tent|IsA|house where man live
opera|apartment|UsedFor|learning
stomach|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
street|disneyland|HasProperty|hot
air|sky|IsA|car
basement|cabinet|IsA|room (type)
street|ground|PartOf|nature
boxes|sugar|IsA|room
television|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
hospital|ocean|IsA|place to live
drawer|movie|IsA|dish
town|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
love|pain|IsA|reaction
doctor|mexico|PartOf|man body
dust|floor|HasProperty|an object
attic|garage|CapableOf|work
playground|mexico|IsA|nature-related
money|street|CapableOf|keeping cash
pantry|cheese|IsA|location or room
exchange|chairs|IsA|type of room
stove|plate|HasProperty|used for meals
plants|ground|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
library|apartment|HasProperty|able to be entered
plate|kitchen|IsA|piece of furniture
human|detroit|CapableOf|fly
mountain|himalayas|MadeOf|rocks
apartment|office|IsA|pencil
waterfall|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
church|concert|CapableOf|have people  inside
wallet|table|IsA|dish
carpet|restaurant|AtLocation|in your home
library|book|CapableOf|be worn
backyard|garden|IsA|place people work and live
case|drawer|UsedFor|eating
trash|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
silverware|glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
synagogue|supermarket|UsedFor|learning
telephone|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
cottage|painting|HasProperty|in a cold climate
windowsill|countryside|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
container|refrigerator|IsA|piece of furniture
jar|store|IsA|school supply
kitchen|bowl|AtLocation|in a home
suburb|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
chair|manual|CapableOf|be held with one hand
desk|cabinet|UsedFor|storage of physical items
countryside|building|IsA|nation
church|earth|IsA|house where man live
country|government|IsA|place
cage|windowsill|HasProperty|man-made
anger|defeat|HasA|physical element
cut|food|CapableOf|fly
embarrassment|shock|IsA|feeling/emotion
pantry|bathroom|HasA|door
pond|aquarium|IsA|somewhere animals swim
home|sun|CapableOf|move location
cabinet|museum|UsedFor|storing things inside
office|store|CapableOf|have a street address
case|stuff|IsA|1 syllable word
shed|room|IsA|place
loft|sun|CapableOf|move location
sleep|television|IsA|place
church|jail|UsedFor|a gathering of people
florida|store|IsA|thing you have on person
house|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
food|nails|AtLocation|in a home
cabinet|box|IsA|location
street|medium|UsedFor|transportation
house|maze|IsA|business
airport|passageway|IsA|business
plate|coffee|IsA|piece of furniture
table|library|UsedFor|cooling
outside|microwave|IsA|part of a house
furniture|kitchen|UsedFor|reading
basement|bathroom|IsA|building
air|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
desktop|telephone|IsA|place
encyclopedia|book|UsedFor|studying
cabinet|table|HasProperty|furniture
synagogue|opera|UsedFor|learning
meeting|notebook|HasProperty|material
opera|class|CapableOf|be heard
attic|warehouse|IsA|structure or building
refrigerator|dinner|PartOf|food and drink
bathroom|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
dishes|books|IsA|furniture
anxiety|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
montana|wedding|IsA|part of a human
cup|pizza|IsA|location or room
smiles|like|IsA|activity
pain|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
wall|company|IsA|public place
moon|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
england|indiana|IsA|place
ground|street|IsA|stone
house|jail|HasProperty|associated with drinking
himalayas|switzerland|IsA|location
wood|river|IsA|place or location
exercising|exercise|HasA|m at the beginning
house|bathroom|IsA|room
snow|trees|IsA|n animal
classroom|boat|IsA|ceremony
mexico|human|PartOf|man body
crying|controversy|IsA|positive thing
lamp|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
monastery|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
stuff|dinner|IsA|furniture
army|control|CapableOf|make you do something
restaurant|playground|IsA|nation
bar|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
box|water|IsA|place to pray
cupboard|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
outside|plants|MadeOf|natural materials
corner|shop|IsA|building
movie|film|IsA|something found in a household
shock|inspiration|IsA|emotion
entertainment|farm|UsedFor|over night stays 
table|shelf|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
dinner|shelf|UsedFor|to keep items
russia|hole|UsedFor|cooking
paper|desktop|IsA|place of learning
concert|opera|MadeOf|wood
store|ocean|CapableOf|fly
hotel|jail|IsA|building
potatoes|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
desk|bedroom|AtLocation|in a house
washington|canada|PartOf|political geographical area
temple|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
plate|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
asia|america|PartOf|the continent 
party|telephone|IsA|study room
school|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
kitchen|cupboard|IsA|building
kitchen|classroom|IsA|place to sleep
window|apartment|UsedFor|reading
house|school|PartOf|admin role
corner|kitchen|CapableOf|be slept in
drawer|clothes|MadeOf|food
table|desk|MadeOf|wood
detroit|human|UsedFor|travel
outdoors|nature|MadeOf|trees
hospital|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
disneyland|desert|HasProperty|hot
glasses|chair|IsA|object that can be held
floor|trouble|IsA|place
mountains|snow|HasA|car
store|wallet|UsedFor|living
valley|river|HasA|3 letters
airport|doctor|CapableOf|store
television|snore|PartOf|house
film|microwave|UsedFor|storage
canada|park|MadeOf|plastic
snore|junk|IsA|animal
meeting|thinking|UsedFor|studying
dog|box|AtLocation|inside a house
condiments|plate|CapableOf|cook things
picture|work|MadeOf|paper
house|apartment|UsedFor|sporting events
hotel|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
refrigerators|jar|IsA|  place
playground|road|HasProperty|made by humans
desk|carpet|UsedFor|sitting on
food|container|UsedFor|keeping things cool
cage|nest|CapableOf|fly
castle|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
shock|crying|IsA|emotion
classroom|window|IsA|ceremony
ocean|house|PartOf|the galaxy
synagogue|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
cut|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
television|attic|IsA|place for clothes
basement|container|UsedFor|cooking
head|safe|UsedFor|studying
drawer|clothing|CapableOf|be easily carried
refrigerators|container|CapableOf|store things
sink|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
couch|home|UsedFor|travel
landfill|field|UsedFor|farmers 
garage|soup|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
park|playground|CapableOf|be part of a house
apartment|shelf|IsA|object
restaurant|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
school|library|UsedFor|studying in
store|dust|HasProperty|an object
ground|garden|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
closet|hospital|IsA|place to live
sun|park|HasProperty|hot
plate|container|IsA|type of room in houses
pan|bathroom|MadeOf|metal
park|box|IsA|event
nature|trouble|IsA|animal
nightmares|embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
pool|sink|UsedFor|transportation
wedding|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
pocket|books|CapableOf|be held with one hand
toilet|bridge|CapableOf|can you drink it
garage|sleep|PartOf|house
earth|town|IsA|place you buy food
crying|suffering|IsA|negative feeling
universe|ocean|UsedFor|serving food
connection|house|IsA|business
beach|forest|AtLocation|outside
garbage|floor|IsA|store items
boredom|headache|CapableOf|happiness
pantry|jar|CapableOf|store things
dancing|enjoyment|IsA|something considered as positive
trunk|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
information|internet|MadeOf|people gathering together
pantry|supermarket|CapableOf|be moved around
spoon|bowl|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
kitchen|bedroom|MadeOf|metal
outdoors|playground|CapableOf|be part of a house
mexico|colorado|IsA|state
garage|chicken|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
bathroom|restaurant|CapableOf|be opened/closed
knowing|crying|IsA|emotion
container|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
office|building|UsedFor|a holiday
building|park|AtLocation|outside
junk|sleep|AtLocation|in home
gate|love|IsA|public place
corner|outside|MadeOf|wood
countryside|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
countryside|town|HasA|properties of any kind
garage|television|IsA|store items
clothing|magazines|CapableOf|store
drawer|plate|IsA|something found in a household
floor|television|HasProperty|an animal
apartment|ficus|UsedFor|storing food
human|birds|UsedFor|eating
doctor|porch|IsA|physical item 
headache|joy|MadeOf|golden
synagogue|church|IsA|place of religion
trees|france|HasA|car
dream|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
bottle|trunk|HasA|door
canada|maine|AtLocation|on a map
home|garden|CapableOf|have people  inside
school|apartment|AtLocation|on the map
store|container|IsA|school supply
wedding|montana|IsA|house where man live
sunbathers|beach|HasProperty|hot
restaurant|church|UsedFor|ordering a burger
rock|field|AtLocation|outside
tent|apartment|IsA|planet
light|desk|AtLocation|as part of a house
store|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
building|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
restaurant|apartment|UsedFor|sporting events
cottage|village|IsA|place you can live
table|shelf|IsA|something kept at home
room|restaurants|CapableOf|be entered
mountain|playground|HasA|city inside
building|outdoors|CapableOf|be part of a house
jar|peanuts|IsA|reply to a question
dream|depression|MadeOf|wood
box|park|IsA|public building
floor|dentist|IsA|room or building
people|town|IsA|part of a human
pond|garden|CapableOf|be part of a house
store|human|UsedFor|education
birds|reflection|HasA|physical appearance
office|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
lemur|bank|UsedFor|cooking
house|bedroom|IsA|place to live
pantry|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
nebraska|city|IsA|building
bathroom|pantry|CapableOf|be moved around
garden|roof|IsA|animal
city|antarctica|MadeOf|country
apartment|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
motel|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
himalayas|pennsylvania|IsA|location
kitchen|office|HasProperty|able to be entered
lake|sky|IsA|natural thing
performing|pride|IsA|negative emotion
bedroom|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
attic|floor|IsA|store items
injuries|sweat|IsA|physical outcome
show|concert|MadeOf|chemicals
chicken|pool|UsedFor|transportation
corner|kitchen|HasProperty|able to be entered
windowsill|cage|CapableOf|fly
hallway|street|HasProperty|white
apartment|school|HasA|usually have people inside
nails|classroom|IsA|school supply
box|candy|IsA|public building
person|death|MadeOf|flesh
house|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cupboard|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
pain|agreement|IsA|reaction
confession|supermarket|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
porch|shop|IsA|room or building
table|flowers|IsA|something kept at home
beaver|dictionary|IsA|place
warehouse|garage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
garage|museum|IsA|room in a property
suffering|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
convention|opera|IsA|house where man live
house|plants|PartOf|body
park|california|PartOf|house
injury|reflection|IsA|colorful
case|wallet|IsA|dish
paper|pocket|IsA|place of learning
refrigerator|condiments|IsA|  place
government|trouble|IsA|concept or place
jar|store|IsA|thing you have on person
town|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
inspiration|money|HasProperty|a physical item
outside|playground|HasA|1 syllable  word
america|prison|CapableOf|be read
cage|hole|UsedFor|cooking
box|movies|UsedFor|eating
computer|party|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
argument|enemies|CapableOf|create physical pain
park|cup|AtLocation|inside a house
moon|house|IsA|car
cup|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
california|freeway|IsA|place
classroom|loft|CapableOf|move location
florida|jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
office|lamp|IsA|place to live
meeting|books|MadeOf|technology
theater|church|IsA|place to be entertained
laughter|learning|IsA|activity
stream|countryside|IsA|natural thing
salad|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
shelf|wall|IsA|room
attic|television|HasProperty|a household item
painting|village|HasProperty|in a cold climate
sea|disneyland|HasA|sand 
class|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
nature|ceiling|HasProperty|white
town|subdivision|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
television|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
problems|crying|IsA|negative feeling
stamps|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
pantry|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
electricity|program|UsedFor|work
problems|pain|HasProperty|linked to food
salad|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
workplace|jail|IsA|place you visit
bedroom|silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
cupboard|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
contemplating|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
furniture|chair|HasProperty|a household item
car|house|UsedFor|storage
backpack|food|IsA|location
forest|snow|IsA|type of place
person|garage|AtLocation|at a house
windowsill|summer|HasProperty|hot
demonstration|building|CapableOf|make a sound
countryside|town|IsA|place where you can live
salad|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
beach|outdoors|IsA|country
human|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
funeral|shed|IsA|room in a home
jar|sink|AtLocation|in a kitchen
desktop|wall|AtLocation|indoors
countryside|park|HasA|walls
notes|meeting|CapableOf|move
teapot|ficus|IsA|place people live
people|synagogue|IsA|place
basement|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
curtain|snow|IsA|vacation destination
carnival|class|CapableOf|be heard
work|churchyard|AtLocation|in your company
bar|computer|AtLocation|in a building
wallet|desk|IsA|something found in a household
food|funeral|IsA|part of the body
bedroom|nature|IsA|part of a house
underground|france|IsA|activity 
inside|tree|HasProperty|furniture in a house
cut|food|IsA|animal
restaurant|bar|HasA|usually have people inside
plants|park|HasA|head
cupboard|shelf|AtLocation|indoors
basement|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
town|supermarket|IsA|place
shock|controversy|HasProperty|typically positive
suburbs|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
shop|porch|UsedFor|cooling
desires|nightmares|CapableOf|hurt
furniture|floor|HasA|ceiling
ground|clouds|IsA|place in a house
outdoors|stream|IsA|natural thing
garden|park|PartOf|body
forest|trees|CapableOf|be part of a house
school|palace|IsA|in a home
montana|circus|IsA|n item of furniture
candy|hotel|IsA|event
house|street|UsedFor|work
restaurant|park|IsA|place
backpack|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
car|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
sky|wilderness|IsA|natural thing
refrigerator|disneyland|IsA|place to make food
store|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
cabinet|container|IsA|room
human|show|CapableOf|promote health
ground|television|IsA|place in a house
war|opera|IsA|action
love|discomfort|IsA|n emotion
vase|anthology|IsA|place or location
roadway|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
closet|passageway|IsA|item of clothing
desktop|picture|AtLocation|library
country|government|IsA|object/thing
clock|shelf|AtLocation|library
chair|desk|UsedFor|praying
street|field|IsA|natural or man made
closet|shelf|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
embarrassment|love|IsA|emotion
opera|theater|IsA|location
refrigerator|field|CapableOf|be sweet
person|germany|PartOf|building
church|house|HasProperty|a place where people sing
store|museum|AtLocation|indoors
book|library|UsedFor|instructions
stomach|kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
kitchen|window|HasProperty|furniture
kitchen|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
supermarket|restaurants|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
alcohol|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
trunk|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
boxes|outside|UsedFor|cooking
controversy|sorrow|IsA|something a baby could have
garage|desktop|CapableOf|be found in a house
ground|plants|PartOf|body
library|university|UsedFor|reading and studying
bank|heaven|UsedFor|food
restaurant|television|UsedFor|worship
conference|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
forest|town|IsA|place to grow plants
mountains|outside|IsA|country or state name
pantry|books|HasProperty|furniture
lightning|discovery|IsA|emotion
garbage|attic|HasProperty|an animal
home|dentist|CapableOf|store
fun|satisfaction|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
refrigerator|pantry|IsA|type of food
forest|desert|HasProperty|very cold
yard|street|HasProperty|man made
purse|key|HasA|function
windowsill|park|CapableOf|laugh
passageway|building|HasA|airplanes
cellar|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
mexico|backyard|IsA|nature-related
beer|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
museum|bedroom|AtLocation|indoors
communication|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
sweat|desires|AtLocation|usually in a bed
valley|city|AtLocation|inside a house
airport|closet|IsA|place to live
valley|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
boat|garage|IsA|physical item 
people|ocean|IsA|n item of furniture
television|windowsill|HasProperty|used for storage
window|floor|UsedFor|food
underground|burrow|IsA|home
favors|smiles|IsA|verb
garden|restaurant|IsA|nation
city|house|MadeOf|sand
canada|control|IsA|concept or place
embarrassment|nightmares|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
apartment|school|UsedFor|living in
smiles|excitement|HasProperty|an emotion
like|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
office|museum|CapableOf|have people go inside
stretch|effort|AtLocation|on the body
countryside|florida|IsA|place
newspaper|book|HasA|screen
hole|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
suffering|sweetness|IsA|noun
rain|air|HasProperty|white
mouse|sugar|HasProperty|found below ground level
class|book|IsA|place for students
state|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
continent|wisconsin|CapableOf|be walked on
classroom|pocket|UsedFor|reading
apartment|montana|HasProperty|part of a human
plate|stamps|MadeOf|wood
monastery|heaven|IsA|mental place
pride|action|IsA|colorful
discovery|happiness|IsA|emotion
house|school|IsA|type of building
table|pantry|IsA|type of food
bedroom|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
mexico|valley|HasA|1 syllable  word
forest|woods|IsA|living/once living
house|garden|MadeOf|wood
chair|wall|AtLocation|above the ground
forest|wilderness|IsA|place
theater|wedding|HasProperty|a place expressly for singing
plate|utensils|IsA|place
class|meeting|IsA|physical tangible object
home|office|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
synagogue|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
smiles|tears|IsA|activity
town|apartment|IsA|planet
television|computer|AtLocation|in the living room
television|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
porch|toilet|IsA|place to make food
cellar|supermarket|CapableOf|be opened/closed
ocean|fish|HasProperty|human made
airport|home|IsA|type /part of building
newspaper|field|HasA|screen
refrigerator|room|HasProperty|associated with drinking
table|food|CapableOf|store things
desktop|silverware|UsedFor|washing or cooking
carnival|conference|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
supermarket|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
library|school|IsA|building
burrow|mountains|IsA|place
college|library|IsA|object
river|water|UsedFor|transportation
teapot|ground|UsedFor|storing food
cellar|container|IsA|room
pain|controversy|IsA|positive thing
lightning|thinking|CapableOf|fly
church|garden|IsA|place people can meet
container|box|UsedFor|storage
forest|tree|IsA|part of nature
warehouse|cellar|IsA|place
clothes|store|MadeOf|food
trees|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
sink|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
casino|action|IsA|thing you have on person
refrigerator|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
trunk|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
anxiety|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
library|book|MadeOf|technology
ballpark|pot|UsedFor|storage
table|bowl|UsedFor|storage
store|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
street|synagogue|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
hotel|jar|IsA|part of the body
ground|sky|IsA|part of nature
airport|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
bedroom|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
smiles|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
defeat|aggression|HasA|physical element
trash|shed|UsedFor|storing physical things
garage|cellar|AtLocation|within a building's structure
home|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
remembering|hunger|MadeOf|wood
picture|ceiling|CapableOf|show you time
playground|forest|IsA|country
lamp|electricity|UsedFor|worship
silverware|glass|HasA|edible items for sale
controversy|trauma|IsA|emotion
montana|town|IsA|event
countryside|stream|IsA|natural thing
fleas|bird|HasA|animal
conference|theater|IsA|social event
classroom|conference|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
neighborhood|countryside|HasProperty|a location
dreams|nightmares|HasProperty|related to sleep
ground|water|HasProperty|white
classroom|opera|IsA|location
telephone|television|IsA|study room
sky|store|IsA|animal
sky|desert|MadeOf|trees
box|families|IsA|event
garbage|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
region|dirt|IsA|continent
church|office|UsedFor|praying
kitchen|restaurant|IsA|room
clothing|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
forest|trees|UsedFor|swimming
university|class|AtLocation|in a building
ceiling|loft|CapableOf|move location
field|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
theater|synagogue|IsA|place you buy food
utensils|table|HasProperty|an object
corner|rug|IsA|type /part of building
bar|market|PartOf|business
drawer|box|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
france|marmoset|MadeOf|metal
house|office|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
office|garden|IsA|object that can be held
product|ground|IsA|type of shop
school|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
anxiety|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
sorrow|crying|PartOf|mental disorder
air|rain|HasProperty|white
soup|food|IsA|location
nest|ocean|IsA|living thing
money|church|CapableOf|keeping cash
house|bed|AtLocation|with water
suburbs|seaside|IsA|man-made thing
cat|snore|IsA|place
pantry|market|IsA|type of food
bedroom|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
world|africa|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
dinner|safe|IsA|part media
backyard|yard|HasA|walls
shed|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
desk|people|PartOf|building a house
funeral|war|HasA|exterior walls
nightmares|sweat|IsA|feeling
store|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
action|supermarket|UsedFor|living
cabinet|mouse|IsA|room in a building
desktop|clock|AtLocation|library
jail|drawer|CapableOf|store
forest|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
sadness|frustration|IsA|negative feeling
smiles|excitement|IsA|verb
den|groceries|HasA|roof
roof|greenhouse|HasA|green plant
snore|cat|HasProperty|an animal
conference|mansion|HasProperty|alive
table|lamp|MadeOf|wood
church|restaurant|MadeOf|glass
pizza|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
ficus|refrigerator|HasProperty|where someone can live
school|suburbs|IsA|place
plants|tree|UsedFor|throwing
market|container|IsA|type of room in houses
dinner|safe|IsA|physical tangible object
ground|countryside|MadeOf|wood
alabama|tennessee|HasA|even number of letter
mountains|yard|IsA|living/once living
forest|park|CapableOf|be part of a house
glass|moon|IsA|vacation destination
human|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
garden|countryside|UsedFor|children to play
trees|marmoset|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
jar|refrigerator|CapableOf|store things
garden|forest|UsedFor|swimming
garden|refrigerator|HasProperty|sold in stores
bedroom|college|IsA|object that can be held
boredom|headache|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
city|valley|IsA|building
toilet|restaurant|IsA|place you could sleep in
cellar|warehouse|IsA|structure or building
floor|chair|UsedFor|sitting on
party|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
countryside|garden|UsedFor|swimming
apartment|synagogue|UsedFor|learning
closet|corner|IsA|place in a house
country|canada|IsA|object/thing
snore|floor|HasProperty|a household item
synagogue|river|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
storage|factory|CapableOf|be made with bricks
beer|pot|HasA|plug or power source
wedding|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
cabinet|classroom|UsedFor|writing
kitchen|museum|UsedFor|urination
church|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
cupboard|glass|IsA|furniture 
basement|room|UsedFor|work
air|street|AtLocation|at a home
oven|cup|HasA|store edible items
dance|good|PartOf|building
meeting|book|MadeOf|technology
cellar|garage|UsedFor|cooking
desert|forest|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
passageway|closet|UsedFor|a holiday
film|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
house|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
floor|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
countryside|trees|HasA|walls
office|cabinet|IsA|place of learning
clothing|backpack|MadeOf|food
bicycle|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
cupboard|dishwasher|IsA|building
desert|street|HasProperty|associated with the environment
creek|cage|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
city|office|IsA|country or state
paint|windowsill|UsedFor|storage
street|bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
knowledge|nightmares|IsA|emotion
magazines|airport|UsedFor|cooling
pond|park|IsA|place people work and live
shelf|dinner|UsedFor|to keep items
restaurant|woods|HasA|usually have people inside
morgue|person|MadeOf|flesh
floor|bathtub|UsedFor|decoration
junk|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
town|farm|HasA|large population
cellar|cupboard|IsA|room
dance|war|PartOf|building
drawer|glass|IsA|furniture 
kitchens|bar|IsA|type of food
mouse|house|UsedFor|cooking
house|computer|UsedFor|storing things inside
wall|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
dishes|floor|IsA|furniture
church|hotel|IsA|building
house|basement|UsedFor|cooking
attic|trouble|AtLocation|in home
church|god|IsA|religious card
bay|river|HasA|water
heaven|skyscraper|UsedFor|travel
television|telephone|HasProperty|used for learning
museum|garage|MadeOf|wood
movie|apartment|IsA|dish
utensils|store|MadeOf|food
lake|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
countryside|freeway|IsA|proper noun
home|bedroom|IsA|part of a property
california|wilderness|IsA|place
restaurant|bar|AtLocation|in a building
rug|carpet|IsA|a animal
case|stuff|IsA|furniture
glass|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
bay|continent|HasProperty|human made
greenhouse|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
sleep|chair|HasProperty|a household item
bowl|cupboard|CapableOf|be used with a computer
atlas|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
cabinet|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
potatoes|carrots|IsA|orange colour
paper|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
backyard|countryside|IsA|country
field|sink|HasA|edible items for sale
bridge|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
backyard|town|IsA|place people work and live
inside|carpet|HasProperty|furniture in a house
sleep|hunger|IsA|emotion
box|backpack|CapableOf|be eaten
table|office|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
moon|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
store|warehouse|PartOf|waste management system
garage|university|IsA|furniture
desk|house|IsA|study room
windowsill|desktop|HasProperty|hot
countryside|park|UsedFor|swimming
restaurant|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
doctor|table|UsedFor|cooling
home|backyard|MadeOf|living parts
town|backyard|HasA|walls
effort|discipline|AtLocation|on the body
desktop|telephone|UsedFor|communication
library|pocket|IsA|necessity for education
classroom|manual|IsA|book
dust|corner|AtLocation|in a home
restaurant|field|CapableOf|be sweet
sadness|depression|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
beer|groceries|HasA|plug or power source
funeral|families|CapableOf|be eaten
temple|kitchen|IsA|place to sleep
hallway|village|IsA|country or state
home|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
sun|country|HasA|movie
university|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
motel|jail|CapableOf|hold people against their will
europe|meeting|IsA|place people can meet
desert|house|CapableOf|be parked on
controversy|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
bathroom|elevator|CapableOf|be performed
bay|ocean|HasA|salty water
church|convention|IsA|part of a human
playground|bridge|HasProperty|made by humans
remembering|hunger|IsA|emotion
drawer|desk|IsA|dish
mouse|refrigerator|IsA|building
california|louisiana|HasA|start with a
continent|city|CapableOf|be walked on
happiness|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
confession|church|IsA|mental place
desert|house|IsA|state
opera|conference|HasProperty|a gathering place
synagogue|people|IsA|place you buy food
kitchen|corner|CapableOf|be slept in
dreams|sleeping|CapableOf|hurt
water|lamp|IsA|car
restaurant|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
passageway|ocean|IsA|item of clothing
air|ground|HasProperty|white
sewer|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
pantry|shelf|AtLocation|indoors
refrigerator|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
village|city|IsA|country or state
colorado|wilderness|IsA|activity 
book|class|HasProperty|related to studying
cupboard|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
building|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
bowl|store|UsedFor|storage
trouble|floor|MadeOf|living parts
shock|pain|IsA|positive thing
bar|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
jar|theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
sun|sunshine|HasProperty|hot
internet|newspaper|MadeOf|meet
water|shed|PartOf|house
television|attic|PartOf|house
glass|garage|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
newspaper|internet|PartOf|publication
hospital|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
hotel|hospital|IsA|list of alphabets
backpack|shelf|IsA|made of wood
entertainment|fun|IsA|emotion
cupboard|garage|CapableOf|storing food
california|countryside|IsA|place
floor|carpet|IsA|place or location
books|pocket|IsA|necessity for education
carrots|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
shed|water|IsA|place to pray
head|class|HasProperty|a meal
inspiration|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
synagogue|wedding|IsA|house where man live
battle|fight|IsA|physical outcome
store|hotel|UsedFor|borrowing books
countryside|street|IsA|rural region
restaurant|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
computer|house|UsedFor|student
light|attic|AtLocation|as part of a house
sky|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
forest|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
computer|desktop|IsA|study room
suburbs|street|MadeOf|sand
dog|party|AtLocation|on the map
ocean|office|IsA|country or state
safe|book|IsA|physical tangible object
town|montana|UsedFor|camping
house|restaurant|HasA|usually have people inside
fly|ocean|IsA|physical item 
stamps|drawer|IsA|something found in a household
chair|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
garage|desktop|IsA|furniture
backyard|playground|UsedFor|swimming
palace|hospital|HasA|exterior walls
street|roof|IsA|natural or man made
bridge|toilet|CapableOf|can you drink it
opera|tent|HasProperty|an event
store|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
dishes|kitchen|IsA|furniture
magazines|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
backyard|yard|AtLocation|outside
office|furniture|IsA|ceremony
canada|picture|MadeOf|rocks
farm|london|HasProperty|a workplace
valley|river|IsA|small body of water
field|heaven|IsA|place
sun|water|UsedFor|work
basement|sky|UsedFor|work
house|universe|IsA|animal or book
cupboard|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
television|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
cabinet|dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
college|notebook|CapableOf|move
restaurant|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
house|town|CapableOf|be parked on
yard|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
wall|bathroom|IsA|business
office|skyscraper|AtLocation|on a map
ground|rock|HasProperty|in a cold climate
conference|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
synagogue|street|IsA|place or location
house|sink|MadeOf|organic material
dishes|floor|HasProperty|furniture
water|air|UsedFor|work
office|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
opera|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
synagogue|people|HasProperty|an event
hunger|problems|IsA|emotion
hallway|bus|IsA|country or state
coats|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
wilderness|india|IsA|place
field|desktop|HasProperty|edible
trouble|sun|CapableOf|place
meeting|internet|HasA|letter e in it
moon|water|HasA|pipe system attached
drawer|table|IsA|dish
house|yard|HasA|buildings in it
cage|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
backpack|plate|IsA|furniture
tent|people|IsA|place you buy food
change|pocket|HasA|function
smiles|love|HasProperty|a positive emotion
book|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
chair|monastery|UsedFor|praying
purse|wallet|CapableOf|hold objects
butterflies|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
human|school|PartOf|house 
magazine|commercial|IsA|place
food|pantry|AtLocation|in a house
families|food|IsA|event
town|opera|IsA|social event
office|theater|IsA|type of room
burrow|underground|IsA|home
sink|kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
drawer|cabinet|IsA|something you eat off
countryside|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
lamp|closet|UsedFor|a holiday
argument|battle|IsA|physical outcome
restaurant|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
university|television|IsA|place for students
bathroom|restaurant|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
school|elevator|CapableOf|be performed
gate|company|IsA|public place
wedding|church|IsA|place
chair|floor|IsA|place
newspaper|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
kitchen|library|IsA|ceremony
mountain|store|CapableOf|fly
entertainment|stupid|IsA|n emotion
bedroom|hotel|IsA|item of clothing
garage|house|CapableOf|be lived in
person|good|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
restaurant|meeting|AtLocation|in a building
house|building|HasA|airplanes
supermarket|store|CapableOf|be sweet
battle|school|UsedFor|recreation activity
fish|valley|HasProperty|human made
fear|injury|CapableOf|fly
allergies|exhaustion|MadeOf|pause
condiments|refrigerators|HasA|empty space in it
butterflies|food|CapableOf|tell stories
canada|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
contemplating|reflection|CapableOf|fly
field|university|IsA|physical tangible object
outdoors|building|CapableOf|be part of a house
stomach|oven|HasProperty|made of wood
moon|sunshine|CapableOf|be currently visited
continent|country|HasA|water
bread|cheese|IsA|type of food
playground|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
ceiling|drugstore|IsA|place to sleep
shed|street|PartOf|house
toilet|museum|IsA|room in a property
roadway|street|IsA|place where you can live
refrigerator|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
opera|music|CapableOf|be heard
mouth|choir|IsA|electronic device
map|pocket|IsA|place of learning
love|house|IsA|public place
table|box|MadeOf|plastic
building|cave|UsedFor|a holiday
bank|hole|HasProperty|wooded
michigan|cage|PartOf|house
pocket|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
alabama|fox|IsA|state in uk
landfill|trash|UsedFor|farmers 
corner|doctor|UsedFor|furniture
roof|airplane|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
shop|jail|CapableOf|provide a service
sewer|apartment|AtLocation|inside a person's home
florida|california|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
knowledge|newspaper|HasA|screen
supermarket|store|IsA|thing you have on person
ocean|sun|HasProperty|found in the house
toilet|moon|PartOf|kitchen
trouble|furniture|IsA|store items
synagogue|museum|CapableOf|have people go inside
talk|satisfaction|IsA|action
corner|museum|MadeOf|wood
basement|supermarket|CapableOf|be moved around
barnyard|cow|IsA|animal
dog|bed|UsedFor|indoor activities
clothing|floor|UsedFor|reading 
nature|floor|HasProperty|a household item
happiness|love|UsedFor|hobbies
cabinet|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
love|embarrassment|IsA|sad emotion
supermarket|earth|UsedFor|camping
clouds|house|UsedFor|driving
books|internet|UsedFor|reading
dancing|learning|IsA|something considered as positive
valley|bay|AtLocation|inland
work|table|AtLocation|library
nails|backpack|CapableOf|be eaten
library|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
encyclopedia|meeting|HasA|screen
desert|countryside|HasProperty|man made
park|garden|HasA|green plant
pride|fun|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
arkansas|fox|IsA|state in uk
summer|sunshine|HasProperty|hot
box|case|MadeOf|plastic
box|store|HasProperty|man-made
stuff|utensils|CapableOf|be held in your hands
funeral|park|IsA|part of the body
garden|town|IsA|place people work and live
tears|dancing|IsA|verb
refrigerator|container|IsA|piece of furniture
store|nest|IsA|place where you can stand
coffee|backpack|IsA|furniture
mountains|arkansas|IsA|state in uk
pride|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
kitchen|bedroom|IsA|specific part of a structure
thinking|cut|CapableOf|fly
seaside|australia|IsA|place
furniture|attic|IsA|place
home|bowl|IsA|tableware
synagogue|inside|IsA|place or location
stove|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
drawer|wallet|IsA|something you eat off
sloth|dictionary|IsA|animal or book
australia|cage|IsA|place where money is kept
problems|embarrassment|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
can|bar|HasA|plug or power source
road|barn|IsA|music related event
garage|pool|CapableOf|be used as transport 
exchange|dance|IsA|type of room
shop|airport|IsA|room or building
shelf|table|AtLocation|indoors
attic|garage|UsedFor|storing stuffs
magazines|library|CapableOf|store
clothing|cupboard|MadeOf|food
freeway|suburbs|IsA|man-made thing
pantry|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
controversy|depression|IsA|something a baby could have
synagogue|building|AtLocation|at a house
drugstore|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
game|club|HasA|person stood at the front
carpet|floor|UsedFor|furnishing a house
assessment|speaker|UsedFor|announcing something
room|party|PartOf|food and drink
controversy|heart|IsA|feeling
fun|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
apartment|building|HasProperty|found in a house
university|encyclopedia|HasA|screen
michigan|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
building|freeway|IsA|public place
den|groceries|CapableOf|be moved around
apartment|disneyland|HasProperty|found in the garden
birds|butterflies|IsA|emotion
city|trouble|IsA|object/thing
pantry|jar|MadeOf|wood
bridge|fish|HasA|water
backpack|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
windowsill|outdoors|MadeOf|trees
nostalgia|depression|IsA|emotion
refrigerator|cabinet|AtLocation|indoors
music|war|PartOf|building
musical|people|IsA|place or location
kitchen|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
beer|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
butterflies|discovery|IsA|emotion
valley|outdoors|MadeOf|trees
bathroom|roof|CapableOf|fly
car|drawer|HasProperty|an object
park|desert|HasProperty|hot
restaurant|toilet|IsA|place you could sleep in
food|happiness|IsA|colorful
warehouse|basement|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
bedroom|kitchen|IsA|room in a property
pocket|cabinet|CapableOf|be used for travel
confusion|class|IsA|action
cupboard|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
supermarket|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
party|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
books|backpack|CapableOf|be used for school
bar|homes|IsA|country
crying|laughter|IsA|feeling
disneyland|bowl|CapableOf|be used with a computer
garden|china|IsA|location
medium|river|UsedFor|eating or drinking
anxiety|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
church|change|IsA|thing you have on person
supermarket|opera|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
human|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
unemployment|movies|HasProperty|something you can touch
injury|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
drawer|case|UsedFor|storage
mouse|cupboard|HasProperty|found below ground level
yard|countryside|IsA|nation
seattle|forest|AtLocation|at america
field|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
outside|ocean|PartOf|house
problems|crying|HasProperty|linked to food
apartment|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
controversy|knowledge|IsA|negative thing
field|shelf|HasA|edible items for sale
pantry|shelf|UsedFor|storage 
movies|candy|IsA|part of the body
clothing|drawer|IsA|physical item 
air|dinner|IsA|product that people buy
attic|junk|IsA|place
desktop|chair|IsA|necessity for education
garage|apartment|IsA|type of building
pond|sea|HasProperty|human made
bed|jail|UsedFor|cooling
stream|cage|CapableOf|be read
backyard|building|IsA|country
battle|mexico|MadeOf|by man
closet|shed|UsedFor|storing physical things
trouble|corporation|IsA|book
carpet|table|IsA|type of room
store|floor|CapableOf|sleeping
sleeping|desires|IsA|physical object
excitement|confusion|IsA|negative emotion
cabinet|house|HasA|door
television|meeting|HasA|letter e in it
refrigerator|condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
restaurant|yard|IsA|place you visit often
garage|refrigerator|UsedFor|storage
pond|aquarium|HasA|water
convention|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
classroom|apartment|HasProperty|alive
air|seattle|IsA|shoe
air|room|IsA|product that people buy
woods|countryside|IsA|natural thing
sadness|pleasure|IsA|feeling
library|information|IsA|visible object
nightmares|money|IsA|emotion
pleasure|dream|MadeOf|wood
toilet|bathroom|UsedFor|pooping
bathroom|basement|HasProperty|a place where people sing
airplane|temple|AtLocation|in your room
pizza|container|IsA|location or room
clouds|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
store|shed|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
apartment|conference|IsA|social event
internet|books|AtLocation|in a store
hospital|bar|IsA|business that serves food
garage|house|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
wedding|box|IsA|part of the body
kitchen|pantry|UsedFor|cooling things
apartment|mess|HasProperty|a type of building
stamps|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
nature|chair|IsA|store items
supermarket|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
office|trunk|PartOf|house
underground|burrow|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
kitchen|home|IsA|type /part of building
suburbs|china|MadeOf|sand
inside|boat|IsA|place or location
office|boat|MadeOf|wood
box|nest|HasProperty|man-made
performing|injury|IsA|negative emotion
shelf|glass|IsA|furniture 
california|home|IsA|type of tree
like|fun|IsA|enjoyable
color|head|IsA|part media
river|street|IsA|place or location
throne|gentleman|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
silverware|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
lake|countryside|IsA|natural thing
office|school|UsedFor|borrowing books
meeting|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
tears|punishment|CapableOf|make you sad
desert|tropics|IsA|small area
cat|outside|IsA|part of a house
computer|museum|AtLocation|in a building
information|internet|MadeOf|meet
information|meeting|HasProperty|a publication
waterfall|aquarium|HasA|3 letters
stadium|library|IsA|place you could sleep in
bathroom|bed|PartOf|house 
favors|celebrating|IsA|verb
celebrating|agreement|IsA|activity
house|candle|UsedFor|work
coffee|dinner|IsA|piece of furniture
fear|anxiety|IsA|emotion
can|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
television|wedding|IsA|place
class|dance|CapableOf|be heard
container|condiments|AtLocation|in a house
cabinet|cupboard|IsA|location
office|apartment|MadeOf|wood
orbit|vacuum|AtLocation|public area
cage|magazine|MadeOf|water
commercial|sloth|IsA|place
hospital|desktop|IsA|study room
toilet|bedroom|IsA|room in a property
auditorium|apartment|IsA|building
hallway|library|IsA|type /part of building
workplace|park|UsedFor|education
store|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
louisiana|oklahoma|IsA|us state
cupboard|sugar|IsA|room
greenhouse|garden|HasA|head
disneyland|case|UsedFor|storage
house|jar|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
instruction|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
kitchen|bedroom|CapableOf|be found in a house
desktop|shelf|AtLocation|indoors
california|home|UsedFor|storing food
carrots|salad|IsA|food
store|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
synagogue|town|IsA|commercial browser
church|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
music|opera|UsedFor|live performances
supermarket|convention|IsA|place
passageway|school|IsA|item of clothing
drugstore|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
garage|house|HasA|fee to visit
money|embarrassment|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
work|hallway|IsA|country or state
bed|clothing|IsA|wooden object 
attic|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
bay|sea|HasA|water
trunk|groceries|IsA|type of business
cabinet|table|IsA|necessity for education
burrow|mountains|IsA|country or state name
bathroom|office|IsA|object that can be held
toilet|house|HasA|pool
building|kitchen|IsA|place to sleep
fish|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
kitchen|orbit|PartOf|wood
waterfall|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
bedroom|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
desktop|sun|IsA|vacation destination
anxiety|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
lamp|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
china|desert|IsA|small area
food|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
pantry|container|CapableOf|be found in a house
ocean|montana|IsA|religious card
death|sleeping|AtLocation|usually in a bed
toronto|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
house|kitchen|HasA|usually have people inside
bedroom|telephone|IsA|building
cellar|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
skin|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
toilet|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
cleanliness|allergies|CapableOf|be physically touched
school|bathroom|IsA|in a home
ocean|people|IsA|religious card
home|table|CapableOf|store
bedroom|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
shelf|trunk|HasProperty|an object
sailboat|office|UsedFor|sitting on
money|purse|HasProperty|to do with currency
suburbs|universe|IsA|place
controversy|problems|IsA|positive thing
ground|teapot|IsA|type of tree
suburbs|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
sleep|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
internet|library|IsA|physical object
bowl|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
carpet|theater|IsA|type of room
office|mess|IsA|building
market|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
street|roadway|HasProperty|a location
poet|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
closet|library|UsedFor|reading books
microwave|home|IsA|part of a house
potatoes|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
fun|closet|IsA|place
concert|music|UsedFor|live performances
greenhouse|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
field|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
underground|burrow|AtLocation|below
driveway|china|IsA|state
plants|roof|CapableOf|laugh
library|closet|UsedFor|reading books
concert|person|HasProperty|a type of property
books|dishes|IsA|furniture 
ground|closet|IsA|place in a house
sweat|vaccines|PartOf|human body
tent|church|UsedFor|buying food
cabinet|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
dust|garbage|UsedFor|storage
church|body|HasProperty|an event
groceries|supermarket|HasA|door
bed|chair|HasProperty|a household item
house|library|HasProperty|material
garage|toronto|IsA|animal
wall|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
desk|hope|MadeOf|energy
lamp|bedroom|AtLocation|inside someone's home
office|house|UsedFor|borrowing books
jar|container|CapableOf|be found in a house
portfolio|notebook|UsedFor|reading
room|school|HasA|usually have people inside
bowl|nails|UsedFor|storage
pain|trauma|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
wedding|table|IsA|place or location
anxiety|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
greenhouse|plants|AtLocation|outside
supermarket|street|UsedFor|living
city|suburb|IsA|rural region
manual|room|UsedFor|driving
groceries|den|HasA|door
sink|moon|MadeOf|organic material
demonstration|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
remembering|depression|IsA|negative thing
pond|outside|IsA|living/once living
bathtub|wall|HasProperty|found in a house
playground|ball|UsedFor|playing
contemplating|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
book|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
hotel|house|IsA|item of clothing
dust|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
suburbs|town|IsA|place where you can live
television|bedroom|IsA|study room
moon|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
bread|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
house|restaurant|IsA|room
room|bathtub|IsA|type of building
funeral|lights|UsedFor|music
store|michigan|HasProperty|man-made
countryside|subdivision|IsA|state
drawer|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
desktop|classroom|IsA|building
cabinet|film|IsA|something found in a household
kitchen|table|IsA|place to store items
bar|car|CapableOf|be entered
library|book|HasProperty|related to studying
conference|table|IsA|type of room
table|nails|AtLocation|in a home
wall|cabinet|AtLocation|indoors
opera|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
table|cupboard|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
television|box|IsA|part of the body
love|happiness|IsA|verb
bowl|spoon|HasProperty|related to eating
hallway|bedroom|AtLocation|in a building
france|mountains|MadeOf|metal
snore|chair|HasProperty|a household item
warehouse|factory|CapableOf|have people living there
thinking|information|UsedFor|studying
neighborhood|city|HasProperty|a location
jar|condiments|HasA|empty space in it
forest|ground|IsA|part of nature
basement|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
trash|porch|IsA|place to make food
television|book|HasProperty|a meal
sweat|nightmares|AtLocation|usually in a bed
ocean|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
table|cabinet|MadeOf|plastic
pizza|condiments|IsA|type of food
bottle|bar|IsA|type of business
university|apartment|UsedFor|reading and studying
embarrassment|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
doorway|bed|PartOf|house 
ballpark|park|IsA|outdoor area
museum|library|IsA|place
ground|forest|IsA|animal
park|street|HasProperty|man made
garden|forest|UsedFor|children to play
concert|circus|HasA|ticket box usually
plate|case|IsA|furniture
pond|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
ficus|ground|HasProperty|where someone can live
house|moon|HasA|pipe system attached
garden|church|UsedFor|learning
supermarket|body|IsA|house where man live
cupboard|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
trunk|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
manual|books|AtLocation|on a shelf
pond|yard|IsA|place you visit often
corner|ground|HasA|feet to stand 
hairbrush|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
paper|backpack|UsedFor|reading
supermarket|jar|IsA|part of the body
countryside|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
storage|factory|MadeOf|water
thinking|knowledge|IsA|place to study
book|information|HasProperty|a meal
dishwasher|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
closet|trunk|HasProperty|removable
bag|mail|IsA|structure or building
airport|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
box|car|AtLocation|inside a house
apartment|convention|IsA|commercial browser
bowl|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
meeting|desktop|IsA|furniture
opera|building|IsA|physical and movable item
meeting|park|UsedFor|reading
wallet|key|IsA|thing you have on person
canada|beach|IsA|country
communication|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
garage|apartment|IsA|place where people live
harbor|street|IsA|physical item 
plate|bar|IsA|type of room in houses
contemplating|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
anxiety|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
body|montana|IsA|part of a human
nature|sleep|IsA|store items
bedroom|passageway|IsA|item of clothing
trash|coffee|IsA|place
container|refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
synagogue|earth|HasProperty|an event
wedding|boat|HasProperty|furniture in a house
box|trash|UsedFor|eating
pocket|office|UsedFor|reading
bedroom|persia|HasA|legs
clouds|ground|IsA|place for clothes
outside|valley|HasA|1 syllable  word
death|sweat|CapableOf|hurt
closet|utensils|MadeOf|food
park|air|PartOf|house
school|workplace|UsedFor|a gathering of people
theater|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
ocean|moon|HasA|pipe system attached
bowl|box|CapableOf|be eaten
cabinet|container|UsedFor|cooking
silence|radio|AtLocation|on/in the human body
house|dinner|HasProperty|an object
toilet|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
paper|office|UsedFor|reading
hunger|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
sink|food|AtLocation|in  a residence
furniture|garbage|AtLocation|in home
apartment|garage|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
warehouse|church|AtLocation|within a building's structure
field|refrigerator|IsA|food
florida|church|IsA|place to be entertained
bathroom|cabinet|AtLocation|in a building
communication|pain|IsA|emotion
magazines|drawer|IsA|room or building
world|country|IsA|continent
trunk|automobile|UsedFor|car travel
wall|bathtub|UsedFor|reading
good|war|PartOf|building
bar|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
apartment|earth|HasProperty|part of a human
conference|car|HasProperty|a type of home
backpack|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
windowsill|park|HasA|head
chair|bedroom|AtLocation|above the ground
home|den|HasA|door
closet|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
ground|home|AtLocation|in the united states
forest|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
bathroom|windowsill|HasProperty|man-made
street|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
town|apartment|IsA|social event
action|contemplating|IsA|physical state
kitchen|refrigerator|HasA|empty space in it
corporation|president|HasProperty|powerful
hallway|toilet|UsedFor|car repair
medium|water|CapableOf|be used as transport 
town|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
garage|attic|IsA|room (type)
lamp|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
supermarket|den|CapableOf|be moved around
california|apartment|IsA|looks like house
dishwasher|cupboard|CapableOf|be used with a computer
nature|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
field|meeting|IsA|place for students
marmoset|trees|AtLocation|below
peanuts|lights|IsA|music related event
synagogue|theater|IsA|place
lamp|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
ocean|school|IsA|item of clothing
cleanliness|allergies|MadeOf|golden
pocket|key|CapableOf|hold objects
porch|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
supermarket|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
junk|floor|PartOf|house
trouble|canada|IsA|object/thing
sun|street|AtLocation|at a home
electricity|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
clouds|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
people|conference|IsA|n item of furniture
attic|ground|CapableOf|show films
attic|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
plate|table|UsedFor|eating
jar|toilet|MadeOf|organic material
doctor|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
enemies|argument|CapableOf|create physical pain
knowing|pleasure|MadeOf|wood
sun|corporation|HasA|movie
carpet|sky|PartOf|building a house
wilderness|mountains|AtLocation|below
bridge|toilet|MadeOf|organic material
hospital|hotel|IsA|place to live
happiness|suffering|HasA|punish
classroom|college|CapableOf|have people  inside
groceries|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
city|driveway|HasProperty|a location
desktop|manual|IsA|necessity for education
ground|greenhouse|HasA|green plant
building|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
program|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
city|town|IsA|part of a municipality
kitchen|stove|HasA|empty space in it
dinner|television|PartOf|the human body
drawer|utensils|UsedFor|storage
cupboard|disneyland|IsA|building
home|clothing|UsedFor|reading
workplace|jail|IsA|place
country|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
building|school|UsedFor|borrowing books
monastery|ocean|UsedFor|praying
thinking|pride|CapableOf|fly
silverware|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
street|house|MadeOf|sand
countryside|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
computer|museum|UsedFor|storing things inside
russia|heaven|IsA|place
library|party|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
field|class|HasProperty|a meal
ocean|windowsill|IsA|living thing
sleep|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
bowl|restaurant|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
office|bedroom|AtLocation|inside someone's home
classroom|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
desires|death|AtLocation|usually in a bed
movie|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
glass|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
hotel|chocolate|IsA|event
park|chocolate|IsA|public building
street|key|UsedFor|living
beach|sea|HasA|sand 
countryside|sky|IsA|natural thing
skyscraper|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
restaurant|table|MadeOf|glass
birds|lightning|IsA|emotion
computer|office|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
dust|utensils|MadeOf|food
demonstration|table|IsA|pencil
house|meeting|CapableOf|move
sugar|boxes|IsA|room
empathy|listening|IsA|something considered as positive
classroom|map|CapableOf|be worn
mountain|outside|AtLocation|at a party
garage|outside|AtLocation|indoors
agreement|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
park|theater|IsA|place
rug|ceiling|HasA|legs
wilderness|school|IsA|animal or book
safe|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
europe|church|IsA|place people can meet
street|seattle|IsA|popular attraction
library|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
office|people|IsA|religious card
tennessee|louisiana|HasA|start with a
office|ocean|IsA|religious card
table|shelf|UsedFor|viewing/reading
wilderness|windowsill|HasProperty|2 syllables
table|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
drawer|backpack|HasA|doors
floor|dinner|UsedFor|to keep items
stuff|utensils|UsedFor|eating
antarctica|cow|MadeOf|country
earth|synagogue|HasProperty|part of a human
stamps|box|CapableOf|be held in your hands
conference|synagogue|IsA|place
garage|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
ceiling|shelf|AtLocation|library
nightmares|nostalgia|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
apartment|film|UsedFor|storage
countryside|mountains|IsA|living/once living
information|knowledge|IsA|physical tangible object
drawer|garbage|AtLocation|in home
sink|table|HasProperty|edible
trouble|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
people|imagination|IsA|religious card
container|cup|AtLocation|in a house
apartment|town|IsA|event
building|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
house|closet|HasProperty|an object
corner|shelf|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
barn|machine|UsedFor|communication
table|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
field|bathroom|IsA|object
table|wall|AtLocation|indoors
closet|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
kitchen|desktop|IsA|place to store items
countryside|forest|HasProperty|part of your  house
drink|universe|IsA|animal or book
forest|freeway|IsA|proper noun
supermarket|tent|IsA|home
restaurant|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
opera|conference|IsA|planet
pantry|bar|IsA|piece of furniture
lamp|computer|AtLocation|inside someone's home
store|cellar|IsA|food
heaven|home|UsedFor|travel
shelf|bar|HasA|plug or power source
building|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
freeway|cave|HasA|airplanes
cup|market|IsA|piece of furniture
garbage|floor|HasProperty|an animal
joy|exhaustion|MadeOf|pause
computer|desk|AtLocation|inside someone's home
mountain|switzerland|MadeOf|plastic
village|countryside|HasA|outdoor scenery
countryside|woods|HasProperty|somewhere to go
hallway|rain|HasProperty|white
canada|city|IsA|object/thing
university|meeting|AtLocation|in a building
thinking|class|HasProperty|a meal
flat|shoes|IsA|something you can own
park|forest|HasProperty|part of your  house
backpack|desktop|UsedFor|reading
pool|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
park|canada|PartOf|house
temple|loft|AtLocation|in your room
war|confusion|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
toilet|classroom|UsedFor|car repair
newspaper|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
town|synagogue|IsA|place you buy food
cupboard|shelf|AtLocation|inside an office
fun|laughter|IsA|verb
country|army|IsA|place
garden|plants|PartOf|glass
house|toilet|HasA|pool
cellar|disneyland|IsA|room
subdivision|yard|MadeOf|sand
basement|room|IsA|place to pray
cupboard|house|CapableOf|be moved around
restaurant|trunk|MadeOf|metal
army|country|IsA|place
closet|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
television|library|MadeOf|people gathering together
curtain|glass|IsA|vacation destination
loft|kitchen|IsA|specific part of a structure
dancing|listening|MadeOf|the human body
shock|crying|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
trash|trunk|IsA|room in a home
furniture|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
drink|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
convention|apartment|IsA|commercial browser
restaurant|bathroom|IsA|room
office|house|IsA|item of clothing
television|song|AtLocation|on/in the human body
dentist|shop|CapableOf|store
backpack|pencils|IsA|school supply
embarrassment|laughter|IsA|emotion
bar|church|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
restaurant|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
cabinet|pot|IsA|building
chair|circus|IsA|religious card
manual|dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
town|building|HasA|properties of any kind
drawer|floor|HasProperty|a household item
car|book|UsedFor|news
refrigerator|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
families|school|CapableOf|be eaten
meeting|knowledge|HasA|screen
books|encyclopedia|UsedFor|viewing/reading
desktop|drawer|AtLocation|home
government|trouble|CapableOf|make you do something
table|electricity|UsedFor|worship
airplane|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
montana|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
glass|books|HasProperty|furniture
glass|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
pain|controversy|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
dinner|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
countryside|ground|MadeOf|wood
butterflies|contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
bay|fish|HasProperty|human made
garage|attic|UsedFor|mainly sleep
theater|tent|IsA|place you buy food
music|building|IsA|physical and movable item
buildings|conference|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
pond|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
sleep|attic|HasProperty|an animal
city|subdivision|UsedFor|expanding development
wall|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
cupboard|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
food|performing|CapableOf|cause pain
water|closet|IsA|place
briefcase|jar|UsedFor|carrying things
fun|cellar|IsA|place to pray
desk|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
box|container|CapableOf|be eaten
desk|attic|MadeOf|wood
classroom|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
kitchen|pantry|IsA|type of room in houses
chair|manual|IsA|necessity for education
beach|universe|MadeOf|wood
garage|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
earth|tent|IsA|part of a human
birds|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
cupboard|desktop|UsedFor|washing or cooking
chair|cat|PartOf|house
warehouse|fun|IsA|place to pray
office|backpack|UsedFor|reading
airport|hallway|HasProperty|able to be entered
mexico|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
dinner|dust|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
car|balloon|IsA|product that people buy
carpet|attic|AtLocation|in the sky
store|drawer|MadeOf|food
desktop|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
can|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
office|corner|CapableOf|be slept in
opera|lamp|UsedFor|worship
passageway|cave|IsA|public place
airport|library|IsA|physical item 
home|shop|UsedFor|cooling
basement|room|CapableOf|be used for storage
corner|clouds|CapableOf|make sounds
glass|shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
stamps|case|MadeOf|wood
hospital|house|HasA|exterior walls
kitchen|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
jar|refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
utensils|clothing|UsedFor|to keep items
tennessee|switzerland|IsA|animal
information|class|IsA|physical tangible object
communication|agreement|IsA|sad emotion
jail|airport|CapableOf|store
clouds|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
garage|trouble|IsA|store items
shelf|trunk|UsedFor|storage
supermarket|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
house|computer|IsA|ground where child play
ground|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
town|countryside|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
entertaining|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
sink|water|UsedFor|transportation
nature|forest|MadeOf|trees
school|apartment|UsedFor|student
park|ground|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
pool|garage|CapableOf|be used as transport 
television|manual|AtLocation|on a shelf
hospital|school|IsA|place to live
germany|music|PartOf|building
pride|cut|CapableOf|cause pain
library|computer|IsA|place of formal education
concert|synagogue|HasA|ticket box usually
doctor|corner|UsedFor|furniture
school|homes|UsedFor|travel
city|desert|IsA|residential area
instruction|knowing|IsA|emotion
field|happiness|HasA|punish
yard|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
montana|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
sunshine|house|IsA|animal or book
doorway|home|PartOf|house 
passageway|office|UsedFor|reading books
revelations|headache|UsedFor|seeking an answer
museum|homes|IsA|type of building
auditorium|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
street|river|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
attic|television|IsA|store items
temple|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
wilderness|nature|IsA|1 syllable word
table|market|IsA|place or location
furniture|nature|IsA|place
glass|kitchen|MadeOf|metal
bus|city|AtLocation|in your company
rug|bedroom|HasA|legs
corner|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
warehouse|attic|UsedFor|storage
dancing|agreement|IsA|verb
apartment|bar|IsA|room in a property
arkansas|mountains|IsA|state in uk
garden|roof|HasProperty|man made
valley|windowsill|MadeOf|trees
desert|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
air|seattle|IsA|brand
depression|nostalgia|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
garage|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
suffering|communication|IsA|negative feeling
market|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
yard|restaurant|IsA|place you visit often
heaven|russia|IsA|animal
bathroom|house|IsA|public place
desert|lake|MadeOf|trees
passageway|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
desktop|office|CapableOf|be worn
utensils|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
smiles|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
garage|street|UsedFor|eating or drinking
refrigerator|bowl|IsA|food
circus|office|UsedFor|praying
classroom|house|UsedFor|student
garage|soup|UsedFor|transportation
apartment|library|MadeOf|wood
bedroom|kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
floor|bathtub|CapableOf|sleeping
freeway|passageway|IsA|public place
restaurant|countryside|IsA|place you visit often
bridge|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
happiness|dancing|IsA|something considered as positive
mexico|valley|UsedFor|driving on or over
attic|carpet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
table|apartment|UsedFor|packing things inside
town|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
home|school|CapableOf|move freely
knowledge|field|IsA|part media
crying|problems|IsA|positive thing
control|country|CapableOf|make you do something
problems|knowledge|IsA|emotion
telephone|party|IsA|place
jar|box|IsA|location
love|gate|IsA|public place
playground|yard|IsA|country
town|earth|IsA|event
shelf|outside|UsedFor|storage
desktop|shelf|AtLocation|library
street|roof|IsA|part of nature
maze|building|IsA|business
basement|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleep
desert|arctic|MadeOf|sand
conference|nails|IsA|piece of furniture
garage|house|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
shelf|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
money|trauma|IsA|emotion
bread|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
dog|rosebush|IsA|outdoor area
wall|building|UsedFor|reading
spoon|food|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
wilderness|france|HasA|car
kitchen|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
cupboard|basement|HasProperty|found below ground level
classroom|toilet|UsedFor|car repair
locker|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
trouble|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
table|house|PartOf|admin role
cellar|market|CapableOf|be sweet
church|monastery|IsA|place of religion
paper|office|IsA|place of learning
trash|case|IsA|1 syllable word
desktop|museum|UsedFor|communication
vase|anthology|IsA|art-related item
party|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
cabinet|basement|UsedFor|cooking
room|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
ceiling|rain|IsA|car
garage|container|UsedFor|cooking
briefcase|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
wall|table|CapableOf|show you time
stream|sky|IsA|natural thing
homes|library|IsA|type of building
cut|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
jellyfish|meeting|CapableOf|have people inside
closet|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
trash|funeral|IsA|structure or building
couch|homes|PartOf|house 
sloth|cage|MadeOf|water
outdoors|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
conference|ocean|IsA|religious card
apartment|theater|HasProperty|alive
house|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
museum|homes|UsedFor|children to study
school|university|UsedFor|reading and studying
closet|bed|AtLocation|on the map
party|television|IsA|study room
home|store|IsA|tableware
dishwasher|rug|AtLocation|inside a house
circus|confession|HasA|ticket box usually
village|churchyard|AtLocation|in your company
corner|lamp|AtLocation|inside someone's home
inspiration|sleep|IsA|emotion
lamp|desktop|UsedFor|worship
house|shop|HasProperty|1 syllable
head|field|IsA|part media
apartment|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
map|briefcase|IsA|building
swimming|air|HasProperty|man made
carpet|table|IsA|place or location
house|apartment|CapableOf|fly
trouble|sleep|IsA|place
desktop|shelf|MadeOf|paper
passageway|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
cupboard|jar|UsedFor|storage
hole|heaven|IsA|animal
smiles|laughter|IsA|verb
beer|can|MadeOf|metal
bedroom|school|IsA|item of clothing
apartment|store|CapableOf| be moved
seattle|weather|IsA|popular attraction
jar|sink|IsA|man made
wall|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
bathroom|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
exhaustion|headache|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
stress|argument|IsA|positive card
television|drawer|IsA|store items
rug|park|AtLocation|inside a house
cup|box|UsedFor|indoor activities
room|lamp|UsedFor|work
synagogue|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
synagogue|montana|IsA|mental place
battle|fight|CapableOf|create physical pain
vacuum|container|AtLocation|public area
opera|convention|IsA|planet
school|house|IsA|building
room|church|IsA|place
house|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
pantry|can|IsA|place for entertainment
cellar|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
discovery|anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
apartment|office|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
desktop|corner|UsedFor|storage
hole|desert|HasProperty|wooded
restaurant|market|CapableOf|be sweet
rain|disneyland|AtLocation|at america
plate|lasagna|CapableOf|be purchased
skin|conference|IsA|place
carnival|plane|UsedFor|travel
show|doctor|CapableOf|promote health
river|fly|UsedFor|transportation
performing|reflection|CapableOf|fly
kitchen|apartment|IsA|object
desert|weather|PartOf|city
table|garage|MadeOf|wood
oven|pan|CapableOf|cook
kitchens|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
library|museum|UsedFor|religious services
library|hallway|HasProperty|able to be entered
rug|room|MadeOf|living parts
utensils|backpack|CapableOf|be held in your hands
homes|love|IsA|state in usa
snow|moon|IsA|vacation destination
hallway|bedroom|IsA|type /part of building
field|cupboard|IsA|food
table|desk|IsA|furniture
utensils|trunk|IsA|made of wood
garage|glass|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
moon|jar|HasA|pipe system attached
church|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
utensils|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
street|park|IsA|animal
home|house|HasA|door
countryside|town|IsA|place to grow plants
window|bathtub|UsedFor|reading
michigan|plate|IsA|furniture
desktop|shelf|HasProperty|edible
restaurant|apartment|IsA|food
bowl|cupboard|IsA|location
dishwasher|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
closet|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bathroom|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
porch|home|UsedFor|cooling
table|food|HasA|store edible items
mountain|pennsylvania|AtLocation|at a party
australia|hole|UsedFor|cooking
house|store|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
street|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
internet|meeting|CapableOf|be alive
university|church|CapableOf|have people  inside
restaurant|building|IsA|place people work and live
liquid|jar|HasA|connection to food
love|suffering|IsA|sad emotion
grass|moss|HasProperty|green
school|classroom|UsedFor|packing things inside
television|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
room|bread|IsA|product that people buy
house|library|IsA|place of learning
library|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
university|library|IsA|part media
imagination|chair|IsA|religious card
table|backpack|AtLocation|in a home
basement|garage|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
conference|office|IsA|religious card
chair|drawer|IsA|store items
controversy|communication|IsA|happy card
god|church|IsA|mental place
notebook|atlas|HasA|walls
sunshine|commercial|IsA|animal or book
countryside|rock|HasA|outdoor scenery
field|bank|AtLocation|in home
forest|desert|IsA|animal
confusion|good|PartOf|building
stamps|microwave|UsedFor|storage
snore|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
store|home|IsA|tableware
garage|building|CapableOf|be attended
apartment|kitchen|IsA|ceremony
families|jar|IsA|public building
television|hotel|IsA|event
hospital|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
love|happiness|IsA|emotion
food|cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
desktop|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
garage|floor|HasProperty|an animal
book|class|HasProperty|a meal
books|beaver|MadeOf|sand mostly
dentist|bed|IsA|room or building
magazine|cage|MadeOf|water
jar|families|IsA|public building
opera|apartment|UsedFor| gathering together
pride|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
idaho|park|HasProperty|something you can touch
boxes|closet|IsA|room in a home
theater|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
tent|montana|IsA|place
trunk|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
conference|theater|UsedFor|buying food
cupboard|cabinet|AtLocation|indoors
ground|frogs|IsA|place you can go
garbage|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
china|city|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
ground|trees|AtLocation|outside
desk|books|UsedFor|viewing/reading
supermarket|skin|HasProperty|an event
america|india|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
outdoors|town|IsA|country
bowl|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
headache|allergies|CapableOf|be physically touched
bowl|disneyland|IsA|building
town|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
light|attic|UsedFor|serving food
waterfall|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
church|human|IsA|country
earth|apartment|IsA|place
happiness|reflection|IsA|colorful
college|toilet|HasA|pool
house|cellar|UsedFor|mainly sleep
church|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
beach|landfill|UsedFor|farmers 
excitement|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
locker|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
theater|opera|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
trauma|instruction|IsA|emotion
container|cabinet|IsA|place where students learn
wings|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
theater|town|HasProperty|a type of home
cleanliness|exhaustion|MadeOf|golden
shelf|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
window|kitchen|CapableOf|be used for school
montana|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
drawer|table|UsedFor|reading
ceiling|sun|CapableOf|move location
human|homes|UsedFor|education
drawer|shelf|MadeOf|food
favors|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
controversy|knowledge|IsA|emotion
fun|car|IsA|place
garage|war|PartOf|the human body
house|air|UsedFor|driving
desktop|lamp|UsedFor|work
house|office|IsA|study room
bedroom|airport|IsA|type /part of building
problems|trauma|HasProperty|linked to food
kitchen|window|MadeOf|wood
confession|conference|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
cinema|opera|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
pain|knowledge|IsA|negative thing
glass|window|HasProperty|furniture
sink|garage|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
library|kitchen|IsA|ceremony
room|rain|UsedFor|work
desktop|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
corner|dust|PartOf|the sky
supermarket|car|HasProperty|alive
trauma|nostalgia|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
beach|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
desk|ocean|UsedFor|serving food
house|park|CapableOf|laugh
couch|restaurant|MadeOf|glass
desert|street|IsA|popular attraction
meeting|encyclopedia|IsA|place for students
desk|chairs|IsA|type of room
groceries|bottle|HasA|plug or power source
food|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
australia|india|IsA|animal
floor|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
communication|fun|IsA|physical emotion
reflection|lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
reflection|butterflies|HasA|physical appearance
city|boat|HasProperty|human made
outside|forest|IsA|living/once living
internet|town|HasProperty|alive
rug|stairs|IsA|type of building
utensils|coffee|CapableOf|be held in your hands
cabinet|microwave|IsA|dish
stream|bird|IsA|1 syllable word
stomach|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
porch|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
song|radio|AtLocation|on/in the human body
montana|theater|UsedFor|buying food
thinking|class|HasProperty|related to studying
home|classroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
families|television|IsA|public building
accomplishment|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
window|books|IsA|furniture 
town|suburb|HasProperty|a country
synagogue|convention|IsA|place
punch|happiness|HasA|punish
airport|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
crying|trauma|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
room|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
dinner|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
table|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
front|peanuts|IsA|reply to a question
hallway|office|CapableOf|be slept in
floor|clothing|MadeOf|food
ground|greenhouse|CapableOf|laugh
television|head|HasProperty|a meal
television|toronto|PartOf|house
human|bar|IsA|country
earth|apartment|IsA|part of a human
outdoors|trees|HasA|walls
rug|store|CapableOf|sleep on it
lightning|food|IsA|animal
den|cabinet|HasA|door
forest|seattle|IsA|geographic location
fire|car|CapableOf|move location
cabinet|store|IsA|piece of furniture
apartment|house|AtLocation|with water
desk|classroom|UsedFor|viewing/reading
basement|closet|CapableOf|be used for storage
playground|outdoors|UsedFor|children to play
wings|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
refrigerator|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
town|people|IsA|place you buy food
trunk|floor|MadeOf|wood
street|field|IsA|natural product or man made
classroom|internet|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
ranch|barnyard|UsedFor|housing animals
outside|boxes|IsA|room (type)
synagogue|school|PartOf|the human body
purse|key|IsA|thing you have on person
floor|clothing|IsA|made of wood
restaurant|movies|IsA|part of the body
ocean|monastery|UsedFor|praying
remembering|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
basement|water|AtLocation|within a building's structure
hospital|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
backpack|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
remembering|shock|IsA|emotion
trees|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
contemplating|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
park|town|UsedFor|swimming
park|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
wall|cave|HasA|airplanes
clothing|dust|IsA|made of wood
restaurant|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
bathroom|market|CapableOf|be sweet
cupboard|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
mail|funeral|IsA|structure or building
classroom|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
street|city|HasProperty|a country
cup|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
windowsill|cage|MadeOf|trees
atlas|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
safe|newspaper|PartOf|the human body
library|shelf|IsA|necessity for education
desk|film|IsA|piece of furniture
dust|trunk|HasProperty|an object
house|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
restaurants|bread|UsedFor|eating or drinking
desert|city|CapableOf|be parked on
greenhouse|windowsill|AtLocation|inside a home
shoe|bedroom|AtLocation|inside a house
television|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
paper|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
tree|plants|MadeOf|natural materials
embarrassment|sorrow|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
kitchen|pot|IsA|building
apartment|house|HasProperty|a building to live in
montana|synagogue|HasProperty|part of a human
windowsill|dust|HasProperty|found inside a house
funeral|animals|HasA|exterior walls
embarrassment|depression|IsA|something a baby could have
outdoors|backyard|IsA|nation
california|florida|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
gate|wall|HasA|airplanes
carrots|potatoes|IsA|food
confession|musical|IsA|place or location
dictionary|classroom|UsedFor|viewing/reading
conference|demonstration|CapableOf|make a sound
bed|tree|IsA|place or location
confusion|germany|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
airport|building|IsA|public place
sleep|bed|PartOf|house
classroom|library|IsA|location
pennsylvania|switzerland|HasProperty|a country
table|cupboard|HasA|doors
injury|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
cave|library|UsedFor|a holiday
street|yard|CapableOf|be parked on
highway|street|HasA|people living on
ground|attic|IsA|place in a house
sleep|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
montana|store|IsA|country
street|arctic|IsA|popular attraction
apartment|hallway|HasA|usually have people inside
cupboard|drawer|HasProperty|an object
window|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
opera|electricity|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
jail|garage|CapableOf|hold people against their will
arizona|france|IsA|state
table|vase|IsA|place or location
doctor|magazine|IsA|room or building
nostalgia|trauma|IsA|positive thing
cheese|bread|IsA|type of food
house|ceiling|IsA|car
knowledge|information|UsedFor|studying
drinking|agreement|IsA|activity
house|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
floor|cat|HasProperty|an animal
air|ground|HasProperty|man made
sleeping|nightmares|PartOf|human body
hotel|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
garage|synagogue|HasA|exterior walls
opera|country|UsedFor|worship
bed|closet|AtLocation|with water
closet|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
classroom|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
case|drawer|IsA|something you eat off
box|roof|IsA|living thing
car|shelf|UsedFor|storage
effort|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
bedroom|corner|UsedFor|storage
clothing|shelf|IsA|made of wood
country|computer|UsedFor|worship
airplane|human|UsedFor|travel
street|store|IsA|thing you have on person
supermarket|circus|IsA|place or location
universe|encyclopedia|IsA|place
dishwasher|cabinet|IsA|place to make food
pantry|supermarket|IsA|location
town|beach|IsA|place people work and live
music|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
animals|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
cup|plate|HasProperty|used for meals
roof|airplane|AtLocation|in your room
jar|box|UsedFor|containing objects
hairbrush|kitchen|IsA|place to sleep
ground|candle|IsA|car
australia|russia|UsedFor|cooking
trash|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
basement|river|IsA|place or location
remembering|depression|MadeOf|wood
pen|pencils|IsA|school supply
briefcase|paper|UsedFor|reading
restaurant|trees|IsA|place people work and live
church|store|IsA|thing you have on person
airport|birds|AtLocation|on a map
beach|park|HasA|properties of any kind
yard|building|CapableOf|be part of a house
ball|beach|UsedFor|playing
classroom|bedroom|PartOf|vehicle
lemur|hole|IsA|country
desert|egypt|UsedFor|digging 
dictionary|table|IsA|necessity for education
backpack|computer|UsedFor|learning
cabinet|drawer|IsA|furniture 
minnesota|valley|IsA|business that serves food
apartment|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
apartment|town|HasA|ticket box usually
cabinet|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
can|beer|UsedFor|storing things in
wood|bed|IsA|place or location
classroom|bar|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
bottle|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
cabinet|jar|UsedFor|writing
bedroom|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
fun|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
florida|bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
mess|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
america|colorado|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
shoes|box|AtLocation|on the map
space|jar|PartOf|wood
restaurant|mexico|AtLocation|outside
like|happiness|IsA|verb
telephone|television|HasProperty|used for learning
motel|wedding|IsA|tourist destination
toronto|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
kitchen|museum|IsA|place to store items
demonstration|student|IsA|location
carnival|war|CapableOf|be heard
museum|office|UsedFor|fitness
house|office|UsedFor|student
river|waterfall|HasA|earth
table|book|AtLocation|library
doorway|home|UsedFor|travel
microwave|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
tennessee|city|UsedFor| housing animals
microwave|table|IsA|piece of furniture
assessment|conference|CapableOf|make a sound
auditorium|desk|IsA|religious card
joy|excitement|IsA|action
container|paper|UsedFor|writing
ocean|attic|MadeOf|energy
injuries|fight|IsA|positive card
cupboard|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
cellar|attic|IsA|room (type)
desk|cabinet|IsA|something you eat off
countryside|suburbs|IsA|state
marmoset|snow|IsA|n animal
toilet|apartment|UsedFor|living in
table|food|IsA|location
battle|park|HasProperty|outdoors
mountains|france|MadeOf|metal
pot|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
gymnasium|palace|HasA|roof
montana|supermarket|IsA|place
table|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
apartment|town|IsA|commercial browser
outdoors|yard|CapableOf|be part of a house
hallway|office|AtLocation|on a map
table|chair|UsedFor|viewing/reading
barn|person|IsA|sound
magazine|shop|UsedFor|cooling
heaven|cage|IsA|place where money is kept
fleas|cat|HasA|animal
store|bathroom|CapableOf|be opened/closed
hallway|bedroom|IsA|room in a house
closet|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
desktop|books|IsA|necessity for education
sloth|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
wilderness|australia|CapableOf|be read
earth|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
oven|plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
change|money|UsedFor|living
house|restaurants|HasProperty|associated with drinking
newspaper|university|IsA|place for students
television|wedding|IsA|part of the body
reflection|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
manual|encyclopedia|IsA|book
bedroom|museum|UsedFor|storage
windowsill|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
room|university|AtLocation|within a building's structure
room|apartment|UsedFor|sleeping
death|desires|HasProperty|related to sleep
tree|ground|IsA|animal
synagogue|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
outside|cup|AtLocation|on the map
universe|stream|AtLocation|at a zoo
country|sun|CapableOf|place
funeral|classroom|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
forest|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
microwave|desk|UsedFor|storage
smiles|entertaining|IsA|emotion
airport|car|AtLocation|library
valley|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
restaurant|store|IsA|sweet or savory
microwave|outside|IsA|part of a property
pond|countryside|IsA|nature-related
suburbs|countryside|HasProperty|a country
outdoors|windowsill|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
cellar|basement|AtLocation|within a building's structure
floor|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
pot|trash|IsA|place to make food
sleep|crying|IsA|emotion
war|mind|PartOf|building
bus|churchyard|IsA|country or state
australia|bank|IsA|place
apartment|theater|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
room|water|AtLocation|within a building's structure
movement|stretch|AtLocation|on the body
house|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
school|palace|UsedFor|sport
dictionary|chair|CapableOf|be held with one hand
freeway|hospital|HasA|airplanes
refrigerator|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
bread|pizza|IsA|location or room
headache|contemplating|UsedFor|driving
wedding|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
corner|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
shelf|clothing|IsA|made of wood
river|pond|HasA|3 letters
corner|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
army|trouble|IsA|concept or place
basement|home|CapableOf|be moved around
windowsill|plants|AtLocation|inside a home
kitchen|ocean|HasProperty|a type of building
bowl|movie|IsA|something found in a household
bathroom|spoon|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
cellar|staircase|HasProperty|a type of building
office|bedroom|HasProperty|a public place
restaurant|beach|IsA|place people work and live
garden|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
utensils|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
movies|television|CapableOf|be eaten
car|fire|CapableOf|move location
trash|case|IsA|furniture
backyard|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
crying|pain|IsA|negative thing
china|montana|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
town|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
airport|passageway|IsA|place to live
product|shelf|CapableOf|be touched
shock|problems|IsA|negative thing
school|bathroom|UsedFor|living in
supermarket|apartment|CapableOf|be opened/closed
war|school|CapableOf|be performed
lasagna|plate|IsA|place
theater|opera|UsedFor|putting on a show
embarrassment|sorrow|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
bicycle|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
library|book|HasA|screen
sea|valley|HasA|water
china|roadway|IsA|state
skin|montana|IsA|part of a human
wilderness|dictionary|IsA|activity 
mountains|burrow|IsA|country or state name
allergies|boredom|CapableOf|happiness
castle|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
nails|cupboard|CapableOf|be eaten
bathroom|bedroom|AtLocation|in a building
dictionary|books|CapableOf|be used virtually 
drinking|communication|IsA|verb
floor|backpack|IsA|furniture
apartment|bathroom|MadeOf|more than one room
building|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
information|color|IsA|physical tangible object
performing|injury|CapableOf|cause pain
building|library|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
montana|body|HasProperty|an event
tent|wedding|IsA|part of a human
closet|universe|AtLocation|public area
magazines|bed|UsedFor|cooling
school|table|UsedFor|learning
party|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
library|television|PartOf|publication
den|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
wires|office|IsA|list of alphabets
closet|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
table|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
floor|snore|IsA|place
closet|shed|CapableOf|part  of a household
town|theater|IsA|house where man live
clothes|utensils|UsedFor|to keep items
enjoyment|like|HasProperty|an emotion
air|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
lake|stream|IsA|1 syllable word
desk|shop|HasProperty|1 syllable
laughter|happiness|HasProperty|an emotion
internet|television|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
nest|forest|CapableOf|fly
meeting|library|PartOf|publication
montana|apartment|IsA|place or location
school|workplace|HasProperty|visited by tourists
conference|teacher|IsA|piece of furniture
outside|sewer|IsA|room (type)
park|yard|HasProperty|man made
outdoors|playground|IsA|nation
cage|australia|MadeOf|paper
corner|apartment|HasProperty|a public place
television|snore|HasProperty|an animal
fulfillment|enjoyment|IsA|something considered as positive
condiments|container|IsA|location or room
cellar|attic|UsedFor|storage
china|desert|IsA|state
microwave|stamps|UsedFor|storage
library|boat|MadeOf|wood
frisbee|air|UsedFor|throwing
shelf|house|IsA|made of wood
theater|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
basement|groceries|HasA|door
manual|meeting|MadeOf|technology
store|hotel|IsA|place to live
suburb|countryside|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
trauma|shock|HasProperty|typically positive
bed|party|AtLocation|inside a house
cupboard|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
class|safe|IsA|part media
effort|stretch|HasProperty|a physical activity
garage|closet|AtLocation|within a building's structure
refrigerator|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
countryside|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
city|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
suburb|street|HasProperty|a country
shelf|pot|IsA|type of business
bar|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
class|person|IsA|action
hallway|candle|UsedFor|work
bed|garbage|AtLocation|in home
pocket|backpack|UsedFor|reading
blanket|backpack|HasProperty|something you can carry
skyscraper|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
ground|roof|PartOf|glass
exercise|motion|HasProperty|usually fast
party|clouds|IsA|product that people buy
drawer|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
bar|barn|UsedFor|communication
ground|windowsill|HasA|green plant
bedroom|bathroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
backyard|park|IsA|us state
telephone|bedroom|IsA|study room
food|plate|HasProperty|used for meals
bar|office|IsA|building 
tree|inside|IsA|place or location
movie|film|IsA|something you eat off
desktop|office|IsA|building
garden|food|UsedFor|storage
minnesota|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
desk|bathroom|AtLocation|in a house
hotel|building|IsA|item of clothing
candle|basement|UsedFor|work
australia|florida|IsA|place
school|television|CapableOf|be eaten
pond|bridge|IsA|living/once living
homes|couch|UsedFor|travel
sun|summer|HasProperty|hot
television|house|IsA|room in a property
rain|forest|AtLocation|at america
school|hotel|CapableOf|have a street address
bearing|trash|UsedFor|farmers 
tent|opera|IsA|place you buy food
inspiration|fun|IsA|emotion
cut|action|CapableOf|tell stories
discovery|food|CapableOf|tell stories
shelf|table|IsA|art-related item
hunger|trauma|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
greenhouse|garden|CapableOf|laugh
people|theater|IsA|part of a human
clock|house|MadeOf|wood
montana|town|IsA|place
restaurant|pond|IsA|nation
encyclopedia|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
color|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
michigan|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
apartment|library|IsA|building
floor|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
refrigerator|plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
driveway|roadway|UsedFor|transportation
jar|closet|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
theater|dance|IsA|type of room
restaurant|meeting|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
school|countryside|IsA|animal or book
dust|attic|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
alabama|arkansas|IsA|us state
potatoes|salad|IsA|food
beach|park|IsA|nation
coffee|backpack|CapableOf|be held in your hands
hospital|library|UsedFor|a holiday
china|town|UsedFor|transportation
exchange|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
speaker|person|IsA|human or part of human
reflection|thinking|IsA|emotion
chair|heaven|UsedFor|praying
house|carpet|IsA|a animal
hairbrush|blood|HasA|exterior walls
tile|paperwork|HasProperty|a type of building
thinking|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
chairs|desk|UsedFor|furnishing a house
remembering|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
basement|warehouse|PartOf|house
montana|people|HasProperty|part of a human
action|headache|UsedFor|driving
cellar|field|CapableOf|be sweet
water|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bedroom|desktop|IsA|study room
garage|basement|UsedFor|storing things
marmoset|mountains|IsA|state
corner|ground|IsA|place you can go
wood|restaurant|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
wall|work|CapableOf|show you time
restaurant|jar|IsA|event
cupboard|house|HasA|doors
tile|mess|IsA|building
bathtub|roof|UsedFor|decoration
school|castle|CapableOf|fly
reflection|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
street|snow|IsA|type of place
bedroom|shelf|IsA|room
jar|candy|IsA|public building
sweat|vaccines|IsA|physical object
closet|fun|IsA|place to pray
corner|garage|IsA|place to store items
closet|garage|PartOf|house
beach|attic|AtLocation|as part of a house
wilderness|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
trauma|pain|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
crying|problems|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
driveway|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
tent|montana|HasProperty|part of a human
manual|television|IsA|place
church|michigan|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
attic|porch|UsedFor|serving food
church|monastery|UsedFor|praying
floor|shop|UsedFor|cooling
newspaper|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
church|europe|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
cage|michigan|PartOf|house
alabama|mountains|HasA|even number of letter
medium|fly|UsedFor|eating or drinking
salad|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
laughter|dancing|IsA|activity
yard|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
store|cabinet|IsA|place where students learn
condiments|container|HasA|empty space in it
table|clock|MadeOf|paper
meeting|suit|UsedFor|learning
mountains|picture|IsA|natural scenario
library|apartment|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
idaho|unemployment|IsA|drink
forest|backyard|HasA|walls
trash|backpack|IsA|furniture
yard|city|UsedFor|transportation
bed|porch|CapableOf|be easily carried
room|stairs|IsA|type of building
chair|attic|HasProperty|a household item
mansion|theater|IsA|location
vacuum|jar|AtLocation|public area
trees|countryside|AtLocation|outside
continent|wilderness|CapableOf|be walked on
market|demonstration|HasProperty|used at meal time
montana|suburb|HasA|buildings in it
briefcase|paper|UsedFor|carrying things
backyard|building|IsA|place you visit often
street|casino|UsedFor|living
condiments|pantry|IsA|  place
air|countryside|IsA|animal
bird|lake|IsA|1 syllable word
control|trouble|IsA|place
church|wedding|IsA|house where man live
battle|fight|HasA|physical element
workplace|homes|UsedFor|a gathering of people
room|loft|PartOf|single housing unit
hotel|airport|IsA|place to live
house|couch|MadeOf|wood
microwave|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
case|dishwasher|IsA|dish
party|table|AtLocation|inside a house
lamp|closet|IsA|place to live
revelations|discovery|HasProperty|(usually) between/towards people
backyard|yard|UsedFor|children to play
apartment|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
cabinet|garden|UsedFor|reading
sadness|controversy|IsA|happy card
casino|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
nails|conference|IsA|school supply
pocket|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
ocean|country|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
restaurant|case|IsA|piece of furniture
ceiling|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
plane|lights|IsA|music related event
nature|floor|HasProperty|an animal
school|apartment|IsA|building
casino|church|IsA|place to be entertained
neighborhood|suburb|MadeOf|sand
drawer|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
meeting|notebook|IsA|building
house|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleep
suburbs|town|IsA|state
floor|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
wall|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
forest|mexico|AtLocation|outside
driveway|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
ground|street|IsA|natural product or man made
discovery|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
air|ceiling|IsA|car
cave|lamp|IsA|place to live
mouth|television|IsA|object
ceiling|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
pantry|groceries|HasA|ceiling
container|bar|IsA|type of food
case|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
light|universe|AtLocation|as part of a house
cabinet|notebook|IsA|building
pocket|desktop|CapableOf|be used virtually 
office|lamp|AtLocation|inside someone's home
cage|encyclopedia|IsA|place
cupboard|bathroom|HasA|door
pride|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
store|passageway|UsedFor|reading books
toilet|hallway|UsedFor|car repair
synagogue|apartment|IsA|planet
reflection|butterflies|IsA|emotion
storage|factory|UsedFor|storing stuffs
office|television|IsA|building
florida|texas|PartOf|the south
dust|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cinema|theater|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
montana|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
allergies|cleanliness|MadeOf|pause
shelf|oven|MadeOf|metal
library|porch|IsA|physical item 
wall|hospital|IsA|business
trees|wilderness|IsA|place
doctor|battle|IsA|nation symbol
club|europe|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
bar|pot|MadeOf|metal
forest|park|IsA|place to grow plants
potatoes|carrots|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
crying|inspiration|MadeOf|wood
sweat|battle|IsA|positive card
happiness|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
opera|town|HasProperty|part of a human
rain|lamp|UsedFor|work
closet|house|AtLocation|with water
backpack|shelf|IsA|furniture 
remembering|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
clothes|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
backpack|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
library|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
radio|dust|IsA|place in a house
entertaining|love|IsA|verb
australia|field|IsA|place where money is kept
restaurant|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
playground|forest|HasA|walls
glass|kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
garage|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
class|opera|CapableOf|be heard
roof|rock|MadeOf|wood
pizza|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
museum|homes|IsA|place
nightmares|trauma|PartOf|mental disorder
garage|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
classroom|airport|CapableOf|have people  inside
briefcase|store|UsedFor|writing
wood|boat|HasProperty|furniture in a house
city|bedroom|IsA|business that serves food
bridge|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
china|city|MadeOf|sand
countryside|leaves|PartOf|nature
bread|pizza|IsA|type of food
windowsill|dust|UsedFor|storage
happiness|love|HasProperty|a positive emotion
outside|ocean|UsedFor|throwing
food|injury|IsA|emotion
television|desk|IsA|study room
sleep|junk|PartOf|house
floor|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
newspaper|hotel|UsedFor|studying in
wall|love|HasA|airplanes
airport|detroit|UsedFor|eating
clothing|suit|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
hospital|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
doorway|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
television|meeting|AtLocation|in a store
thinking|color|IsA|place to study
toilet|cabinet|AtLocation|inside a house
discovery|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
drawer|toilet|AtLocation|home
classroom|drugstore|IsA|place to sleep
party|shop|IsA|study room
auditorium|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
backpack|desktop|IsA|building
container|closet|UsedFor|storing things in
cellar|loft|IsA|room in a home
stove|jar|AtLocation|in a house
jar|bridge|PartOf|kitchen
yard|roof|IsA|animal
garden|ground|PartOf|glass
tree|chair|IsA|place or location
hairbrush|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
box|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
cupboard|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
attic|nature|HasProperty|an animal
swimming|ground|HasProperty|man made
hotel|wedding|IsA|part of the body
action|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
person|speaker|PartOf|body
buildings|cinema|IsA|location
battle|factory|MadeOf|by man
school|table|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
countryside|woods|IsA|natural thing
house|airport|IsA|business
love|enjoyment|IsA|emotion
house|bathroom|HasA|roof
anger|excitement|IsA|negative emotion
seaside|suburbs|IsA|place
ocean|passageway|IsA|place to live
trouble|nature|IsA|place
roof|windowsill|HasA|green plant
shelf|garage|UsedFor|storage
suffering|agreement|IsA|emotion
house|cabinet|UsedFor|storing things inside
motel|hospital|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
office|bathroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
bar|dinner|UsedFor|eating or drinking
hotel|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
air|hallway|HasProperty|white
enjoyment|listening|IsA|something considered as positive
jail|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
stuff|table|UsedFor|eating
building|garden|CapableOf|be part of a house
bar|shelf|HasA|plug or power source
school|ocean|IsA|place to live
notebook|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
drawer|dishwasher|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
meeting|library|CapableOf|be held in your hand
cupboard|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
desert|montana|HasProperty|a location
office|computer|IsA|a place to read books
florida|india|CapableOf|be read
plate|dinner|CapableOf|be held in your hands
program|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
sailboat|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
trunk|chair|CapableOf|move people
trouble|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
class|knowledge|UsedFor|learning
case|desk|IsA|something found in a household
plants|ocean|UsedFor|throwing
money|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
computer|telephone|IsA|building
death|vaccines|PartOf|human body
monastery|god|IsA|place of religion
dust|house|HasProperty|an object
mountain|asia|MadeOf|rocks
magazine|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
excitement|enjoyment|HasProperty|an emotion
remembering|crying|IsA|feeling/emotion
store|house|IsA|made of wood
morgue|synagogue|HasA|exterior walls
pocket|locker|CapableOf|be used for travel
garage|mouse|IsA|furniture
groceries|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
conference|body|IsA|part of a human
wallet|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
band|school|IsA|job
erections|nightmares|AtLocation|usually in a bed
bathroom|homes|PartOf|house 
library|lamp|IsA|place to live
store|supermarket|AtLocation|in a home
cabinet|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
pride|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
theater|action|CapableOf|keeping cash
case|michigan|UsedFor|eating
school|auditorium|UsedFor|sleeping
field|landfill|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
california|oklahoma|IsA|us state
woods|television|HasProperty|a room
bathroom|spoon|AtLocation|in a house
party|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
bedroom|cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
clouds|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
casino|bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
laughter|enjoyment|HasProperty|an emotion
backyard|beach|IsA|nation
valley|churchyard|AtLocation|on a map
desktop|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
house|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
soup|salad|IsA|food
confusion|stress|IsA|negative feeling or expression
field|hole|IsA|animal
theater|apartment|MadeOf|wood
closet|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
joy|regret|IsA|mental state
country|city|IsA|weather
stamps|coffee|CapableOf|be held in your hands
porch|mouse|IsA|furniture
electricity|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
shelf|manual|IsA|necessity for education
desk|film|IsA|dish
tennessee|california|IsA|us state
teacher|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
teacher|classroom|UsedFor|carrying things
oven|refrigerators|HasProperty|used for meals
cupboard|sink|IsA|furniture 
cup|park|AtLocation|inside a house
toilet|mouse|IsA|furniture
drawer|magazine|CapableOf|store
restaurant|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
opera|wedding|IsA|part of a human
ceiling|connection|HasA|use electricity
box|closet|IsA|room in a home
vase|table|UsedFor|holding things
allergies|park|MadeOf|golden
candy|movies|IsA|public building
paper|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
crying|problems|IsA|feeling/emotion
television|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
ground|windowsill|IsA|building
town|london|HasProperty|a workplace
sleeping|nightmares|HasProperty|negative in human sense
exercising|discipline|AtLocation|on the body
town|china|UsedFor|transportation
movies|universe|IsA|drink
sailboat|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
cage|roof|IsA|place where you can stand
stuff|stamps|IsA|place
store|apartment|AtLocation|inside a person's home
bathroom|motel|HasA|usually have people inside
roof|ceiling|IsA|home appliance
museum|map|UsedFor|reading
building|barn|UsedFor|travel
backpack|book|IsA|building
jar|pot|UsedFor|drinking 
case|table|MadeOf|wood
library|books|UsedFor|viewing/reading
pocket|jar|IsA|place you can visit
cup|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
battle|university|UsedFor|recreation activity
airplane|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
drawer|television|IsA|store items
marmoset|wilderness|IsA|place
paper|refrigerator|HasProperty|sold in stores
disneyland|carnival|IsA|place or location
warehouse|closet|IsA|room in a home
tent|montana|IsA|house where man live
garden|restaurant|IsA|place people can meet
countryside|desert|IsA|natural thing
park|beach|IsA|nation
library|dictionary|CapableOf|be used virtually 
human|battle|MadeOf|by man
egypt|desert|IsA|country
hairbrush|animals|PartOf|the human body
wilderness|trees|MadeOf|metal
joy|excitement|IsA|feeling
nest|store|PartOf|physical structure
refrigerator|plate|HasProperty|used for meals
drawer|garbage|IsA|place
dictionary|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
telephone|park|IsA|building
jail|mexico|IsA|place
skyscraper|yard|IsA|country or state
sleeping|dreams|CapableOf|hurt
country|control|HasA|movie
attic|car|IsA|place to pray
television|desk|IsA|ground where child play
plants|park|CapableOf|laugh
argument|enemies|HasProperty|about  clashes
floor|dust|IsA|1 syllable word
field|bank|MadeOf|paper
backpack|car|UsedFor|storage
attic|snore|PartOf|house
arboretum|california|IsA|type of tree
suicide|listening|IsA|emotion
house|garage|HasA|fee to visit
learning|dancing|IsA|something specific
chair|desk|UsedFor|work
condiments|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
library|apartment|UsedFor|reading and studying
library|wall|MadeOf|wood
fun|box|IsA|place to pray
beach|backyard|AtLocation|outside
universe|cage|IsA|place
suburb|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
minnesota|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
room|jail|IsA|product that people buy
neighborhood|montana|IsA|place where you can live
ocean|sky|IsA|living thing
restaurant|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
outside|desktop|IsA|room
rain|moon|HasProperty|white
satisfaction|joy|IsA|verb
party|manual|IsA|product that people buy
garden|plants|MadeOf|glass
apartment|people|HasProperty|an event
case|box|IsA|1 syllable word
apartment|boat|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
shed|car|PartOf|house
california|arkansas|IsA|state in uk
russia|australia|IsA|animal
apartment|bed|AtLocation|with water
case|trash|IsA|1 syllable word
museum|shelf|UsedFor|storage
park|meeting|MadeOf|paper
bird|wilderness|IsA|natural thing
dust|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
windowsill|park|IsA|vacation destination
home|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
disneyland|porch|CapableOf|be used with a computer
skin|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
neighborhood|town|UsedFor|transportation
bar|telephone|IsA|building 
bedroom|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
store|shed|UsedFor|storing physical things
fear|reflection|IsA|emotion
bed|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
television|museum|AtLocation|in a building
smiles|love|IsA|activity
library|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
mountain|canada|MadeOf|rocks
cave|freeway|IsA|public place
bedroom|attic|IsA|room in a building
bowl|restaurant|IsA|type of room
conference|park|IsA|place or location
office|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
house|montana|IsA|place where you can live
hallway|bathroom|IsA|room in a property
desk|dictionary|UsedFor|viewing/reading
books|library|MadeOf|meet
house|cupboard|HasA|door
city|churchyard|AtLocation|in your company
building|speaker|CapableOf|be attended
like|fun|IsA|emotion
peanuts|building|IsA|music related event
ground|dust|AtLocation|in your home
pocket|money|UsedFor|living
street|floor|IsA|place or location
attic|shed|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
suburb|valley|IsA|part of a municipality
classroom|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
information|manual|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
table|drawer|IsA|room or building
drugstore|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
manual|library|IsA|book
disneyland|trash|IsA|furniture
garage|cat|IsA|store items
basement|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
classroom|office|HasA|walls
sloth|dictionary|MadeOf|water
store|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
house|hotel|HasA|usually have people inside
house|garage|UsedFor|cooking
kitchen|cup|AtLocation|in a house
trash|pot|IsA|building
heart|pleasure|IsA|happy card
jellyfish|meeting|UsedFor|reading
dishwasher|apartment|IsA|furniture
god|montana|IsA|mental place
toilet|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
nest|cage|PartOf|house
yard|desert|HasA|buildings in it
university|club|IsA|place people can meet
agreement|celebrating|IsA|verb
lawn|telegram|IsA|visible object
ground|water|AtLocation|at a home
fish|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
mexico|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
bedroom|hotel|HasA|bed for sleeping
hole|field|IsA|place where money is kept
building|attic|UsedFor|storing stuffs
knowing|instruction|MadeOf|wood
cabinet|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
candle|house|IsA|car
bowl|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
happiness|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
office|desk|IsA|ground where child play
excitement|happiness|HasProperty|a positive emotion
attic|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
opera|supermarket|HasProperty|part of a human
porch|cupboard|CapableOf|be used with a computer
clouds|ground|CapableOf|make sounds
rock|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
house|universe|HasProperty|in or is a building
desktop|stomach|HasProperty|edible
university|information|UsedFor|studying
bowl|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
city|canada|IsA|concept or place
party|house|CapableOf|be closed
encyclopedia|library|IsA|physical tangible object
hallway|room|HasProperty|white
nightmares|money|IsA|negative thing
pocket|desktop|CapableOf|be used for travel
shelf|ground|IsA|place
trunk|drawer|UsedFor|storage
yard|work|AtLocation|in your company
library|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be used virtually 
knowledge|class|IsA|place to study
california|tennessee|AtLocation|at south united states
understanding|headache|UsedFor|seeking an answer
battle|human|IsA|job
america|india|CapableOf|be read
battlefield|animals|PartOf|the human body
shed|cellar|AtLocation|within a building's structure
action|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
bedroom|shoe|AtLocation|inside a house
utensils|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
glass|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
apartment|town|HasProperty|alive
town|restaurant|IsA|country
rug|table|IsA|type /part of building
container|office|IsA|place where students learn
conference|opera|IsA|place
playground|town|AtLocation|outside
desk|ocean|UsedFor|praying
field|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
closet|television|HasProperty|found inside a house
cut|discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
floor|dust|IsA|made of wood
refrigerator|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
demonstration|conference|CapableOf|make a sound
apartment|town|HasProperty|part of a human
song|silence|AtLocation|on/in the human body
food|jar|UsedFor|keeping things cool
house|driveway|HasProperty|a location
office|paperwork|AtLocation|with water
carrots|soup|IsA|sweet or savory
ground|arboretum|AtLocation|in the united states
clothing|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
jail|house|HasProperty|associated with drinking
celebrating|enjoyment|IsA|verb
building|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
restaurant|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
bedroom|concert|UsedFor|work
internet|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
refrigerator|trash|IsA|furniture
ground|countryside|IsA|part of nature
bathroom|windowsill|PartOf|physical structure
bathroom|beach|IsA|living thing
couch|bed|AtLocation|mostly inside
desktop|kitchen|AtLocation|indoors
music|carnival|PartOf|building
pot|refrigerator|IsA|building
bedroom|desk|UsedFor|work
closet|clothing|IsA|made of wood
briefcase|atlas|IsA|building
hallway|sun|IsA|car
restaurant|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
morgue|palace|HasA|exterior walls
convention|apartment|IsA|part of a human
park|plants|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
internet|apartment|HasProperty|alive
television|landfill|HasA|opening or door
machine|barn|UsedFor|fitness
park|humans|IsA|drink
basement|cellar|HasProperty|found below ground level
silence|opera|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
dishwasher|microwave|IsA|something found in a household
apartment|town|IsA|part of a human
manual|balloon|UsedFor|driving
attic|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
synagogue|tent|IsA|part of a human
doctor|jail|IsA|physical item 
college|meeting|UsedFor|happiness
street|water|HasProperty|white
cupboard|nails|CapableOf|be eaten
desktop|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
table|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
exhaustion|arguments|MadeOf|pause
war|mind|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
butterflies|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
bedroom|classroom|PartOf|vehicle
convention|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
knowledge|crying|MadeOf|wood
court|school|HasA|roof
table|outside|IsA|room
ocean|box|IsA|living thing
hospital|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
ranch|tennessee|IsA|animal
furniture|boat|MadeOf|wood
hole|russia|IsA|animal
toilet|disneyland|IsA|furniture
windowsill|bathroom|HasProperty|man-made
storage|warehouse|CapableOf|work
movie|garden|IsA|place people can meet
cut|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
rock|ground|IsA|natural or man made
dust|television|IsA|place in a house
tennessee|fox|IsA|us state
god|confession|IsA|mental place
bank|hole|UsedFor|food
library|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
kitchen|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
cupboard|table|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
school|restaurant|HasA|pool
concert|carnival|UsedFor|flying
supermarket|conference|IsA|house where man live
building|hospital|IsA|place to live
desktop|papers|IsA|furniture
city|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
bathroom|house|CapableOf|be moved around
bed|table|CapableOf|store
store|street|IsA|place you can visit
soup|water|IsA|physical item 
performing|reflection|IsA|colorful
workplace|restaurant|HasProperty|child friendly
outdoors|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
bicycle|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
stomach|bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
apartment|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
library|shop|UsedFor|cooling
wilderness|cage|MadeOf|sand
country|trouble|IsA|weather
countryside|street|IsA|state
heaven|imagination|UsedFor|praying
city|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
glass|backpack|IsA|furniture 
synagogue|funeral|PartOf|the human body
airport|connection|AtLocation|library
thinking|action|IsA|negative emotion
bed|drawer|IsA|wooden object 
rock|street|IsA|natural product or man made
town|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
moss|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
depression|trauma|IsA|something a baby could have
mouse|cabinet|IsA|building
nature|house|IsA|car
field|dinner|UsedFor|studying
show|doctor|UsedFor|to get a degree
basement|lamp|IsA|car
trees|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
people|ceiling|PartOf|building a house
trauma|dream|IsA|emotion
bedroom|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
cage|store|PartOf|natural landscape
casino|change|IsA|thing you have on person
store|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
refrigerator|porch|CapableOf|storing food
house|room|PartOf|food and drink
chair|cat|IsA|store items
ground|outside|HasA|opening or door
church|opera|IsA|house where man live
bathroom|basement|IsA|type of room
water|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
kitchen|refrigerators|HasA|store edible items
bridge|ocean|HasA|pipe system attached
beach|building|IsA|place to grow plants
lumberyard|restaurant|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
city|yard|UsedFor|transportation
boxes|trash|IsA|structure or building
moon|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
tent|skin|IsA|place
museum|office|UsedFor|religious services
countryside|leaves|MadeOf|wood
pride|performing|CapableOf|cause pain
container|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
restaurant|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
clothing|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
sweat|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
park|moon|IsA|vacation destination
college|house|HasProperty|material
pond|forest|IsA|living/once living
knowledge|problems|IsA|feeling/emotion
school|classroom|IsA|location
subdivision|countryside|IsA|place where you can live
pond|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
exercising|motion|CapableOf|cause injury
supermarket|church|IsA|place
lightning|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
injury|butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
aquarium|ocean|IsA|somewhere animals swim
college|church|CapableOf|have people  inside
hotel|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
fun|like|IsA|activity
balloon|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
london|motel|HasProperty|a workplace
enemies|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
street|desert|IsA|animal
moon|air|UsedFor|work
love|excitement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
pond|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
hotel|school|IsA|place to live
countryside|nursery|IsA|something kept at home
backyard|outdoors|UsedFor|children to play
pantry|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
trash|stuff|CapableOf|be held in your hands
lake|desert|IsA|natural thing
movies|food|IsA|part of the body
chair|dictionary|CapableOf|be held with one hand
food|refrigerator|HasProperty|used for meals
town|church|IsA|place
mountains|woods|HasProperty|part of your  house
store|theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
warehouse|building|UsedFor|storing stuffs
desk|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
desktop|outside|MadeOf|wood
clothing|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
stable|tennessee|IsA|animal
injury|cut|IsA|negative emotion
pantry|bread|IsA|location or room
glass|stomach|HasProperty|edible
store|florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
trouble|floor|HasProperty|an animal
clothing|utensils|MadeOf|food
office|bedroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
reflection|performing|CapableOf|cause pain
excitement|like|HasProperty|an emotion
world|town|IsA|specific place
shelf|cupboard|MadeOf|metal
bar|can|IsA|type of business
room|garage|CapableOf|be used for storage
desk|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
prison|freeway|IsA|man-made thing
pocket|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be used virtually 
office|park|IsA|building
wall|love|HasA|use electricity
kitchens|container|MadeOf|metal
controversy|trauma|PartOf|mental disorder
lamp|speaker|AtLocation|in office blocks
school|meeting|IsA|object
wedding|town|UsedFor| gathering together
park|mountain|AtLocation|at a party
sleep|cat|AtLocation|in home
ceiling|desk|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
playground|outdoors|CapableOf|be part of a house
conference|concert|HasA|ticket box usually
pride|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
casino|supermarket|IsA|type of business
inside|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
trouble|bed|HasProperty|a household item
garage|chair|IsA|place
store|dinner|HasProperty|an object
street|room|HasProperty|white
windowsill|roof|IsA|living thing
glass|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
city|churchyard|IsA|country or state
ocean|church|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
garden|bathtub|IsA|bodypart
house|inside|HasProperty|material
nails|pocket|IsA|piece of furniture
house|trunk|MadeOf|food
floor|desk|IsA|home appliance
bathroom|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
inspiration|hunger|MadeOf|wood
bathroom|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
ocean|human|IsA|building
waterfall|pond|HasProperty|human made
outside|fox|HasA|multiple definitions
market|cellar|CapableOf| be moved
shelf|garage|MadeOf|wood
trouble|home|IsA|animal
school|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
dictionary|books|IsA|place
conference|carnival|HasA|ticket box usually
street|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
nails|cabinet|IsA|school supply
backpack|bowl|AtLocation|in a home
church|love|IsA|state in usa
jail|manual|IsA|product that people buy
jar|peanuts|HasA|to do with planets
garage|school|HasA|fee to visit
war|person|CapableOf|be performed
school|human|PartOf|house 
hospital|hotel|IsA|place
chair|inside|IsA|place or location
conference|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
cabinet|container|IsA|school supply
enjoyment|tears|IsA|activity
inside|wedding|HasProperty|furniture in a house
wedding|mansion|UsedFor|putting on a show
earth|convention|IsA|house where man live
pocket|container|UsedFor|carrying things
butterflies|anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
countryside|universe|IsA|place
country|region|PartOf|the continent 
army|country|IsA|object/thing
supermarket|market|IsA|sweet or savory
dishes|pantry|IsA|furniture 
prison|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
kitchens|pantry|IsA|piece of furniture
workplace|library|IsA|place
entertaining|fun|IsA|enjoyable
knowledge|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
montana|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
president|control|HasA|movie
shelf|bathroom|CapableOf|cook
classroom|pocket|CapableOf|be used virtually 
museum|barn|UsedFor|fun
playground|restaurant|IsA|nation
papers|toilet|IsA|furniture
entertaining|smiles|IsA|verb
garden|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
ocean|sky|HasProperty|man-made
basement|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
bus|ocean|AtLocation|on a map
talk|relaxation|IsA|feeling
television|ground|HasA|opening or door
mountains|france|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
city|street|HasProperty|a country
commercial|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
manual|bread|CapableOf|be entered
wallet|change|IsA|place you can visit
refrigerator|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
library|factory|HasProperty|visited by tourists
stamps|dinner|IsA|furniture
beer|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
outdoors|yard|HasA|walls
case|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
disneyland|basement|UsedFor|cooking
loft|furniture|UsedFor|decoration
heaven|castle|PartOf|house 
glass|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
table|cup|HasA|store edible items
montana|neighborhood|IsA|rural region
books|book|IsA|place
hospital|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
city|roadway|HasProperty|a location
magazine|internet|UsedFor|news
box|cabinet|MadeOf|plastic
office|building|CapableOf|have a street address
city|desert|UsedFor|driving 
exercise|effort|HasProperty|tiring
headache|understanding|UsedFor|driving
information|knowledge|IsA|place for students
church|town|IsA|place
garden|desktop|UsedFor|worship
windowsill|park|AtLocation|inside a home
book|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
leaves|ground|IsA|natural product or man made
sweat|aggression|IsA|positive card
anthology|market|IsA|place or location
building|boat|MadeOf|wood
room|street|IsA|car
bathtub|wall|MadeOf|wood
castle|home|CapableOf|move freely
pot|bottle|HasA|plug or power source
mouth|families|CapableOf|be eaten
california|home|AtLocation|in the united states
ground|field|IsA|stone
basement|hallway|HasA|a bath
warehouse|factory|CapableOf|work
aquarium|wisconsin|HasProperty|human made
party|clouds|UsedFor|driving
china|street|IsA|state
canada|cooking|IsA|outdoor location
field|trees|IsA|stone
school|party|HasProperty|a place where people sing
bathtub|store|UsedFor|decoration
trouble|corporation|CapableOf|place
kitchen|bedroom|HasProperty|easily movable
microwave|movie|IsA|something found in a household
grape|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
soup|chicken|IsA|physical item 
countryside|india|CapableOf|be read
bathroom|shop|CapableOf|cook
humiliation|laughter|IsA|emotion
michigan|bedroom|IsA|business that serves food
chair|garbage|IsA|place
food|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
marmoset|underground|IsA|activity 
aircraft|battle|IsA|country
doctor|jail|IsA|country
field|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
jail|auditorium|IsA|building
reflection|lightning|HasA|physical appearance
mountains|underground|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
groceries|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
nails|cupboard|IsA|location
house|drugstore|IsA|specific part of a structure
school|person|CapableOf|be performed
table|computer|UsedFor|worship
countryside|yard|IsA|country
shop|dentist|CapableOf|provide a service
plate|stamps|IsA|furniture
bubblegum|store|UsedFor|living
window|theater|MadeOf|wood
dust|dinner|UsedFor|storage
alabama|mountains|IsA|state in uk
corner|clouds|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
building|home|IsA|specific part of a structure
pocket|container|UsedFor|writing
cupboard|container|IsA|room
garden|storage|AtLocation|in united states
plate|case|IsA|something found in a household
stick|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
refrigerator|condiments|HasProperty|used for meals
bay|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
church|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
pantry|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
fulfillment|happiness|IsA|activity
sugar|mouse|IsA|room in a building
company|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
movie|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
store|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
church|tent|HasProperty|an event
university|church|CapableOf|be used for storage
warehouse|building|CapableOf|work
furniture|television|HasProperty|an animal
classroom|garden|UsedFor|reading
condiments|jar|IsA|  place
garage|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
control|country|IsA|book
discovery|thinking|CapableOf|fly
condiments|pantry|IsA|location or room
dishwasher|stamps|IsA|dish
hotel|company|IsA|business
city|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
ground|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
backyard|playground|HasA|walls
rain|weather|HasProperty|associated with the environment
fun|favors|IsA|physical emotion
performing|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
paperwork|office|IsA|building
attic|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
magazines|floor|IsA|physical item 
town|yard|HasProperty|a location
dust|desk|CapableOf|contain multiple people
greenhouse|refrigerator|HasProperty|found in the garden
class|person|PartOf|building
cabinet|movie|IsA|dish
supermarket|car|HasProperty|a type of home
sink|pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
conference|store|UsedFor|carrying things
suburbs|australia|CapableOf|be read
garage|funeral|PartOf|the human body
money|instruction|HasProperty|typically positive
doorway|bathroom|AtLocation|mostly inside
trees|town|IsA|place people work and live
bed|closet|AtLocation|inside a house
books|shelf|IsA|necessity for education
conference|apartment|IsA|part of a human
river|ocean|IsA|place that humans can swim
cabinet|case|IsA|something found in a household
table|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
casino|theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
ocean|attic|UsedFor|serving food
city|wilderness|IsA|proper noun
newspaper|desert|IsA|residential area
movie|plate|IsA|something found in a household
exhaustion|park|MadeOf|golden
cupboard|mouse|IsA|room
dishwasher|movie|IsA|something found in a household
ground|garden|CapableOf|laugh
wilderness|snow|MadeOf|metal
sweetness|anger|IsA|noun
bubblegum|change|CapableOf|be held in your hands
space|kitchen|PartOf|wood
apartment|library|HasProperty|able to be entered
lake|creek|IsA|1 syllable word
happiness|empathy|IsA|something considered as positive
park|office|IsA|building
mountains|outside|HasA|multiple definitions
laughter|communication|IsA|physical emotion
government|army|IsA|object/thing
burger|plate|IsA|location or room
bathroom|wall|IsA|business
bus|computer|AtLocation|on a map
table|container|IsA|location
encyclopedia|cabinet|CapableOf|contain multiple people
president|government|HasProperty|powerful
minnesota|bedroom|IsA|business that serves food
sink|house|CapableOf|store small items
bowl|cabinet|IsA|building
marmoset|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
wilderness|australia|IsA|animal
shock|trauma|HasProperty|typically positive
train|village|HasProperty|in a cold climate
house|disneyland|HasProperty|found below ground level
mouse|pot|AtLocation|inside a house
wallet|money|UsedFor|paying for items
thinking|lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
street|forest|AtLocation|at america
apartment|classroom|IsA|ceremony
ocean|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
furniture|classroom|IsA|ceremony
apartment|rug|CapableOf|sleep on it
library|book|IsA|thing you can touch
restaurant|library|HasA|pool
church|town|UsedFor|buying food
restaurant|wallet|IsA|dish
lamp|motel|IsA|study room
garage|building|AtLocation|in united states
meeting|church|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
bathroom|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
bar|restaurants|HasProperty|associated with drinking
suburbs|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
playground|town|CapableOf|be drived on with car
heaven|god|IsA|place of religion
bicycle|box|AtLocation|within a building's structure
town|conference|IsA|house where man live
fulfillment|empathy|IsA|activity
dishwasher|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
paper|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
cellar|attic|IsA|place to pray
pot|cupboard|IsA|place to make food
voice|choir|IsA|tv show
ceiling|bedroom|IsA|item of furniture
floor|utensils|MadeOf|food
trouble|television|PartOf|house
library|house|CapableOf|move
cup|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
moon|bridge|CapableOf|can you drink it
car|store|IsA|1 syllable word
ontario|canada|MadeOf|sand mostly
human|factory|IsA|nation symbol
knowing|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
store|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
anger|happiness|IsA|noun
dictionary|lemur|IsA|animal or book
europe|movie|IsA|place people can meet
trunk|closet|IsA|room in a home
inspiration|knowledge|HasProperty|a physical item
happiness|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
home|room|MadeOf|walls and ceiling
problems|trauma|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
spoon|food|IsA|type of room
outside|museum|UsedFor|storage
sugar|cupboard|IsA|room
listening|dancing|MadeOf|the human body
office|demonstration|HasProperty|able to be entered
closet|ground|CapableOf|show films
performing|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
dreams|death|PartOf|human body
cup|bar|IsA|type of room in houses
floor|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
happiness|punishment|IsA|noun
cupboard|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
anxiety|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
desires|sleeping|IsA|physical object
lawn|television|HasProperty|a solid item 
river|ocean|HasProperty|human made
apartment|tent|HasProperty|part of a human
school|kitchen|CapableOf|be currently visited
garage|restaurant|IsA|building
seaside|city|IsA|proper noun
suburbs|street|HasA|buildings in it
satisfaction|excitement|IsA|verb
windowsill|countryside|MadeOf|trees
flowers|shelf|IsA|place or location
bridge|jar|CapableOf|store small items
desert|china|IsA|small area
clouds|radio|IsA|place for clothes
floor|table|IsA|wooden object 
library|manual|UsedFor|reading
pleasure|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
car|internet|HasProperty|alive
table|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
library|school|IsA|place where people work
exercise|discipline|AtLocation|on the body
conference|dance|IsA|room in a house
building|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
library|head|IsA|physical tangible object
notebook|backpack|IsA|school supply
valley|wilderness|HasA|earth
floor|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
restaurant|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
college|stadium|HasA|pool
clouds|corner|CapableOf|show films
cat|chair|IsA|place
kitchens|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
movie|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
glass|floor|IsA|furniture 
garage|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
birds|detroit|UsedFor|eating
controversy|crying|IsA|emotion
refrigerators|oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
church|concert|IsA|object that can be held
theater|exchange|IsA|type of room
park|funeral|IsA|part of the body
desk|party|IsA|building
hotel|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
sea|glass|IsA|vacation destination
tent|town|IsA|part of a human
effort|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
garage|sleep|IsA|place
oven|stove|HasProperty|used for meals
communication|pain|UsedFor|manifesting joy
food|restaurant|AtLocation|in a house
jar|toilet|PartOf|kitchen
program|lamp|UsedFor|worship
store|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
happiness|tears|IsA|verb
television|snore|IsA|store items
valley|outdoors|IsA|1 syllable word
shelf|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
restaurant|meeting|IsA|place people can meet
jar|orbit|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
sailboat|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
playground|picture|MadeOf|plastic
map|museum|UsedFor|reading
beer|groceries|UsedFor|storing things in
mexico|town|UsedFor|driving on or over
television|university|HasProperty|a meal
trunk|store|UsedFor|storing physical things
church|bedroom|UsedFor|work
classroom|table|IsA|necessity for education
field|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
cupboard|plate|MadeOf|wood
office|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
person|synagogue|IsA|sound
furniture|store|CapableOf|sleep on it
garage|television|AtLocation|in a building
exercise|movement|HasProperty|usually fast
bedroom|hospital|HasA|bed for sleeping
market|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
bowl|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
apartment|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
laughter|dancing|IsA|verb
utensils|desk|UsedFor|storage
library|school|CapableOf|move
suburb|china|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
supermarket|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
yard|backyard|IsA|place you visit often
ocean|desk|IsA|place of religion
bar|restaurants|UsedFor|entertaining
supermarket|tent|IsA|place
warehouse|building|CapableOf|be made with bricks
key|pocket|HasProperty|to do with currency
university|class|UsedFor|learning
buildings|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
magazine|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
stomach|oven|HasA|edible items for sale
desk|utensils|UsedFor|storage
apartment|bathtub|IsA|ceremony
company|store|IsA|public place
apartment|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
church|garden|CapableOf|have people  inside
conference|person|UsedFor|announcing something
university|meeting|UsedFor|studying
floor|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
building|warehouse|MadeOf|water
rug|cup|AtLocation|on the map
internet|television|CapableOf| be held in your hand
theater|internet|HasProperty|a gathering place
container|briefcase|UsedFor|carrying things
outside|park|IsA|location
restaurant|church|UsedFor|learning
birds|school|CapableOf|be lived in
town|tent|HasProperty|an event
basement|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
chicken|pool|CapableOf|be used as transport 
airport|bedroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
synagogue|conference|IsA|place or location
bedroom|table|MadeOf|metal
drinking|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
basement|water|IsA|place to pray
agreement|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
porch|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
mouse|sewer|IsA|room (type)
refrigerator|garage|CapableOf|cooking
basement|cupboard|HasProperty|found below ground level
mountain|switzerland|MadeOf|rocks
outdoors|beach|IsA|country
ocean|jar|CapableOf|store small items
park|restaurant|IsA|place
restaurant|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
sleeping|erections|CapableOf|hurt
apartment|house|PartOf|admin role
michigan|sky|IsA|living thing
cabinet|desk|IsA|something you eat off
garden|house|UsedFor|work
home|ficus|UsedFor|storing food
garage|basement|IsA|place
yard|churchyard|IsA|tall building
lemur|heaven|UsedFor|food
store|building|UsedFor|reading books
desert|wilderness|IsA|1 syllable word
utensils|case|MadeOf|wood
detroit|home|CapableOf|move freely
outside|nature|IsA|animal
communication|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
roof|yard|IsA|animal
desert|park|HasProperty|hot
paper|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
class|dinner|IsA|part media
empathy|fulfillment|IsA|something considered as positive
desert|weather|IsA|popular attraction
cup|stove|HasA|store edible items
money|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
table|rug|AtLocation|inside a house
television|chair|IsA|store items
balloon|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
color|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
yard|desert|IsA|place where you can live
heaven|doorway|UsedFor|travel
greenhouse|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
home|cat|UsedFor|cooking food
music|carnival|CapableOf|be heard
canada|country|IsA|concept or place
street|change|IsA|thing you have on person
garage|pantry|UsedFor|storage
bathroom|cupboard|HasA|roof
shelf|house|IsA|1 syllable word
supermarket|store|UsedFor|storage
table|school|UsedFor|packing things inside
bed|bathtub|HasProperty|found in a house
field|street|IsA|stone
table|office|IsA|type of room
restaurant|house|AtLocation|in a building
bedroom|loft|IsA|specific part of a structure
bathroom|hallway|HasA|usually have people inside
library|paper|CapableOf|be worn
refrigerator|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
playground|landfill|HasA|first letter b
countryside|suburb|HasProperty|a location
market|bedroom|IsA|type /part of building
restaurant|homes|IsA|state in usa
yard|desert|IsA|animal
nails|conference|IsA|piece of furniture
car|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bowl|kitchen|AtLocation|inside a house
cat|chair|HasProperty|a household item
river|ocean|UsedFor|eating or drinking
box|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
closet|lamp|UsedFor|reading books
window|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
lamp|desk|IsA|n electronic device
sailboat|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
church|water|CapableOf|be used for storage
plate|pantry|IsA|piece of furniture
microwave|television|CapableOf|plug into the wall
desires|sweat|PartOf|human body
casino|container|HasProperty|a beverage
market|anthology|IsA|place or location
theater|montana|UsedFor|learning
fun|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
wilderness|marmoset|IsA|place
papers|garage|IsA|furniture
countryside|restaurant|IsA|place you visit often
car|water|IsA|physical item 
casino|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
water|pool|IsA|physical item 
table|museum|MadeOf|wood
cupboard|outside|IsA|room in a building
sink|toilet|PartOf|the galaxy
toilet|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
table|cabinet|IsA|room
table|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
beer|pot|UsedFor|storing things in
ground|mountains|IsA|living/once living
information|library|IsA|physical object
park|countryside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
encyclopedia|class|UsedFor|learning
countryside|forest|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
pond|continent|HasProperty|human made
jar|house|MadeOf|organic material
toilet|restaurant|MadeOf|bricks
key|money|CapableOf|keeping cash
arctic|weather|IsA|popular attraction
library|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
laughter|humiliation|IsA|emotion
carpet|table|UsedFor|sitting on
jail|table|UsedFor|cooling
clothing|floor|CapableOf|store
shelf|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
floor|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
disneyland|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
jar|shelf|UsedFor|storage 
bathroom|beach|CapableOf|fly
indiana|canada|PartOf|house
teacher|cabinet|IsA|place where students learn
container|pantry|UsedFor|storing things in
alabama|tennessee|IsA|state in uk
nature|home|IsA|part of a house
ground|store|HasProperty|used at meal time
kitchen|woods|HasA|usually have people inside
continent|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
canada|switzerland|HasA|city inside
countryside|forest|HasProperty|somewhere to go
party|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
anger|confusion|IsA|negative feeling or expression
box|beach|IsA|living thing
furniture|snore|IsA|store items
office|paper|UsedFor|reading
desktop|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
excitement|love|IsA|verb
field|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
jail|house|IsA|building
homes|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
town|tent|HasProperty|part of a human
pain|pleasure|IsA|emotion
outside|air|PartOf|house
supermarket|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
florida|america|CapableOf|be read
shoes|farm|IsA|something you can own
restaurant|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
refrigerator|dinner|IsA|public place
playground|highway|HasProperty|made by humans
bank|lemur|MadeOf|paper
garage|furniture|PartOf|house
people|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
detroit|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
newspaper|university|HasProperty|a meal
washington|minnesota|PartOf|a house/home
canada|backyard|IsA|nature-related
tension|defeat|IsA|feeling or emotion
jar|key|HasProperty|to do with currency
train|painting|HasA|outdoor scenery
shelf|flowers|IsA|place or location
garage|bedroom|HasA|usually have people inside
manual|television|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
fear|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
desktop|television|IsA|ground where child play
beach|garden|IsA|country
plate|box|IsA|place
disneyland|dishwasher|CapableOf|be used with a computer
oven|refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
floor|room|IsA|garden
front|answer|UsedFor|containing objects
knowledge|sorrow|PartOf|mental disorder
glass|shelf|HasProperty|edible
shop|desk|IsA|building
meeting|television|HasProperty|related to studying
frisbee|outside|PartOf|house
detroit|church|IsA|place people go for fun
toilet|jar|IsA|man made
office|desktop|IsA|list of alphabets
agreement|celebrating|IsA|activity
furniture|garage|IsA|store items
cabinet|desk|MadeOf|wood
boxes|cellar|IsA|room in a building
trouble|city|IsA|concept or place
performing|action|CapableOf|tell stories
apartment|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
clouds|corner|UsedFor|storage
excitement|smiles|IsA|activity
mess|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
fish|wisconsin|HasA|water
circus|office|IsA|religious card
restaurant|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
lamp|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
thinking|university|HasA|screen
movies|jar|IsA|part of the body
lake|wilderness|IsA|place
table|bed|IsA|place or location
synagogue|montana|IsA|house where man live
air|plants|UsedFor|throwing
body|montana|IsA|house where man live
school|garage|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
supermarket|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
beer|groceries|IsA|type of business
boxes|disneyland|HasProperty|found below ground level
bicycle|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
lamp|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
park|plants|HasA|head
shelf|table|HasA|doors
toilet|garage|CapableOf|opened or closed
factory|mexico|MadeOf|by man
room|party|CapableOf|be entered
suffering|pain|UsedFor|manifesting joy
roof|cage|CapableOf|fly
container|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
field|library|IsA|physical tangible object
cabinet|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
speaker|assessment|UsedFor|announcing something
den|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
china|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
toilet|apartment|HasProperty|a room
moss|grass|HasProperty|green
greenhouse|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
conference|wedding|UsedFor|putting on a show
creek|wilderness|IsA|natural thing
motion|stretch|CapableOf|cause injury
body|town|IsA|part of a human
carnival|opera|CapableOf|be heard
music|program|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
butterflies|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
australia|field|UsedFor|cooking
film|microwave|IsA|something you eat off
restaurant|outdoors|IsA|country
refrigerator|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
trash|bag|IsA|structure or building
supermarket|clouds|UsedFor|driving
library|museum|CapableOf|be worn
sleep|cat|IsA|place
satisfaction|fun|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
change|pocket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
laughter|embarrassment|IsA|sad emotion
work|desktop|HasA|use electricity
table|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
pond|mexico|IsA|nature-related
street|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
motel|city|UsedFor|milking cows
hairbrush|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
refrigerator|container|IsA|type of business
roof|classroom|IsA|specific part of a structure
food|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
trash|stuff|IsA|1 syllable word
windowsill|corner|AtLocation|in a home
cabinet|desk|IsA|furniture
cup|plate|IsA|  place
airport|library|HasProperty|able to be entered
plate|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
kitchen|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
bar|cup|IsA|type of room in houses
mexico|town|IsA|nature-related
key|change|HasA|function
summer|snow|IsA|vacation destination
encyclopedia|books|IsA|book
shed|attic|CapableOf|part  of a household
salad|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
library|meeting|PartOf|publication
allergies|exhaustion|MadeOf|nature
boxes|mouse|IsA|room in a building
anxiety|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
telephone|party|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
bed|home|UsedFor|reading
apartment|restaurant|HasProperty|a building structure
pantry|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
balloon|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
office|confession|IsA|place of religion
switzerland|outside|MadeOf|plastic
street|playground|HasA|first letter b
village|work|IsA|country or state
yard|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
desk|cupboard|IsA|furniture
performing|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
opera|apartment|HasProperty|alive
joy|cleanliness|PartOf|city
america|india|IsA|place
balloon|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
clouds|corner|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
entertainment|inspiration|IsA|emotion
pond|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
store|sewer|IsA|private space
dinner|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
street|state|IsA|building
sun|country|IsA|book
air|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
lemur|heaven|UsedFor|cooking
refrigerator|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
condiments|food|IsA|  place
atlas|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
classroom|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
stamps|stuff|CapableOf|be held in your hands
texas|marmoset|MadeOf|metal
contemplating|injury|IsA|negative emotion
bed|snore|HasProperty|an animal
street|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
bedroom|outside|UsedFor|cooking
sink|shelf|HasA|edible items for sale
contemplating|fear|IsA|colorful
microwave|wallet|IsA|dish
hotel|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
cellar|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
classroom|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
classroom|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
table|utensils|HasProperty|an object
russia|lemur|UsedFor|cooking
closet|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
door|paint|UsedFor|storage
birds|wings|UsedFor|travel
america|colorado|AtLocation|labeled on a map
hospital|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
clothes|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
pride|action|CapableOf|fly
building|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
house|museum|HasA|usually have people inside
purse|change|HasA|function
burrow|fly|IsA|place
lamp|airport|IsA|place to live
creek|woods|IsA|natural thing
pantry|store|IsA|location
kitchen|house|CapableOf|be currently visited
mind|dance|PartOf|building
paperwork|mess|IsA|building
room|university|IsA|place
house|desk|IsA|ground where child play
stamps|table|IsA|dish
army|trouble|IsA|object/thing
bay|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
performing|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
cellar|sewer|HasProperty|found below ground level
refrigerator|garage|UsedFor|storage
sleep|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
oven|sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
groceries|cupboard|HasA|roof
apartment|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
case|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
inspiration|instruction|IsA|emotion
playground|town|IsA|place people work and live
cage|field|AtLocation|in home
classroom|bedroom|HasProperty|a room
computer|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
tennessee|ranch|MadeOf|country
clothes|dust|IsA|1 syllable word
building|garden|UsedFor|swimming
playground|park|UsedFor|children to play
drinking|agreement|IsA|verb
world|dirt|PartOf|the continent 
kitchen|restaurant|HasA|usually have people inside
closet|attic|CapableOf|be used for storage
town|africa|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
nest|forest|IsA|living thing
skate|opera|PartOf|building
teacher|conference|IsA|school supply
field|class|IsA|place for students
crowd|park|IsA| event
auditorium|people|IsA|religious card
field|hole|IsA|place where money is kept
backpack|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
movie|stamps|UsedFor|storage
passageway|library|UsedFor|a holiday
mountain|beach|PartOf|natural landscape
village|bus|AtLocation|on a map
cupboard|michigan|UsedFor|eating
countryside|building|IsA|nature-related
church|jail|IsA|place
attic|garage|AtLocation|within a building's structure
desert|forest|AtLocation|at america
refrigerator|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
china|yard|UsedFor|transportation
plants|house|AtLocation|outside
trees|pond|IsA|nation
crying|sadness|HasProperty|linked to food
hotel|school|CapableOf|have a street address
museum|garage|IsA|room in a property
building|cave|HasA|beds
park|sea|HasProperty|hot
corner|kitchen|HasProperty|a public place
refrigerator|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
germany|confusion|PartOf|building
computer|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
bay|river|AtLocation|inland
opera|tent|IsA|place
bar|plate|IsA|type of room in houses
commercial|encyclopedia|IsA|place
medium|soup|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
cupboard|wall|CapableOf|be found in a house
wall|classroom|MadeOf|wood
balloon|air|CapableOf|be entered
dishwasher|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
cabinet|sink|IsA|furniture 
closet|building|IsA|place to live
rug|store|CapableOf|sleeping
street|ground|AtLocation|at floor level
stomach|oven|HasProperty|edible
skyscraper|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
confusion|satisfaction|HasA|ltr p
earth|church|HasProperty|part of a human
fear|thinking|CapableOf|fly
hunger|knowing|MadeOf|wood
kitchen|porch|UsedFor|work
bathroom|closet|IsA|building
bridge|road|CapableOf|be drived on with car
box|container|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
hallway|bedroom|HasProperty|a public place
change|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
drawer|nature|HasProperty|an animal
museum|office|HasProperty|religious
nightmares|depression|IsA|negative thing
dust|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
agreement|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
conference|auditorium|IsA|religious card
potatoes|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
meeting|information|HasA|screen
field|television|IsA|physical tangible object
soup|water|UsedFor|transportation
desktop|desert|HasProperty|hot
change|money|HasA|function
lamp|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
snore|attic|PartOf|house
forest|sky|IsA|natural thing
college|library|IsA|building
forest|countryside|IsA|nation
class|war|IsA|action
porch|newspaper|UsedFor|studying in
house|school|IsA|another word for show
dishes|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
cut|lightning|IsA|animal
drawer|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
funeral|food|IsA|part of the body
garden|desert|IsA|location
city|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
jail|shop|IsA|1 syllable  word
meeting|television|IsA|place for students
candle|rain|UsedFor|work
earth|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
building|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
television|attic|AtLocation|indoors
cupboard|cellar|HasProperty|found below ground level
lemur|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
water|medium|IsA|physical item 
warehouse|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
playground|backyard|IsA|country
office|hospital|IsA|study room
stadium|house|HasA|pool
country|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
reflection|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
food|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
school|library|CapableOf|have a street address
room|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
trunk|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
connection|store|IsA|public place
birds|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
birds|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
effort|stretch|HasProperty|usually fast
vase|shelf|UsedFor|holding things
synagogue|supermarket|HasProperty|part of a human
bathroom|cabinet|HasA|roof
store|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
table|shelf|IsA|place to store items
bar|hospital|IsA|building
garage|attic|AtLocation|in home
shop|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
enjoyment|communication|IsA|physical emotion
wallet|bubblegum|CapableOf|be held in your hands
plate|demonstration|IsA|place
garden|park|CapableOf|be part of a house
concert|garden|IsA|object that can be held
boat|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
birds|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
rosebush|kennel|IsA|place or location
food|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
ocean|chair|MadeOf|energy
oven|plate|CapableOf|store things
bedroom|church|IsA|object that can be held
head|color|HasProperty|related to studying
backpack|closet|UsedFor|storage
demonstration|war|PartOf|the human body
apartment|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
love|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
table|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
stuff|coffee|UsedFor|eating
desktop|locker|IsA|place of learning
drugstore|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
wedding|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
stove|refrigerators|HasProperty|used for meals
montana|apartment|IsA|place
town|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
stuff|case|IsA|1 syllable word
supermarket|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
wings|school|CapableOf|fly
knowledge|encyclopedia|HasProperty|related to studying
tears|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
street|garage|UsedFor|transportation
food|pizza|HasProperty|edible
jail|bread|IsA|product that people buy
apartment|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
glass|sink|IsA|furniture
porch|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
cupboard|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
silence|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
party|house|IsA|place children play
trees|forest|UsedFor|children to play
pantry|floor|IsA|furniture
desktop|office|IsA|building 
churchyard|skyscraper|AtLocation|indoors
table|apartment|IsA|furniture 
building|conference|IsA|place or location
hallway|bathroom|AtLocation|in a building
cage|forest|CapableOf|fly
australia|russia|IsA|place
freeway|maze|HasA|airplanes
cooking|canada|IsA|us state
condiments|refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
house|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
stove|table|CapableOf|store things
ceiling|hallway|UsedFor|work
cut|action|IsA|emotion
convention|town|IsA|house where man live
backpack|store|IsA|made of wood
television|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
library|meeting|MadeOf|paper
town|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
street|city|IsA|state
kitchen|kitchens|IsA|type of room in houses
field|punch|IsA|emotion
countryside|garden|IsA|part of nature
desktop|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
medium|street|UsedFor|eating or drinking
box|bag|UsedFor|storing physical things
office|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
disneyland|air|IsA|brand
table|bowl|CapableOf|be eaten
highway|bridge|UsedFor|driving on or over
city|theater|CapableOf|have people physically in it
library|notebook|UsedFor|reading
mansion|house|HasProperty|a type of building
garage|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
yard|canada|IsA|place people work and live
closet|floor|HasProperty|removable
good|war|IsA|action
store|closet|IsA|structure or building
bicycle|closet|IsA|place to pray
cage|universe|CapableOf|be read
cellar|store|CapableOf|be opened/closed
party|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
room|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
apartment|opera|IsA|social event
monastery|confession|IsA|religious card
injury|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
newspaper|library|IsA|place for students
car|bed|AtLocation|on the map
sunbathers|desert|HasProperty|hot
desktop|notebook|IsA|building
restaurant|backyard|IsA|country
roof|loft|IsA|specific part of a structure
australia|bank|MadeOf|paper
computer|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
conference|briefcase|IsA|place where students learn
garbage|television|HasProperty|an animal
trash|kitchen|IsA|furniture
telephone|corner|HasProperty|used for learning
box|school|UsedFor|learning
ocean|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
air|car|PartOf|food and drink
skyscraper|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
garage|sink|IsA|physical item 
room|backyard|UsedFor|standing on
bedroom|airport|IsA|object that can be held
nebraska|michigan|IsA|business that serves food
crying|agreement|IsA|sad emotion
apartment|theater|HasProperty|part of a human
dentist|shop|IsA|physical item 
chair|trunk|PartOf|house
mouth|movies|IsA|place
library|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
store|bathroom|HasProperty|man-made
accomplishment|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
book|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
furniture|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
university|head|HasA|screen
garage|nature|PartOf|house
garbage|chair|IsA|store items
street|puddle|UsedFor|eating or drinking
kitchen|oven|HasProperty|used for meals
desk|table|UsedFor|storage
warehouse|cellar|PartOf|house
encyclopedia|sloth|IsA|place
theater|chairs|IsA|type of room
dishwasher|cabinet|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
head|book|HasA|screen
playground|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
medium|soup|CapableOf|be used as transport 
forest|nature|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
bird|countryside|IsA|natural thing
depression|nightmares|PartOf|mental disorder
food|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
school|computer|IsA|building
oven|container|CapableOf|be found in a house
room|basement|AtLocation|at a home
depression|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
restaurant|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
dishwasher|mouse|IsA|place to make food
clouds|closet|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
dinner|trunk|HasProperty|removable
nature|cat|MadeOf|living parts
opera|table|UsedFor|work
restaurant|game|UsedFor|learning
tent|earth|IsA|event
world|ocean|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
fun|like|IsA|verb
backpack|desktop|IsA|place of learning
subdivision|china|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
egypt|excavation|IsA|country
tent|supermarket|IsA|home
jar|pocket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
library|information|IsA|something kept a home
skin|body|IsA|place
beach|building|AtLocation|outside
canada|pennsylvania|AtLocation|in north america
dinner|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
field|encyclopedia|HasA|screen
ocean|office|IsA|place to live
countryside|tree|IsA|animal
ceiling|carpet|PartOf|building a house
town|street|IsA|business that serves food
building|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
food|action|CapableOf|tell stories
auditorium|city|IsA| event
apartment|window|IsA|ceremony
bowl|market|IsA|food
kennel|rosebush|IsA|place or location
electricity|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
desert|sahara|IsA|geographic location
restaurant|workplace|UsedFor|a gathering of people
cabinet|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
rug|room|UsedFor|decoration
refrigerator|porch|CapableOf|be used with a computer
circus|conference|IsA|religious card
roof|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
doctor|home|CapableOf|store
beach|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
box|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
television|manual|PartOf|publication
backpack|paper|UsedFor|carrying things
jar|plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
box|park|IsA|part of the body
nightmares|desires|PartOf|human body
relaxation|satisfaction|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
shelf|wall|MadeOf|wood
groceries|shelf|IsA|type of business
shelf|cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
house|water|MadeOf|organic material
demonstration|conference|IsA|human or part of human
bottle|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
box|nest|PartOf|house
wedding|funeral|IsA|place
attic|snore|HasProperty|an animal
information|library|HasA|letter e in it
table|sink|HasProperty|edible
wedding|buildings|HasProperty|alive
head|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
cupboard|stamps|UsedFor|eating
greenhouse|porch|CapableOf|cooking
fear|cut|CapableOf|fly
conference|person|PartOf|body
montana|opera|IsA|part of a human
love|laughter|IsA|sad emotion
class|opera|IsA|action
jar|house|UsedFor|in a bathroom
trash|beach|UsedFor|farmers 
motel|desk|IsA|study room
meeting|knowledge|IsA|place for students
desktop|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
ocean|roof|IsA|living thing
restaurant|countryside|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
cupboard|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
ficus|refrigerator|HasProperty|decorative
water|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
desk|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
fight|argument|HasA|physical element
table|kitchens|IsA|type of food
office|television|HasProperty|used for learning
pantry|kitchen|HasProperty|used for meals
burger|onions|IsA|type of food
barn|building|UsedFor|teaching
highway|street|UsedFor|car travel
lightning|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
jar|toilet|CapableOf|store small items
soup|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
clothing|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
beer|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
town|china|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
dishwasher|microwave|IsA|something you eat off
library|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
car|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
stupid|car|HasProperty|an action
michigan|nebraska|IsA|business that serves food
cabinet|nails|IsA|school supply
grape|carrots|IsA|food
maze|house|HasA|airplanes
cellar|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
music|elevator|CapableOf|be heard
desktop|sink|HasProperty|edible
fire|hairbrush|CapableOf|move location
nails|container|CapableOf|be eaten
television|attic|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
india|california|CapableOf|be read
office|chair|CapableOf|move people
valley|wilderness|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
internet|meeting|HasProperty|a publication
bathtub|garden|HasA|wheels
ocean|sea|HasProperty|human made
forest|outdoors|IsA|natural thing
restaurant|park|IsA|nation
airport|college|IsA|object that can be held
outdoors|park|IsA|country
library|encyclopedia|HasA|screen
box|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
cage|sky|IsA|living thing
restaurant|television|UsedFor|storing things inside
bedroom|hallway|IsA|type of room
convention|conference|IsA|part of a human
car|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
lamp|park|HasProperty|1 syllable
refrigerators|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
montana|earth|IsA|home
synagogue|office|UsedFor|praying
beaver|desert|PartOf|political geographical area
town|subdivision|IsA|place where you can live
river|waterfall|IsA|man made
shelf|pot|HasA|plug or power source
outside|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
hallway|museum|HasA|usually have people inside
outside|burrow|IsA|place
attic|cellar|IsA|room (type)
world|ocean|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
sleep|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
backpack|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
work|wall|MadeOf|paper
nature|countryside|IsA|natural thing
love|enjoyment|IsA|verb
shelf|desk|UsedFor|storage of physical items
cupboard|floor|MadeOf|food
suburbs|forest|IsA|proper noun
discovery|action|CapableOf|fly
kitchen|airport|UsedFor|cooking
playground|backyard|IsA|place you visit often
discovery|injury|CapableOf|cause pain
restaurant|church|HasA|person stood at the front
germany|confusion|IsA|action
park|forest|CapableOf|be part of a house
soup|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
can|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
wedding|people|IsA|place
apartment|house|UsedFor|storing things inside
street|sun|IsA|vacation destination
paper|cabinet|CapableOf|be used for travel
forest|sky|CapableOf|fly
passageway|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
museum|synagogue|IsA|place of learning
playground|yard|UsedFor|swimming
hole|bank|UsedFor|food
table|anthology|IsA|place or location
opera|internet|HasProperty|alive
opera|town|IsA|part of a human
store|church|UsedFor|living
cupboard|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
field|color|UsedFor|studying
dancing|agreement|IsA|activity
school|universe|IsA|place or location to visit
backyard|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
office|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
cabinet|classroom|IsA|building
region|dirt|PartOf|the continent 
snore|attic|HasProperty|a household item
container|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
greenhouse|park|HasProperty|found in a home
crying|agreement|UsedFor|manifesting joy
dust|shelf|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
pocket|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
den|home|HasA|door
cleanliness|arguments|CapableOf|happiness
lightning|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
supermarket|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
yard|valley|AtLocation|in your company
airplane|wings|UsedFor|travel
detroit|airplane|PartOf|house 
college|inside|HasProperty|material
lamp|speaker|AtLocation|in a kitchen
inside|boat|HasProperty|furniture in a house
antarctica|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
closet|cellar|AtLocation|within a building's structure
happiness|contemplating|IsA|colorful
synagogue|god|IsA|mental place
windowsill|shelf|UsedFor|at home
refrigerator|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
auditorium|basement|IsA|building
dishwasher|box|AtLocation|inside a house
store|jar|IsA|school supply
cellar|attic|UsedFor|cooking
plate|stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
roof|box|IsA|living thing
store|clothes|IsA|1 syllable word
class|encyclopedia|IsA|place for students
bar|supermarket|IsA|public place
street|house|IsA|car
park|beach|IsA|place people work and live
store|classroom|IsA|place people can visit
allergies|boredom|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
floor|furniture|IsA|building
country|dirt|MadeOf|water
stomach|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
table|program|UsedFor|work
television|dust|AtLocation|indoors
ceiling|desktop|MadeOf|paper
bedroom|roof|UsedFor|storage
restaurant|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
manual|television|HasProperty|singular
contemplating|food|IsA|negative emotion
teacher|container|IsA|piece of furniture
cat|bed|HasProperty|a household item
exercise|movement|AtLocation|on the body
canada|pennsylvania|AtLocation|at a party
refrigerator|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
school|college|IsA|building
earth|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
knowledge|shock|IsA|emotion
dishwasher|cabinet|IsA|form of entertainment
church|supermarket|HasProperty|part of a human
theater|tent|HasProperty|part of a human
school|apartment|IsA|location
desk|case|IsA|dish
opera|town|IsA|place
lamp|school|UsedFor|a holiday
museum|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
contemplating|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
wilderness|school|CapableOf|be currently visited
cinema|classroom|HasProperty|alive
shoes|dishwasher|UsedFor|indoor activities
television|party|IsA|building
food|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
embarrassment|money|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
forest|desert|HasProperty|man made
shelf|museum|IsA|place to store items
allergies|arguments|MadeOf|golden
countryside|forest|HasProperty|man-made
bed|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
party|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
table|papers|HasProperty|derived from wood
playground|mountain|AtLocation|at a party
trees|field|IsA|man made thing
manual|dictionary|CapableOf|be held with one hand
continent|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
room|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
cabinet|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
utensils|box|IsA|furniture
yard|garden|AtLocation|outside
movement|stretch|HasProperty|tiring
garage|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
bathroom|hospital|IsA|business
closet|trunk|UsedFor|storage
desk|desktop|IsA|study room
silence|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
garage|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
germany|confusion|CapableOf|be heard
bowl|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
bathtub|corner|MadeOf|organic brown matter
china|river|IsA|location
shelf|museum|MadeOf|wood
cupboard|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
bar|container|IsA|type of business
glass|sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
person|mouth|CapableOf|make a sound
party|refrigerator|IsA|product that people buy
pleasure|knowing|IsA|emotion
book|television|IsA|place
home|basement|CapableOf|be moved around
beaver|seaside|CapableOf|be read
yard|swimming|IsA|animal
fear|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
wedding|park|IsA|part of the body
body|church|IsA|place
butterflies|injury|CapableOf|fly
television|box|UsedFor|eating
apartment|box|AtLocation|inside a house
action|key|CapableOf|hold objects
kitchen|restaurant|HasProperty|related to eating
tree|wood|HasProperty|furniture in a house
dancing|enjoyment|IsA|verb
box|drawer|MadeOf|plastic
meeting|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
funeral|trunk|IsA|structure or building
toilet|mouse|IsA|place to make food
floor|table|CapableOf|store
arboretum|ficus|HasProperty|a state in the usa
tree|wedding|IsA|place or location
couch|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
cabinet|paper|CapableOf|be used for travel
field|beach|UsedFor|farmers 
people|montana|IsA|religious card
desires|sweat|HasProperty|negative in human sense
montana|city|HasA|buildings in it
sink|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
desk|shelf|AtLocation|in the home or  office
magazines|clothing|IsA|physical item 
universe|school|IsA|animal or book
backyard|cooking|IsA|us state
street|fun|IsA|place to pray
theater|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
house|supermarket|CapableOf|be entered
sink|oven|HasProperty|edible
marmoset|lemur|IsA|animal or book
ocean|sea|IsA|somewhere animals swim
town|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
tears|communication|IsA|physical emotion
computer|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
movie|garden|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
carnival|confusion|PartOf|building
desk|floor|IsA|home appliance
moon|sun|HasProperty|white
puddle|harbor|IsA|physical item 
performing|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
ballpark|jar|IsA|cartoon
outdoors|backyard|IsA|country
beach|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
problems|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
office|mess|HasProperty|a building to live in
kitchen|bed|HasProperty|found in a house
backyard|countryside|CapableOf|be part of a house
jar|bridge|PartOf|the galaxy
house|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
attic|chair|HasProperty|a household item
museum|antarctica|IsA|room
backyard|place|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
case|backpack|IsA|place
synagogue|wedding|UsedFor|learning
supermarket|field|IsA|sweet or savory
dirt|world|PartOf|the continent 
theater|tent|IsA|social event
trouble|television|HasProperty|an animal
jail|church|HasA|fee to visit
discovery|understanding|IsA|physical state
body|skin|HasProperty|part of a human
television|computer|IsA|ground where child play
bedroom|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
field|ball|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
sweat|vaccines|IsA|feeling
stream|sloth|CapableOf|be read
university|school|IsA|building
basement|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
television|desk|AtLocation|inside someone's home
apartment|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
love|tears|IsA|verb
shelf|picture|AtLocation|library
garden|roof|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
death|vaccines|IsA|feeling
airport|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
building|lamp|UsedFor|reading books
like|excitement|IsA|verb
library|hotel|CapableOf|have a street address
cellar|car|IsA|place to pray
office|computer|IsA|pencil
driveway|street|HasProperty|a location
college|bedroom|IsA|object that can be held
depression|trauma|PartOf|mental disorder
homes|school|IsA|place
park|pond|IsA|country
conference|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
library|office|MadeOf|wood
countryside|city|CapableOf|be parked on
school|museum|UsedFor|children to study
body|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
drawer|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
contemplating|performing|IsA|negative emotion
pot|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
wall|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
floor|home|IsA|garden
restaurant|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
doctor|library|UsedFor|cooling
shelf|product|CapableOf|be purchased
park|plants|PartOf|body
window|classroom|MadeOf|wood
salad|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
street|town|HasProperty|a country
street|change|UsedFor|living
city|beaver|UsedFor|driving 
park|town|HasA|walls
ocean|plants|UsedFor|throwing
classroom|restaurant|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
classroom|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
boat|fish|IsA|place that humans can swim
dictionary|desk|IsA|necessity for education
airport|jail|IsA|room or building
mind|skate|PartOf|building
theater|store|UsedFor|living
montana|wedding|IsA|place
suburb|china|CapableOf|be parked on
class|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
space|orbit|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
death|morgue|MadeOf|flesh
lamp|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
factory|attic|AtLocation|in united states
greenhouse|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
food|bowl|IsA|type of room
lake|countryside|IsA|place
couch|bathroom|UsedFor|travel
newspaper|trash|HasProperty|a solid item 
desk|table|MadeOf|plastic
electricity|lamp|UsedFor|worship
apartment|school|HasProperty|a place where people sing
product|ground|HasProperty|used at meal time
dinner|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
pride|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
wedding|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
warehouse|street|IsA|place to pray
corner|roof|UsedFor|storage
building|church|HasA|a bath
groceries|bottle|MadeOf|wood
butterflies|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
drugstore|building|IsA|specific part of a structure
alcohol|bread|IsA|public place
building|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
learning|suicide|MadeOf|the human body
backyard|persia|HasA|legs
bathroom|school|UsedFor|sport
australia|heaven|IsA|place
library|park|IsA|n electronic device
closet|hotel|HasProperty|a place where people sing
kitchen|sink|IsA|furniture
bedroom|backyard|HasA|legs
coats|passageway|IsA|place to live
demonstration|house|PartOf|the human body
closet|clothing|MadeOf|food
boxes|cupboard|IsA|room
bridge|water|HasA|pipe system attached
pot|porch|CapableOf|be used with a computer
desert|street|IsA|state
information|head|IsA|place for students
lemur|marmoset|IsA|animal or book
outside|home|IsA|part of a property
montana|suburbs|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
encyclopedia|universe|IsA|place
store|home|HasProperty|related to eating
condiments|food|AtLocation|in a house
desk|porch|AtLocation|in a house
office|bedroom|IsA|object that can be held
opera|germany|IsA|action
louisiana|california|HasA|start with a
jail|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
pantry|container|AtLocation|in a house
problems|controversy|IsA|negative thing
bar|restaurants|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
wallet|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
box|boxes|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
convention|montana|IsA|house where man live
backyard|mexico|IsA|country
control|trouble|IsA|concept or place
kitchen|food|CapableOf|cook things
cupboard|house|UsedFor|storage
park|garden|CapableOf|laugh
head|university|IsA|physical tangible object
dust|attic|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
church|theater|UsedFor|living
attic|sleep|AtLocation|in home
marmoset|mountains|IsA|place
bed|furniture|AtLocation|in home
home|nature|IsA|animal
room|hallway|IsA|car
plate|kitchen|IsA|type of food
field|oven|HasA|edible items for sale
porch|trash|IsA|building
motel|desk|IsA|ground where child play
exercise|discipline|HasA|m at the beginning
dictionary|manual|IsA|necessity for education
bottle|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
human|airplane|UsedFor|travel
disneyland|film|IsA|piece of furniture
church|opera|IsA|part of a human
glass|oven|HasProperty|edible
library|homes|IsA|place where people work
cabinet|map|CapableOf|be worn
roadway|suburb|HasProperty|a location
dust|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
florida|forest|IsA|place
supermarket|can|MadeOf|metal
airport|lamp|IsA|place to live
street|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
reflection|food|IsA|colorful
desert|hole|UsedFor|holding animals
garage|meeting|IsA|furniture
forest|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
field|hole|MadeOf|paper
auditorium|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
room|house|UsedFor|sleeping
stomach|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
apartment|tent|IsA|social event
ground|house|PartOf|body
bathroom|kitchen|IsA|room
good|mind|IsA|action
apartment|store|IsA|sweet or savory
families|movies|UsedFor|eating
fox|mountains|HasA|even number of letter
paper|desktop|CapableOf|be used for travel
canada|playground|IsA|place people work and live
windowsill|wilderness|HasProperty|2 syllables
pen|notebook|UsedFor|writing
suburb|city|HasA|buildings in it
trash|coffee|CapableOf|be held in your hands
florida|california|CapableOf|be read
jar|water|UsedFor|link between places
bedroom|backpack|AtLocation|inside a house
cabinet|manual|IsA|necessity for education
box|drawer|MadeOf|wood
creek|sky|IsA|natural thing
moon|street|IsA|car
utensils|stuff|IsA|furniture
desktop|sunbathers|IsA|person
wedding|boat|IsA|place or location
louisiana|oklahoma|AtLocation|at south united states
boat|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
field|market|CapableOf|be sweet
embarrassment|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
snore|attic|IsA|place
porch|home|PartOf|(or a) normal house
playground|building|UsedFor|swimming
ground|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
bed|closet|UsedFor|indoor activities
food|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
wires|telephone|IsA|list of alphabets
closet|computer|HasA|first letter c
kitchen|glass|HasProperty|furniture
porch|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
backpack|pocket|UsedFor|reading
roof|swimming|IsA|part of nature
problems|sleep|IsA|emotion
ground|street|MadeOf|wood
subdivision|suburb|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
store|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
enjoyment|love|IsA|emotion
airport|ocean|IsA|place to live
change|money|CapableOf|hold objects
skyscraper|churchyard|AtLocation|in your company
computer|country|UsedFor|worship
garden|countryside|IsA|country
antarctica|roof|AtLocation|indoors
utensils|box|MadeOf|wood
field|silverware|HasProperty|edible
michigan|countryside|PartOf|natural landscape
dancing|learning|IsA|something specific
thinking|meeting|HasA|screen
restaurant|bar|IsA|building
attic|television|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
soup|glass|CapableOf|be used as transport 
lamp|house|MadeOf|wood
bubblegum|money|CapableOf|be held in your hands
box|backpack|UsedFor|learning
locker|pocket|IsA|building
prison|forest|CapableOf|be read
choir|song|IsA|tv show
restaurant|electricity|UsedFor|worship
windowsill|library|AtLocation|at a famous university
burrow|fox|IsA|country or state name
plants|park|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
field|sweetness|IsA|emotion
restaurant|pot|CapableOf|cooking
park|television|UsedFor|eating
car|fun|PartOf|house
dream|problems|IsA|emotion
home|porch|CapableOf|store
house|aircraft|UsedFor|pooping
porch|doctor|CapableOf|store
ocean|country|IsA|continent
supermarket|synagogue|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
floor|table|IsA|room or building
families|box|UsedFor|eating
bathroom|cellar|CapableOf|be opened/closed
asia|switzerland|MadeOf|rocks
bar|television|UsedFor|storing things inside
book|information|HasProperty|singular
cup|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
stuff|plate|IsA|place
africa|continent|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
attic|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
wallet|jar|CapableOf|hold objects
apartment|movie|IsA|dish
cleanliness|joy|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
park|backyard|IsA|us state
air|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
paper|jar|UsedFor|writing
closet|motel|HasProperty|a place where people sing
home|house|IsA|specific part of a structure
people|synagogue|HasProperty|part of a human
town|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
wedding|bathroom|IsA|location
porch|dishwasher|IsA|place to make food
library|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
playground|building|IsA|place to grow plants
television|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
container|jar|IsA|place where students learn
cabinet|toilet|IsA|place to make food
ocean|air|IsA|location
refrigerator|garden|UsedFor|writing in
tears|communication|IsA|verb
supermarket|air|UsedFor|driving
continent|bridge|CapableOf|be walked on
hotel|store|IsA|business
bathroom|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
pantry|container|IsA|location or room
desktop|sunbathers|IsA|place
magazines|friends|UsedFor|furniture
bedroom|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
club|garden|UsedFor|learning
motel|hotel|IsA|something you can own
motel|party|IsA|study room
heaven|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
crying|knowledge|MadeOf|wood
factory|homes|IsA|type of building
university|class|IsA|place people can meet
furniture|attic|HasProperty|an animal
city|corporation|HasA|movie
shelf|beer|HasA|plug or power source
detroit|heaven|PartOf|house 
celebrating|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
america|world|IsA|continent
garage|jail|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
castle|home|CapableOf|be lived in
class|carnival|PartOf|building
school|computer|UsedFor|packing things inside
bed|cup|UsedFor|indoor activities
library|newspaper|MadeOf|paper
valley|ocean|IsA|country or state
sky|ceiling|PartOf|an office
mexico|outdoors|IsA|country
cabinet|table|AtLocation|indoors
university|water|AtLocation|within a building's structure
earth|conference|UsedFor|buying food
laughter|fun|IsA|verb
drugstore|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
suburb|state|IsA|business that serves food
enjoyment|fatigue|IsA|emotion
skyscraper|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
home|porch|IsA|1 syllable  word
headache|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
television|information|UsedFor|news
library|newspaper|IsA|physical tangible object
knowing|problems|IsA|emotion
bay|river|IsA|place that humans can swim
ceiling|building|IsA|place to sleep
television|trouble|IsA|store items
house|china|IsA|state
jar|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
building|passageway|IsA|public place
person|skate|PartOf|building
ceiling|airport|AtLocation|above the ground
lamp|computer|AtLocation|in office blocks
tent|montana|IsA|event
university|shed|PartOf|house
shop|bedroom|IsA|study room
countryside|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
clothes|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
pleasure|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
table|picture|MadeOf|paper
cupboard|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
happiness|food|IsA|colorful
pot|carnival|HasA|connection to food
roof|street|IsA|stone
countryside|bridge|IsA|living/once living
desk|drawer|UsedFor|storage
enjoyment|celebrating|IsA|verb
toronto|garage|AtLocation|in home
windowsill|cage|IsA|natural thing
basement|home|HasA|door
court|house|UsedFor|sport
table|desk|UsedFor|furnishing a house
countryside|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
notes|meeting|UsedFor|happiness
knowledge|crying|IsA|negative thing
warehouse|sewer|IsA|private space
restaurant|supermarket|IsA|event
playground|beach|IsA|country
carnival|container|UsedFor|drinking 
house|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
town|entertainment|UsedFor|over night stays 
ceiling|kitchen|IsA|specific part of a structure
jar|pocket|HasA|function
refrigerator|closet|IsA|type of business
airport|dentist|CapableOf|store
fire|car|HasProperty|capable of burning you
laughter|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
entertaining|smiles|IsA|enjoyable
suburb|suburbs|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
bathroom|store|HasProperty|man-made
city|nebraska|IsA|business that serves food
africa|town|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
reflection|injury|CapableOf|cause pain
tree|frisbee|UsedFor|throwing
nature|bed|HasProperty|a household item
trunk|dinner|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
fox|burrow|IsA|country or state name
supermarket|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
dancing|happiness|IsA|something considered as positive
garage|museum|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
person|mind|PartOf|building
home|garage|IsA|place where people live
restaurant|town|AtLocation|inside a house
kitchen|table|AtLocation|indoors
countryside|forest|IsA|man-made thing
cellar|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
death|dreams|PartOf|human body
demonstration|synagogue|AtLocation|at a house
forest|wilderness|IsA|natural thing
revelations|understanding|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
street|candle|UsedFor|work
jar|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
ground|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
tent|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
dancing|suicide|MadeOf|the human body
map|cabinet|IsA|place of learning
meeting|color|IsA|place to study
injury|performing|CapableOf|fly
meeting|library|IsA|object
park|cafe|HasProperty|something you can touch
headache|relaxation|IsA|physical state
woods|garage|AtLocation|in a building
apartment|buildings|IsA|location
depression|sorrow|IsA|negative thing
information|book|AtLocation|on a shelf
river|aquarium|HasA|water
office|classroom|MadeOf|wood
class|university|HasProperty|related to studying
depression|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
happiness|aggression|IsA|feeling or emotion
conference|demonstration|IsA|human or part of human
backyard|nature|UsedFor|cooking food
hospital|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
refrigerator|bottle|IsA|type of business
basement|shed|AtLocation|within a building's structure
kitchen|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
library|furniture|IsA|ceremony
cupboard|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
toilet|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
television|desktop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
desert|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
floor|clothes|IsA|1 syllable word
coats|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
container|teacher|IsA|school supply
pantry|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
moon|room|HasProperty|white
car|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
table|cup|AtLocation|inside a house
classroom|pocket|IsA|school supply
drinking|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
stick|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
movie|church|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
university|garage|IsA|furniture
telephone|desktop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
gate|house|IsA|public place
airport|doctor|CapableOf|provide a service
church|ocean|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
bridge|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
backyard|ballpark|IsA|outdoor area
air|nature|UsedFor|work
store|cellar|CapableOf| be moved
ceiling|backyard|HasA|legs
manual|meeting|AtLocation|in a store
injury|contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
headache|action|IsA|positive state
library|books|HasA|letter e in it
refrigerator|store|IsA|sweet or savory
meeting|color|IsA|physical tangible object
jail|clouds|UsedFor|driving
drawer|box|UsedFor|eating
kitchen|tile|IsA|building
library|museum|UsedFor|holding art collections
supermarket|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
battle|enemies|HasProperty|about  clashes
cabinet|bedroom|AtLocation|in a building
auditorium|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
furniture|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
wallet|drawer|IsA|something you eat off
meeting|manual|MadeOf|meet
house|museum|HasProperty|a room
snore|sleep|IsA|animal
car|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
backyard|pond|IsA|place you visit often
basement|room|HasProperty|white
food|supermarket|IsA|event
junk|garage|IsA|place
trunk|closet|UsedFor|storing physical things
trash|playground|HasA|first letter b
sink|medium|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
confusion|excitement|HasA|ltr p
garage|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
classroom|desktop|UsedFor|reading
pot|groceries|HasA|plug or power source
table|clock|AtLocation|library
bedroom|office|AtLocation|inside someone's home
park|canada|IsA|country
hotel|park|CapableOf|be eaten
knowledge|crying|PartOf|mental disorder
park|ground|HasA|head
airport|birds|UsedFor|eating
casino|street|IsA|place you can visit
microwave|restaurant|IsA|dish
vase|windowsill|IsA|place
university|cellar|AtLocation|within a building's structure
newspaper|airport|CapableOf|store
pocket|dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
window|floor|HasProperty|furniture
information|color|IsA|place to study
restaurant|garage|IsA|building
desk|dance|IsA|type of room
case|box|CapableOf|be held in your hands
garden|couch|MadeOf|wood
outdoors|countryside|AtLocation|outside
depression|instruction|IsA|emotion
war|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
supermarket|market|CapableOf| be moved
dinner|alcohol|UsedFor|eating or drinking
security|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
gentleman|game|UsedFor|learning
hospital|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
trunk|trash|IsA|room in a home
house|ocean|IsA|building
country|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
cleanliness|joy|MadeOf|nature
office|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
prison|suburbs|IsA|proper noun
garden|bathtub|HasA|feet to stand 
war|school|PartOf|the human body
table|lamp|MadeOf|glass
building|store|UsedFor|reading books
book|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
refrigerator|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
restaurant|michigan|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
prison|wilderness|IsA|proper noun
apartment|bar|HasA|usually have people inside
nature|outdoors|MadeOf|trees
drink|universe|CapableOf|be currently visited
battle|fight|HasProperty|about  clashes
city|stable|IsA|animal
kitchen|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
india|bank|IsA|animal
bedroom|porch|HasProperty|easily movable
cupboard|clothing|HasProperty|an object
office|cave|IsA|place to live
cabinet|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
love|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
backyard|building|AtLocation|outside
bar|toilet|UsedFor|car repair
building|church|IsA|room in a house
town|trees|IsA|place people work and live
temple|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
chair|glasses|IsA|object that can be held
school|heaven|UsedFor|travel
house|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
argument|enemies|IsA|physical outcome
stuff|trash|CapableOf|be held in your hands
cave|ocean|UsedFor|reading books
conference|montana|IsA|religious card
hospital|school|UsedFor|reading books
food|cupboard|IsA|location
buildings|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
happiness|entertaining|IsA|verb
jail|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
floor|carpet|PartOf|an office
newspaper|roadway|IsA|state
windowsill|garden|CapableOf|laugh
bar|refrigerator|UsedFor|eating or drinking
monastery|imagination|UsedFor|praying
crying|nightmares|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
town|beach|IsA|country
locker|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
montana|town|IsA|residential area
school|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
house|restaurant|HasA|pool
rock|park|IsA|living/once living
death|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
pond|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
restaurant|can|IsA|place for entertainment
disneyland|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
oven|container|AtLocation|in a house
drinking|like|IsA|physical emotion
trouble|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
house|subdivision|IsA|place where you can live
ocean|hotel|IsA|item of clothing
anthology|flowers|IsA|something kept at home
relaxation|satisfaction|IsA|verb
table|wall|CapableOf|show you time
countryside|garden|IsA|country
attic|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
headache|listening|IsA|emotion
yard|bus|IsA|country or state
bathroom|buildings|HasProperty|alive
house|windowsill|PartOf|glass
depression|shock|IsA|negative thing
bed|homes|UsedFor|travel
shelf|clothes|IsA|made of wood
roof|table|IsA|place to store items
paperwork|ocean|HasProperty|a type of building
house|school|IsA|large building
pond|backyard|IsA|country
potatoes|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
embarrassment|suffering|IsA|emotion
pantry|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
lamp|cave|UsedFor|reading books
action|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
airport|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
skyscraper|churchyard|IsA|country or state
air|tree|MadeOf|natural materials
cabinet|house|HasProperty|found below ground level
learning|entertaining|IsA|emotion
rug|floor|UsedFor|decoration
roof|street|IsA|animal
house|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
floor|house|IsA|1 syllable word
passageway|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
office|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
house|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
jar|wallet|HasA|function
cellar|basement|IsA|room in a home
table|ceiling|AtLocation|library
computer|apartment|HasProperty|a room
library|internet|CapableOf|be held in your hand
supermarket|park|IsA|place or location
control|trouble|IsA|object/thing
california|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
books|table|IsA|necessity for education
market|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
playground|valley|IsA|country
backpack|box|UsedFor|eating
communication|laughter|IsA|emotion
yard|churchyard|AtLocation|on a map
puddle|river|IsA|physical item 
market|demonstration|HasProperty|able to be entered
airport|hotel|UsedFor|borrowing books
backpack|stuff|IsA|place
apartment|store|IsA|type of building
classroom|loft|IsA|specific part of a structure
asia|pennsylvania|IsA|location
park|yard|IsA|country
window|floor|IsA|furniture
wilderness|woods|IsA|natural thing
kitchen|bedroom|UsedFor|urination
movie|case|IsA|something you eat off
classroom|office|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
animals|funeral|PartOf|the human body
computer|motel|IsA|ground where child play
field|roof|MadeOf|wood
tent|earth|IsA|place
china|city|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
wilderness|france|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
wall|theater|UsedFor|reading
water|box|PartOf|house
telephone|hotel|HasProperty|a property 
outdoors|countryside|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
street|rain|IsA|type of place
church|meeting|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
cabinet|locker|CapableOf|be used for travel
teacher|briefcase|IsA|school supply
sewer|house|HasProperty|found below ground level
mexico|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
hospital|motel|HasProperty|a place you can work
city|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
drugstore|kitchen|IsA|place to sleep
home|table|CapableOf|provide a service
wedding|montana|IsA|part of a human
teaching|anger|IsA|negative emotion
porch|attic|AtLocation|as part of a house
liquid|carnival|UsedFor|storage
building|passageway|IsA|item of clothing
dinner|trunk|UsedFor|to keep items
microwave|table|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
sweat|dreams|IsA|feeling
library|university|HasProperty|a meal
supermarket|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
skin|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
paper|briefcase|UsedFor|carrying things
town|continent|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
pantry|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
plate|oven|HasA|store edible items
ground|demonstration|HasProperty|used at meal time
forest|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
groceries|cupboard|HasA|ceiling
yard|building|IsA|place people work and live
beach|park|IsA|place people work and live
city|trouble|IsA|concept or place
enemies|battle|IsA|physical outcome
home|porch|UsedFor|reading
change|jar|IsA|place you can visit
performing|cut|IsA|emotion
headache|suicide|IsA|emotion
school|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
spoon|bowl|AtLocation|in a house
valley|nature|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
field|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
school|restaurant|UsedFor|a gathering of people
empathy|laughter|IsA|something considered as positive
earth|convention|IsA|part of a human
injuries|enemies|HasA|physical element
floor|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
garage|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
cupboard|sewer|IsA|room in a building
demonstration|airport|HasProperty|able to be entered
france|texas|HasA|car
drawer|desk|IsA|1 syllable word
woods|bar|HasProperty|a room
neighborhood|montana|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
communication|love|IsA|reaction
garage|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
lemur|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
beach|countryside|PartOf|natural landscape
kitchen|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
music|program|IsA|physical and movable item
drawer|case|IsA|something found in a household
pocket|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
supermarket|casino|IsA|place you can visit
cellar|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
food|shop|CapableOf|cook
yard|town|IsA|state
bar|classroom|HasA|usually have people inside
store|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
desk|lamp|HasProperty|1 syllable
bicycle|car|IsA|place to pray
homes|school|IsA|place where people work
ceiling|persia|HasA|legs
ballpark|box|IsA|cartoon
smiles|like|UsedFor|hobbies
ground|corner|IsA|place in a house
basement|room|AtLocation|at a home
microwave|drawer|IsA|something found in a household
attic|shed|IsA|place
mountain|canada|MadeOf|plastic
school|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
birds|swimming|HasProperty|man made
corporation|trouble|HasA|movie
countryside|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
basement|attic|IsA|room
paper|book|IsA|building
town|canada|IsA|place people work and live
performing|food|IsA|colorful
soup|bowl|AtLocation|in a home
balloon|bread|CapableOf|be entered
apartment|market|CapableOf|be sweet
classroom|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
funeral|park|CapableOf|have people physically in it
nails|conference|UsedFor|writing
floor|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
refrigerator|casino|MadeOf|metal
backpack|store|MadeOf|food
excitement|relaxation|IsA|action
bank|australia|IsA|place
floor|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
bed|cat|HasProperty|a household item
birds|wings|PartOf|house 
locker|briefcase|CapableOf|be used for travel
corner|museum|IsA|place to store items
pond|trees|CapableOf|be part of a house
refrigerator|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
supermarket|key|UsedFor|living
backpack|car|UsedFor|to keep items
restaurant|museum|AtLocation|in a building
france|arizona|IsA|state
hotel|airport|UsedFor|a holiday
university|knowledge|HasProperty|related to studying
embarrassment|trauma|IsA|something a baby could have
warehouse|basement|IsA|place
mouth|voice|AtLocation|on/in the human body
desk|microwave|IsA|something found in a household
silverware|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
nostalgia|sorrow|IsA|emotion
briefcase|teacher|UsedFor|writing
clothing|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cabinet|shelf|IsA|room
listening|suicide|IsA|emotion
garden|classroom|UsedFor|reading
person|war|IsA|action
shed|attic|IsA|structure or building
lightning|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
mexico|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
china|montana|HasA|buildings in it
attic|ocean|MadeOf|energy
motel|computer|IsA|ground where child play
lemur|cage|IsA|country
jar|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
desktop|sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
loft|room|IsA|private space
pond|river|HasProperty|human made
theater|dance|IsA|room in a house
battlefield|palace|PartOf|the human body
classroom|conference|IsA|place people can visit
warehouse|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
cat|television|HasProperty|an animal
closet|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
can|pot|HasA|plug or power source
person|class|PartOf|building
garage|water|IsA|physical item 
picture|book|AtLocation|library
house|apartment|UsedFor|living in
state|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
kitchen|store|IsA|location
jail|church|IsA|person
outdoors|forest|CapableOf|be part of a house
closet|garage|UsedFor|storage
balloon|bread|IsA|product that people buy
bowl|spoon|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
cabinet|roof|MadeOf|wood
cupboard|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
hotel|house|CapableOf|hold people against their will
plate|table|IsA|location or room
food|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
china|montana|HasProperty|a location
greenhouse|porch|IsA|furniture
drawer|newspaper|CapableOf|store
toilet|papers|AtLocation|in bathroom
state|street|IsA|building
trunk|automobile|CapableOf|store a car
concert|garden|UsedFor|worship
shelf|market|HasProperty|used at meal time
bed|attic|IsA|place
house|love|HasA|airplanes
information|car|CapableOf| be held in your hand
park|trees|IsA|nature-related
game|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
television|telephone|IsA|study room
louisiana|mountains|IsA|us state
bed|snore|IsA|place
jar|box|IsA|place
desk|attic|MadeOf|energy
butterflies|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
shop|library|IsA|ground where child play
supermarket|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
restaurant|hotel|IsA|public building
tent|supermarket|HasProperty|part of a human
stamps|cabinet|IsA|something found in a household
cave|airport|HasA|beds
church|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
balloon|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
good|person|PartOf|building
sky|rain|UsedFor|work
television|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
suburbs|roadway|MadeOf|sand
wilderness|desert|UsedFor|holding animals
desktop|encyclopedia|UsedFor|viewing/reading
backpack|table|AtLocation|in a home
knowledge|trauma|IsA|negative thing
rock|ground|IsA|stone
greenhouse|plants|UsedFor|children to play
trunk|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
enjoyment|favors|IsA|physical emotion
cabinet|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
information|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
field|bathroom|CapableOf| be moved
synagogue|tent|IsA|planet
earth|convention|UsedFor|buying food
desktop|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
countryside|sky|HasProperty|man-made
mansion|classroom|HasProperty|alive
control|government|IsA|concept or place
car|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
church|class|HasA|person stood at the front
anxiety|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
pantry|museum|MadeOf|wood
theater|earth|IsA|part of a human
burrow|outside|IsA|country or state name
drinking|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
opera|convention|IsA|social event
chair|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
playground|yard|IsA|place you visit often
building|garage|CapableOf|have people living there
candy|chocolate|UsedFor|eating
desktop|lamp|IsA|building
anger|confusion|IsA|negative emotion
mansion|opera|UsedFor| gathering together
town|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
cabinet|disneyland|IsA|building
nostalgia|problems|IsA|positive thing
trash|stamps|CapableOf|be held in your hands
table|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
bathroom|conference|HasProperty|alive
punishment|happiness|IsA|noun
shelf|container|IsA|type of business
greenhouse|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
park|tree|MadeOf|natural materials
tent|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
boat|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
computer|lamp|UsedFor|work
apartment|town|UsedFor|buying food
skyscraper|computer|IsA|country or state
clouds|dinner|IsA|product that people buy
city|village|IsA|country or state
corner|pantry|AtLocation|indoors
drawer|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
president|corporation|IsA|book
exercising|effort|CapableOf|cause injury
beach|windowsill|IsA|living thing
state|nebraska|IsA|building
office|museum|IsA|place for reading
store|lamp|UsedFor|a holiday
bubblegum|change|HasA|function
anxiety|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
garden|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
moon|water|HasProperty|a building
state|street|AtLocation|inside a house
company|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
container|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
film|dishwasher|IsA|form of entertainment
conference|chairs|IsA|type of room
stomach|table|MadeOf|metal
boxes|box|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
sink|shelf|AtLocation|in a kitchen
roof|shelf|MadeOf|wood
bowl|kitchen|HasProperty|related to eating
sewer|house|UsedFor|cooking
food|soup|AtLocation|in a home
bag|closet|UsedFor|storing physical things
paperwork|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
doorway|bathroom|PartOf|house 
backyard|building|IsA|nature-related
colorado|america|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
temple|drugstore|AtLocation|in your room
cabinet|drawer|UsedFor|eating
store|box|PartOf|house
fear|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
opera|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
field|book|IsA|part media
inspiration|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
magazine|magazines|IsA|room or building
mountains|park|IsA|living/once living
house|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
books|newspaper|MadeOf|meet
drawer|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
wall|kitchen|IsA|room
people|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
house|apartment|UsedFor|storing things inside
class|color|HasProperty|a meal
soup|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
sunbathers|street|HasProperty|hot
burrow|fox|IsA|place
internet|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
carpet|dance|IsA|type of room
basement|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
dust|table|MadeOf|wood
street|basement|UsedFor|work
store|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
school|computer|UsedFor|student
people|skin|UsedFor|buying food
drawer|microwave|IsA|something you eat off
convention|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
market|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
road|plane|IsA|music related event
refrigerator|refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
floor|store|IsA|made of wood
cellar|closet|IsA|place to pray
information|university|HasProperty|related to studying
container|cellar|IsA|room in a building
bottle|groceries|IsA|type of business
contemplating|pride|CapableOf|fly
books|library|AtLocation|in a store
cabinet|paper|CapableOf|be worn
briefcase|desktop|IsA|place of learning
newspaper|city|UsedFor|transportation
cage|dictionary|IsA|place
good|germany|CapableOf|be heard
hairbrush|ceiling|AtLocation|in your room
drugstore|temple|CapableOf|move location
stretch|discipline|HasProperty|tiring
bar|classroom|UsedFor|urination
conference|demonstration|MadeOf|a natural material
town|tent|IsA|home
corner|dust|UsedFor|standing on
inspiration|remembering|IsA|emotion
anger|stress|IsA|feeling or emotion
fear|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
library|college|CapableOf|move
beaver|books|PartOf|political geographical area
teapot|home|AtLocation|in the united states
cow|city|MadeOf|country
refrigerator|air|IsA|product that people buy
canada|trouble|IsA|object/thing
wallet|dishwasher|IsA|something found in a household
church|warehouse|AtLocation|within a building's structure
coats|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
countryside|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
school|class|CapableOf|be performed
tent|supermarket|UsedFor|learning
canada|town|AtLocation|outside
rug|table|AtLocation|inside a house
candy|television|IsA|public building
tent|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
porch|chair|CapableOf|move people
home|floor|IsA|part of a house
hospital|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
hospital|hotel|HasA|bed for sleeping
warehouse|attic|IsA|place to pray
college|garden|IsA|object that can be held
porch|bedroom|PartOf|house
working|stress|IsA|negative emotion
closet|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
chicken|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
room|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
yard|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
circus|people|IsA|place of religion
apartment|demonstration|UsedFor|student
floor|backyard|IsA|part of a house
field|bank|IsA|place
bus|skyscraper|AtLocation|in your company
supermarket|soup|UsedFor|storage
cup|table|HasProperty|used for meals
locker|map|UsedFor|reading
sink|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
glass|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
supermarket|cupboard|IsA|food
wilderness|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
jail|room|UsedFor|sleeping
garden|bathtub|HasA|wheels
shop|motel|IsA|study room
car|entertainment|IsA|emotion
sleep|knowing|IsA|emotion
garden|opera|UsedFor|worship
museum|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
carrots|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
disneyland|sahara|IsA|geographic location
soup|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
meeting|desktop|AtLocation|at home
detroit|airport|UsedFor|eating
table|apartment|IsA|building
dust|shelf|CapableOf|contain multiple people
conference|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
condiments|cheese|IsA|type of food
water|jar|PartOf|kitchen
switzerland|himalayas|IsA|location
porch|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
toilet|ocean|MadeOf|organic material
enjoyment|love|IsA|physical emotion
woods|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere to go
ground|tree|IsA|part of nature
inside|notes|IsA|building
communication|suffering|UsedFor|manifesting joy
refrigerator|museum|IsA|place to store items
closet|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
arkansas|tennessee|IsA|us state
mail|store|IsA|room in a home
opera|computer|UsedFor|work
village|hallway|IsA|country or state
coats|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
bed|school|CapableOf|be lived in
celebrating|agreement|IsA|verb
town|conference|IsA|place or location
michigan|case|UsedFor|eating
case|desk|MadeOf|plastic
glass|shelf|IsA|furniture 
homes|church|HasProperty|child friendly
learning|empathy|IsA|something considered as positive
backpack|blanket|HasProperty|something you can carry
cabinet|utensils|UsedFor|storage
dust|carpet|AtLocation|on the floor
bus|valley|IsA|country or state
meeting|color|IsA|part media
trouble|sun|HasA|movie
america|mexico|AtLocation|labeled on a map
refrigerator|garage|CapableOf|storing food
car|clouds|IsA|product that people buy
kitchens|market|IsA|piece of furniture
water|medium|CapableOf|be used as transport 
forest|pond|IsA|nation
carnival|opera|IsA|action
sea|beach|HasProperty|hot
tears|punishment|HasA|punish
entertaining|listening|MadeOf|the human body
loft|roof|IsA|place to sleep
backyard|playground|UsedFor|children to play
field|rock|IsA|man made thing
street|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
pocket|wallet|HasA|function
town|forest|IsA|place people work and live
trauma|controversy|HasProperty|typically positive
hallway|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
outside|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
shop|motel|IsA|ground where child play
stove|table|HasProperty|used for meals
bridge|ocean|CapableOf|can you drink it
backyard|town|HasA|walls
theater|montana|HasProperty|an event
fly|medium|UsedFor|eating or drinking
groceries|shelf|AtLocation|in a kitchen
joy|pride|IsA|action
house|car|PartOf|food and drink
meeting|book|HasA|screen
dishwasher|toilet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
thinking|class|UsedFor|studying
wall|office|UsedFor|reading
desktop|shelf|CapableOf|be found in a house
table|plate|HasA|store edible items
apartment|tent|IsA|planet
agreement|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
smiles|entertaining|IsA|verb
country|army|IsA|concept or place
museum|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
kitchen|bar|IsA|type of food
electricity|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
mexico|park|IsA|place
bathroom|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
plate|stove|HasA|empty space in it
president|sun|HasA|movie
house|trunk|UsedFor|car travel
office|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
skin|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
ground|refrigerator|IsA|place people live
burger|pizza|IsA|location or room
discovery|pride|HasA|physical appearance
notebook|notes|IsA|object
wall|floor|IsA|item of furniture
school|classroom|UsedFor|student
plate|refrigerators|HasA|empty space in it
bridge|boat|HasA|water
television|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
floor|clothing|UsedFor|storage
street|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
corporation|country|CapableOf|place
dust|closet|HasProperty|found inside a house
coats|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
box|trash|IsA|room in a home
earth|supermarket|IsA|place
sleep|junk|HasProperty|an animal
learning|listening|IsA|activity
window|pantry|IsA|furniture
color|university|IsA|part media
colorado|texas|AtLocation|labeled on a map
city|fish|HasA|water
trunk|shelf|UsedFor|keeping things inside
cabinet|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
classroom|garden|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
pond|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
building|storage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
table|container|IsA|  place
freeway|connection|IsA|business
wedding|supermarket|IsA|location
food|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
convention|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
pot|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
countryside|universe|IsA|animal or book
kitchen|wilderness|CapableOf|be currently visited
library|office|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
garbage|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
water|street|PartOf|house
color|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
maine|california|IsA|us state
refrigerator|plate|IsA|type of room in houses
refrigerator|party|CapableOf|be entered
fun|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
gate|love|HasA|airplanes
hunger|sadness|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
suburb|town|IsA|part of a municipality
motel|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
valley|city|CapableOf|be walked on
box|plate|IsA|place
heaven|god|UsedFor|praying
playground|forest|UsedFor|swimming
key|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
action|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
salad|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
toilet|ocean|CapableOf|store small items
school|apartment|PartOf|admin role
doctor|band|IsA|nation symbol
countryside|roof|AtLocation|outside
supermarket|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
container|disneyland|IsA|room
field|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
room|home|IsA|informal term for youth
bird|creek|IsA|natural thing
ocean|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
entertainment|train|IsA|mode of transport
magazines|library|UsedFor|cooling
happiness|smiles|HasProperty|a positive emotion
house|balloon|UsedFor|driving
bed|drawer|AtLocation|in home
thinking|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
barn|synagogue|AtLocation|at a house
supermarket|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
water|sun|HasProperty|white
playground|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
prison|city|IsA|place
montana|apartment|IsA|event
kitchen|restaurant|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
desktop|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
television|dinner|IsA|physical tangible object
clothing|drawer|MadeOf|food
tent|convention|UsedFor|buying food
jar|briefcase|UsedFor|carrying things
town|city|UsedFor|milking cows
england|maine|AtLocation|on a map
library|school|UsedFor|reading books
apartment|greenhouse|IsA|building
supermarket|pot|MadeOf|metal
store|hotel|IsA|business
table|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
information|television|PartOf|publication
apartment|bathroom|CapableOf| be moved
food|oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
city|neighborhood|IsA|place where you can live
window|theater|UsedFor|reading
stamps|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
pleasure|remembering|IsA|emotion
bar|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
ceiling|rug|HasA|legs
wedding|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
cupboard|table|IsA|furniture 
competing|argument|HasProperty|about  clashes
beach|box|IsA|living thing
outdoors|trees|CapableOf|be man made
airplane|wings|PartOf|house 
castle|wings|CapableOf|fly
television|library|IsA|physical tangible object
waterfall|sea|HasA|water
punch|sweetness|IsA|emotion
paperwork|closet|AtLocation|with water
mountain|cage|IsA|living thing
library|information|HasProperty|a publication
communication|laughter|IsA|verb
countryside|trees|CapableOf|be part of a house
sink|house|HasA|pipe system attached
telegram|library|IsA|visible object
auditorium|party|IsA|building
cupboard|garage|MadeOf|wood
desktop|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
building|office|IsA|item of clothing
kitchen|corner|UsedFor|storage
porch|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
mouth|box|IsA|place
apartment|church|IsA|place you buy food
telephone|desktop|UsedFor|communication
human|homes|IsA|country
aircraft|restaurant|UsedFor|pooping
library|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
sleep|bed|IsA|place
car|clothing|IsA|made of wood
university|head|HasProperty|a meal
countryside|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
ball|bearing|UsedFor|farmers 
carnival|germany|PartOf|building
cabinet|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
atlas|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
erections|dreams|AtLocation|usually in a bed
condiments|cup|CapableOf|store things
city|valley|IsA|country or state
mountains|fox|IsA|country or state name
sea|river|HasProperty|human made
passageway|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
dance|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
table|bank|UsedFor|holding things
park|plants|PartOf|house
bird|sky|MadeOf|trees
house|yard|MadeOf|sand
telephone|television|IsA|building
yard|pond|IsA|place people work and live
bathroom|freeway|IsA|business
pot|peanuts|UsedFor|drinking 
store|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
floor|home|UsedFor|reading
palace|school|HasProperty|a type of building
warehouse|shed|CapableOf|be used for storage
home|apartment|IsA|place where people live
bathroom|bar|UsedFor|car repair
supermarket|room|UsedFor|driving
museum|classroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
auditorium|party|UsedFor|sleeping
cabinet|case|IsA|dish
lightning|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
room|basement|PartOf|house
subdivision|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
bedroom|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
cabinet|desktop|UsedFor|reading
hallway|cabinet|AtLocation|in a building
crying|shock|IsA|emotion
books|pocket|UsedFor|viewing/reading
concert|television|UsedFor|worship
drawer|furniture|IsA|place
bed|office|IsA|building
dishwasher|park|AtLocation|inside a house
car|cinema|HasProperty|alive
bathroom|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
carpet|ground|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
house|party|HasProperty|a place you can work
shelf|glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
florida|store|IsA|place you can visit
forest|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
park|desk|IsA|n electronic device
forest|valley|HasProperty|2 syllables
plants|air|UsedFor|throwing
floor|bed|HasProperty|a household item
discovery|pride|IsA|emotion
sky|desk|UsedFor|building the structure of house
carpet|sky|UsedFor|building the structure of house
theater|supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
paperwork|floor|HasProperty|a type of building
knowledge|information|IsA|part media
museum|classroom|HasA|walls
wilderness|woods|MadeOf|trees
bedroom|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
town|apartment|IsA|place or location
glass|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
town|city|CapableOf|be parked on
cave|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
mouse|porch|CapableOf|be used with a computer
bedroom|city|IsA|business that serves food
neighborhood|driveway|MadeOf|sand
car|air|PartOf|food and drink
home|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
apartment|bedroom|IsA|room in a property
temple|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
meeting|desktop|AtLocation|in bathroom
closet|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
city|street|IsA|business that serves food
city|neighborhood|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
plate|cup|HasA|empty space in it
college|inside|UsedFor|happiness
pain|laughter|IsA|emotion
theater|casino|IsA|place of worship
shed|container|UsedFor|storing physical things
tile|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
ceiling|floor|PartOf|building a house
storage|garage|CapableOf|work
yard|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
desktop|car|HasA|use electricity
nightmares|sleeping|HasProperty|related to sleep
garden|park|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
cut|contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
cinema|buildings|IsA|location
supermarket|synagogue|UsedFor|learning
grape|salad|IsA|food
apartment|opera|HasProperty|part of a human
commercial|drink|IsA|animal or book
dishes|floor|IsA|furniture 
butterflies|cut|CapableOf|fly
kitchen|bathroom|UsedFor|work
plate|utensils|UsedFor|eating
ball|playground|UsedFor|playing
nature|attic|PartOf|house
china|suburbs|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
market|pantry|IsA|piece of furniture
bathtub|dirt|IsA|bodypart
house|clothes|IsA|1 syllable word
god|heaven|IsA|religious card
city|switzerland|MadeOf|country
dust|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
glass|books|IsA|furniture
attic|trouble|IsA|store items
jar|movies|IsA|place
closet|store|UsedFor|a holiday
beach|forest|IsA|place people work and live
hotel|food|IsA|event
yard|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
temple|sun|IsA|specific part of a structure
peanuts|ballpark|HasA|to do with planets
city|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
cave|house|IsA|business
forest|bathroom|IsA|living thing
restaurant|bar|HasProperty|a room
nostalgia|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
cupboard|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
shop|porch|IsA|1 syllable  word
garage|pot|IsA|furniture
microwave|drawer|IsA|something you eat off
satisfaction|talk|IsA|action
fear|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
butterflies|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
den|cupboard|HasA|roof
snow|sea|IsA|vacation destination
carnival|dance|CapableOf|be heard
home|outside|IsA|part of a property
restaurant|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
apartment|opera|UsedFor|buying food
supermarket|synagogue|IsA|place or location
information|manual|UsedFor|reading
imagination|monastery|IsA|mental place
valley|outdoors|IsA|natural thing
town|car|HasProperty|alive
cabinet|briefcase|UsedFor|storage
mountains|snow|IsA|place
store|kitchen|IsA|location
table|dishes|IsA|furniture 
cup|refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
box|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
kitchen|toilet|AtLocation|inside a house
skin|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
montana|city|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
cut|happiness|IsA|colorful
restaurant|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
condiments|jar|UsedFor|serving dinner
airport|bedroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
food|condiments|HasA|store edible items
television|movies|IsA|event
television|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
opera|church|IsA|part of a human
dictionary|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
synagogue|war|PartOf|the human body
home|floor|CapableOf|be easily carried
computer|school|UsedFor|housing
utensils|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
container|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
sun|rain|IsA|car
drawer|bowl|IsA|something found in a household
vase|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
bubblegum|key|UsedFor|living
carrots|potatoes|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
countryside|swimming|HasProperty|man made
table|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
cellar|attic|IsA|room in a home
building|hospital|HasA|airplanes
windowsill|cage|IsA|place where you can stand
supermarket|montana|UsedFor|learning
subdivision|desert|IsA|residential area
pantry|trunk|IsA|type of business
town|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
plate|oven|CapableOf|store things
pond|building|IsA|place people work and live
thinking|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
jar|moon|HasA|pipe system attached
playground|field|UsedFor|farmers 
soup|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
windowsill|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
furniture|snore|PartOf|house
closet|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
maze|cave|IsA|public place
people|body|UsedFor|buying food
clothes|table|MadeOf|food
discomfort|inspiration|IsA|n emotion
airport|university|IsA|object that can be held
utensils|coffee|IsA|piece of furniture
closet|house|UsedFor|sitting on
school|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
pain|money|IsA|positive thing
library|park|CapableOf|have people physically in it
people|theater|HasProperty|part of a human
garage|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
shelf|sink|IsA|furniture 
newspaper|television|IsA|something kept a home
france|snow|HasA|car
street|corner|HasA|wheels
excitement|love|IsA|activity
home|california|IsA|place people live
drinking|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
table|utensils|MadeOf|plastic
stadium|library|HasA|pool
room|rug|IsA|informal term for youth
game|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
building|office|UsedFor|borrowing books
sleep|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
pocket|map|IsA|place of learning
concert|lamp|UsedFor|work
roadway|yard|HasProperty|a location
bed|airport|UsedFor|cooling
bread|bar|UsedFor|eating or drinking
case|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
supermarket|pantry|HasA|door
microwave|outside|IsA|animal
erections|sweat|CapableOf|hurt
california|india|IsA|proper noun
beach|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
furniture|rug|CapableOf|sleep on it
plants|windowsill|HasA|head
library|hospital|HasProperty|a place you can work
home|teapot|IsA|type of tree
outdoors|town|IsA|place to grow plants
discipline|motion|AtLocation|on the body
cabinet|home|HasA|door
home|college|CapableOf|have people  inside
building|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
cut|injury|IsA|negative emotion
spoon|restaurant|HasProperty|related to eating
fun|drinking|IsA|verb
carrots|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
office|telephone|IsA|n electronic device
building|ocean|UsedFor|a holiday
kitchen|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
hallway|corner|HasProperty|able to be entered
television|food|IsA|event
apartment|woods|HasA|usually have people inside
clothing|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
homes|workplace|UsedFor|education
reflection|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
dance|floor|IsA|type of room
casino|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
stick|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
headache|cleanliness|MadeOf|golden
classroom|store|UsedFor|writing
container|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
dishwasher|rug|UsedFor|indoor activities
backpack|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
enjoyment|favors|IsA|verb
birds|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
tent|apartment|HasProperty|an event
party|box|AtLocation|inside a house
roof|building|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
mind|confusion|PartOf|building
castle|school|CapableOf|move freely
hallway|yard|AtLocation|on a map
action|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
library|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
trunk|shelf|UsedFor|to keep items
wedding|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
speaker|demonstration|PartOf|body
drugs|show|UsedFor|recreation activity
person|speaker|IsA|human or part of human
field|meeting|PartOf|the human body
ocean|hospital|UsedFor|reading books
store|theater|UsedFor|living
radio|internet|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
table|bed|UsedFor|reading
freeway|highway|HasA|people living on
water|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
atlas|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
movie|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
clothes|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
classroom|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
backpack|closet|MadeOf|food
drawer|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
desert|australia|IsA|animal
potatoes|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
happiness|like|IsA|activity
garden|storage|MadeOf|water
sorrow|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
mouse|porch|IsA|building
conference|classroom|UsedFor|reading
bathroom|palace|HasA|roof
inspiration|crying|IsA|emotion
basement|restaurant|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
school|house|UsedFor|formal learning
office|paper|IsA|place of learning
trunk|floor|IsA|made of wood
communication|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
box|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
market|product|HasProperty|used at meal time
mail|trash|IsA|room in a home
wilderness|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
salad|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
book|information|AtLocation|on a shelf
water|moon|UsedFor|link between places
hallway|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
garage|chair|HasProperty|an animal
kitchen|dishes|IsA|furniture
valley|hallway|AtLocation|on a map
waterfall|aquarium|HasA|water
jar|bridge|CapableOf|store small items
shelf|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
container|kitchen|IsA|type of food
sugar|cellar|IsA|room
coats|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
supermarket|action|UsedFor|living
sky|ceiling|IsA|item of furniture
playground|park|HasA|city inside
bedroom|office|CapableOf|move people
regret|talk|IsA|verb
home|demonstration|HasProperty|able to be entered
wilderness|valley|CapableOf|be walked on
detroit|park|IsA|place where you can visit
atlas|paper|IsA|building
hallway|house|HasProperty|white
pot|refrigerator|CapableOf|be used with a computer
forest|yard|HasProperty|somewhere to go
alcohol|dinner|IsA|public place
hospital|closet|UsedFor|reading books
museum|bar|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
demonstration|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
anger|sweat|IsA|positive card
closet|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
mountain|forest|PartOf|natural landscape
meeting|store|UsedFor|reading
cabinet|refrigerator|CapableOf|be used with a computer
manual|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
park|roof|IsA|animal
dishwasher|table|UsedFor|indoor activities
nostalgia|trauma|HasProperty|linked to food
garage|desktop|IsA|place to store items
india|countryside|CapableOf|be read
college|concert|IsA|object that can be held
table|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
airport|connection|IsA|business
market|flowers|IsA|place or location
mountains|marmoset|AtLocation|below
train|wedding|UsedFor|over night stays 
food|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
waterfall|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
porch|cabinet|IsA|place to make food
cupboard|kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
restaurant|cellar|CapableOf|be opened/closed
shoes|closet|AtLocation|on the map
briefcase|conference|IsA|place where students learn
cupboard|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
office|apartment|AtLocation|with water
rain|weather|PartOf|city
plate|table|IsA|  place
backyard|park|CapableOf|be man made
contemplating|anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
store|park|IsA|animal
dust|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
museum|house|HasProperty|a room
food|bowl|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
action|money|IsA|place you can visit
class|meeting|HasA|person stood at the front
school|hotel|IsA|place
bedroom|college|CapableOf|have people  inside
opera|earth|IsA|place you buy food
fear|reflection|IsA|colorful
knowing|problems|MadeOf|wood
library|safe|IsA|physical tangible object
cage|magazine|IsA|place
kitchen|window|CapableOf|be used for school
sky|people|PartOf|building a house
tent|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
ground|television|UsedFor|storage
shelf|ceiling|MadeOf|paper
hotel|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
bathroom|store|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
food|spoon|IsA|type of room
desktop|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
beaver|canada|IsA|american state
home|spoon|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
countryside|cage|CapableOf|fly
performing|pride|IsA|emotion
house|school|HasA|exterior walls
bowl|cupboard|CapableOf|be eaten
house|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
lamp|desktop|IsA|study room
carnival|music|CapableOf|be heard
car|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
work|churchyard|AtLocation|on a map
bed|floor|IsA|wooden object 
opera|carnival|PartOf|building
pride|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
shop|food|CapableOf|cook
shop|drawer|CapableOf|store
kennel|rosebush|IsA|outdoor area
class|meeting|AtLocation|in a building
communication|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
city|wilderness|HasA|water
nightmares|controversy|HasProperty|typically positive
plants|roof|HasA|head
candy|box|IsA|public building
box|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
park|desert|IsA|vacation destination
restaurant|bar|MadeOf|metal
clouds|house|PartOf|food and drink
roof|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
town|beach|AtLocation|outside
shelf|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
floor|shelf|IsA|made of wood
crying|depression|IsA|negative feeling
countryside|town|HasA|buildings in it
communication|crying|UsedFor|manifesting joy
yard|trees|IsA|country
shelf|trunk|HasA|doors
university|book|HasA|screen
argument|aggression|IsA|positive card
refrigerator|bowl|IsA|furniture
pot|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
ocean|sea|IsA|small body of water
inside|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
demonstration|plate|IsA|place
clothes|utensils|IsA|made of wood
cave|coats|IsA|place to live
bedroom|table|MadeOf|wood
staircase|person|HasProperty|a room in a building
trouble|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
refrigerator|car|CapableOf|be entered
restaurant|backyard|AtLocation|outside
china|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
pleasure|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
desktop|outside|IsA|place to store items
table|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
information|field|HasProperty|a meal
backpack|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
bedroom|classroom|HasA|usually have people inside
entertaining|enjoyment|IsA|something specific
teacher|briefcase|IsA|place where students learn
apartment|closet|AtLocation|with water
key|bubblegum|CapableOf|hold objects
bridge|house|PartOf|the galaxy
park|forest|IsA|nature-related
house|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
sleep|inspiration|MadeOf|wood
jar|pantry|AtLocation|in a kitchen
sea|pond|HasProperty|human made
commercial|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
toilet|hallway|AtLocation|in a building
plants|air|PartOf|house
bedroom|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
town|state|IsA|building
synagogue|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
store|table|IsA|1 syllable word
bar|garage|IsA|type of building
fox|outside|IsA|natural scenario
supermarket|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
learning|laughter|IsA|activity
snore|floor|HasProperty|an animal
town|countryside|IsA|nature-related
mexico|band|PartOf|man body
himalayas|mountain|IsA|location
homes|castle|CapableOf|be lived in
california|england|IsA|country or state name
canada|mexico|IsA|place you visit often
flowers|market|IsA|place or location
exercise|motion|AtLocation|on the body
death|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
manual|house|IsA|product that people buy
couch|church|MadeOf|wood
hotel|box|IsA|part of the body
movie|case|IsA|dish
hole|russia|UsedFor|food
ground|attic|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
pain|trauma|HasProperty|linked to food
supermarket|bathroom|CapableOf|be moved around
kitchen|market|IsA|piece of furniture
commercial|sloth|CapableOf|be read
library|building|CapableOf|have a street address
dust|floor|MadeOf|food
backyard|jungle|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
library|newspaper|IsA|object
garage|conference|CapableOf|make a sound
bathroom|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
meeting|movie|UsedFor|learning
backyard|outdoors|IsA|place or location
bedroom|bar|UsedFor|car repair
contemplating|reflection|IsA|colorful
creek|bird|IsA|1 syllable word
chicken|pool|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
classroom|dictionary|CapableOf|be used virtually 
town|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
suburb|neighborhood|IsA|residential area
food|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
trees|building|IsA|nation
love|passageway|IsA|business
church|park|IsA|place people go for fun
toronto|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
home|bed|UsedFor|reading
class|dinner|IsA|place to study
sleep|television|PartOf|house
doorway|couch|PartOf|house 
rosebush|cooking|UsedFor|preparing food
box|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
garage|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
bedroom|house|IsA|room
wall|bathroom|HasA|airplanes
punishment|anger|HasA|punish
fleas|bird|IsA|a animal
city|countryside|IsA|state
house|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
street|fingernails|IsA|bodypart
pond|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
bar|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
crying|depression|IsA|positive thing
trash|closet|UsedFor|storing physical things
clock|shelf|MadeOf|paper
ocean|toilet|MadeOf|organic material
like|entertaining|IsA|verb
boredom|arguments|MadeOf|golden
museum|bathroom|IsA|room
neighborhood|house|HasProperty|a location
fly|street|UsedFor|transportation
air|nature|IsA|car
market|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
church|program|UsedFor|work
opera|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
building|roof|IsA|place to sleep
house|town|IsA|residential area
table|drawer|UsedFor|reading 
fox|mountains|HasA|multiple definitions
discipline|exercise|HasProperty|tiring
books|classroom|UsedFor|viewing/reading
palace|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
soup|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
cupboard|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
kentucky|washington|PartOf|america
kitchen|porch|IsA|furniture
injuries|fight|HasProperty|about  clashes
funeral|hospital|PartOf|the human body
drawer|table|IsA|furniture 
wallet|bubblegum|HasA|function
trash|shed|IsA|room in a home
ceiling|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
pantry|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
mountains|arkansas|IsA|country
drawer|table|UsedFor|cooling
house|kitchen|IsA|room
couch|electricity|UsedFor|work
rosebush|kennel|IsA|outdoor area
rug|table|UsedFor|furniture
program|music|IsA|physical and movable item
pot|trunk|MadeOf|metal
person|music|CapableOf|be heard
clothes|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
antarctica|corner|IsA|place to store items
program|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
bathroom|store|IsA|living thing
table|condiments|CapableOf|cook things
embarrassment|pain|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
supermarket|church|CapableOf|keeping cash
apartment|shelf|HasProperty|furniture
hole|moon|CapableOf|be currently visited
desktop|telephone|IsA|n electronic device
birds|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
ocean|mountain|CapableOf|fly
apartment|house|HasProperty|a room
television|telephone|IsA|electronic device
building|garage|CapableOf|make a sound
telephone|desktop|IsA|place
state|valley|IsA|building
jar|container|IsA|  place
meeting|university|IsA|place for students
school|outside|UsedFor|sport
sink|ocean|CapableOf|store small items
bathroom|connection|IsA|public place
closet|attic|IsA|place for clothes
school|television|IsA|event
concert|laugh|IsA|sound
commercial|universe|IsA|place
snore|chair|HasProperty|an animal
teacher|pocket|IsA|piece of furniture
hospital|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
book|map|IsA|building
supermarket|park|IsA|part of the body
wedding|cinema|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
orbit|universe|AtLocation|public area
apartment|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
cleanliness|joy|CapableOf|happiness
sailboat|paperwork|HasProperty|a type of building
hotel|box|IsA|event
storage|building|CapableOf|have people living there
yard|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
apartment|bathroom|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
valley|bridge|CapableOf|be walked on
jail|shop|IsA|physical item 
restaurant|wedding|IsA|part of the body
embarrassment|sorrow|IsA|something a baby could have
office|computer|UsedFor|student
backyard|countryside|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
refrigerator|pot|MadeOf|metal
town|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
meeting|manual|AtLocation|in a store
bedroom|classroom|UsedFor|urination
people|audience|IsA|location
street|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
room|party|UsedFor|driving
library|school|UsedFor|reading and studying
office|bedroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
basement|street|IsA|car
building|wall|UsedFor|reading
television|movies|IsA|public building
cellar|box|IsA|place to pray
table|dust|IsA|1 syllable word
disneyland|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
desktop|papers|AtLocation|at home
moon|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
hospital|building|CapableOf|have a street address
buildings|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
shock|problems|IsA|emotion
forest|roof|CapableOf|fly
house|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
controversy|shock|IsA|negative thing
good|opera|PartOf|building
funeral|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
refrigerator|apartment|IsA|looks like house
head|university|IsA|place for students
case|table|IsA|piece of furniture
restaurant|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
mouse|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
smiles|happiness|IsA|verb
wall|furniture|IsA|ceremony
supermarket|wedding|IsA|location
church|room|HasProperty|a place where people sing
briefcase|paper|HasA|walls
glasses|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
shelf|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
bedroom|kitchen|PartOf|vehicle
car|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
backpack|michigan|MadeOf|wood
table|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
rug|room|IsA|type of building
computer|desktop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
safe|field|HasProperty|a meal
person|mouth|UsedFor|announcing something
asia|africa|PartOf|the continent 
head|thinking|UsedFor|studying
library|school|UsedFor|washing
magazines|floor|UsedFor|cooling
room|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
moon|bridge|CapableOf|store small items
purse|wallet|IsA|thing you have on person
theater|opera|IsA|planet
contemplating|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
aquarium|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
vacuum|closet|AtLocation|public area
outside|cat|IsA|animal
clock|work|AtLocation|library
meeting|library|MadeOf|technology
toilet|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
synagogue|office|UsedFor|reading
montana|office|UsedFor|praying
university|college|CapableOf|have people  inside
continent|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
defeat|aggression|IsA|positive card
game|clothing|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
restaurant|church|HasProperty|child friendly
backpack|map|IsA|place of learning
workplace|school|HasProperty|visited by tourists
basement|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
indiana|park|MadeOf|fiber
balloon|manual|PartOf|food and drink
basement|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
tent|earth|HasProperty|an event
basement|room|IsA|car
person|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
wood|wedding|HasProperty|furniture in a house
alcohol|refrigerator|IsA|public place
hole|sunshine|CapableOf|be currently visited
pantry|stove|AtLocation|in a house
shelf|table|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
person|speaker|CapableOf|be attended
bedroom|office|IsA|item of clothing
apartment|mansion|HasProperty|alive
countryside|neighborhood|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
bedroom|wall|AtLocation|above the ground
park|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
program|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
bread|dinner|UsedFor|eating or drinking
shelf|classroom|IsA|necessity for education
window|dishes|IsA|furniture 
president|control|CapableOf|place
desktop|moon|IsA|vacation destination
head|safe|IsA|physical tangible object
classroom|garden|IsA|object that can be held
carrots|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
car|table|HasProperty|an object
cabinet|cellar|IsA|room in a building
box|candy|IsA|event
bar|bottle|UsedFor|storing things in
bathroom|sky|MadeOf|trees
desert|sea|IsA|vacation destination
pocket|briefcase|IsA|piece of furniture
synagogue|montana|IsA|place or location
shock|nightmares|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
reflection|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
plate|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
garage|river|UsedFor|transportation
jar|candy|IsA|event
floor|television|AtLocation|in home
poet|chair|IsA|object that can be held
yard|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
basement|rain|UsedFor|work
street|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
museum|desktop|IsA|place to store items
newspaper|street|IsA|state
mexico|arkansas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
hotel|office|IsA|place to live
school|workplace|IsA|place
classroom|dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
bar|museum|UsedFor|urination
drawer|case|MadeOf|wood
disneyland|pot|IsA|building
clothing|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
junk|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
bearing|ball|HasA|first letter b
books|manual|AtLocation|on a shelf
jail|newspaper|CapableOf|store
lemur|field|AtLocation|in home
school|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
cupboard|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
telephone|television|IsA|ground where child play
sink|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
car|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
backpack|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
wallet|film|IsA|something found in a household
mess|paperwork|AtLocation|with water
pantry|container|IsA|place for entertainment
dust|ground|IsA|place for clothes
attic|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
garden|greenhouse|PartOf|body
product|lasagna|CapableOf|be purchased
action|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
garden|building|UsedFor|storing stuffs
game|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
table|office|IsA|a place to read books
can|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
garden|university|IsA|place people can meet
windowsill|plants|IsA|place
mexico|yard|IsA|nature-related
school|building|IsA|place to live
motel|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
newspaper|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
forest|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
exercise|movement|CapableOf|cause injury
drawer|trunk|HasA|doors
swamp|wilderness|AtLocation|below
desk|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
trees|pond|AtLocation|outside
party|room|HasProperty|a place where people sing
conference|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
shelf|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
attic|sleep|IsA|store items
street|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
tree|wedding|HasProperty|furniture in a house
street|field|UsedFor|farmers 
entertaining|communication|IsA|verb
house|palace|IsA|large building
lights|city|UsedFor|music
closet|table|AtLocation|inside a house
countryside|yard|IsA|animal
forest|australia|IsA|place
kitchen|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
market|apartment|HasProperty|able to be entered
conference|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
school|classroom|IsA|pencil
restaurant|state|AtLocation|inside a house
vaccines|death|IsA|feeling
shelf|groceries|MadeOf|wood
workplace|school|AtLocation|indoors
mexico|building|IsA|nature-related
cut|food|CapableOf|cause pain
florida|casino|IsA|place you can visit
airport|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
computer|woods|IsA|room in a property
mountains|forest|HasProperty|part of your  house
warehouse|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
florida|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
rosebush|canada|MadeOf|fiber
home|castle|UsedFor|travel
nails|food|IsA|location
pantry|oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
sky|forest|IsA|animal
wilderness|wisconsin|HasA|water
kitchen|theater|UsedFor|reading
home|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
garage|refrigerator|HasProperty|found in the garden
school|table|PartOf|admin role
supermarket|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
kitchen|paperwork|IsA|building
trash|landfill|UsedFor|playing
body|theater|HasProperty|an event
barn|demonstration|IsA|sound
michigan|case|IsA|furniture
inspiration|fun|HasA|positive connotation
human|airplane|CapableOf|move freely
shoes|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
wallet|purse|HasProperty|to do with currency
television|information|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
ground|teapot|UsedFor|storing food
refrigerator|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
wilderness|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
car|party|CapableOf|be entered
pond|playground|IsA|country
playground|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
bank|field|MadeOf|paper
cupboard|table|AtLocation|in  a residence
funeral|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
garage|attic|AtLocation|within a building's structure
outdoors|town|IsA|nation
wood|synagogue|IsA|place or location
field|heaven|IsA|country
drawer|cabinet|IsA|furniture
groceries|bathroom|HasA|door
porch|kitchen|PartOf|house
enjoyment|happiness|HasProperty|a positive emotion
church|action|IsA|thing you have on person
skin|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
street|suburb|HasProperty|a location
television|book|IsA|thing you can touch
disneyland|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
supermarket|florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
concert|doctor|UsedFor|to get a degree
embarrassment|depression|IsA|negative thing
enjoyment|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
boxes|shed|UsedFor|storing physical things
movies|jar|IsA|object
theater|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
building|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
kitchen|food|CapableOf|store things
park|communication|IsA|feeling
action|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
dinner|head|IsA|physical tangible object
state|valley|IsA|business that serves food
water|moon|IsA|car
town|montana|HasProperty|an event
classroom|town|HasProperty|alive
cupboard|cabinet|AtLocation|inside a house
college|house|UsedFor|studying in
heaven|bank|IsA|animal
building|connection|IsA|business
garage|house|IsA|building
ocean|country|PartOf|the continent 
pond|countryside|IsA|country
airport|cave|IsA|place to live
countryside|wilderness|MadeOf|trees
potatoes|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
bar|church|IsA|country
backpack|container|UsedFor|carrying things
sleep|garbage|IsA|store items
head|meeting|HasA|screen
refrigerator|bar|IsA|type of food
church|europe|IsA|place people can meet
table|school|IsA|another word for show
office|house|UsedFor|student
drawer|utensils|MadeOf|food
supermarket|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
stamps|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
park|greenhouse|PartOf|body
sadness|trauma|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
home|apartment|HasProperty|a state in the usa
tent|church|IsA|part of a human
outside|sewer|HasProperty|found below ground level
computer|corner|AtLocation|inside someone's home
hospital|desk|IsA|ground where child play
atlas|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
house|motel|IsA|building
food|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
hairbrush|drugstore|IsA|place to sleep
house|library|IsA|building
garage|wall|CapableOf|be found in a house
cabinet|paper|UsedFor|reading
wallet|key|CapableOf|be held in your hands
roof|house|CapableOf|move location
bed|bathroom|PartOf|house 
classroom|concert|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
church|tent|UsedFor|buying food
couch|doorway|AtLocation|mostly inside
tears|favors|IsA|verb
television|movies|IsA|part of the body
wall|store|IsA|public place
opera|disneyland|IsA|place or location
carpet|desk|UsedFor|furnishing a house
california|apartment|HasProperty|where someone can live
house|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
summer|sunshine|IsA|place
stretch|movement|HasProperty|usually fast
box|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
park|mountain|HasProperty|a country
cupboard|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
river|aquarium|HasA|3 letters
beach|sunbathers|HasProperty|hot
hotel|school|IsA|building
museum|house|IsA|room
school|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
map|book|CapableOf|be worn
cellar|garage|PartOf|house
kitchen|house|IsA|place or location to visit
work|shelf|CapableOf|show you time
cup|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
countryside|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
thinking|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
pond|garden|CapableOf|be man made
bowl|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
office|building|MadeOf|wood
fatigue|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
office|store|UsedFor|reading books
floor|attic|IsA|place
party|bar|UsedFor|fun
school|homes|IsA|type of building
state|suburb|IsA|building
opera|program|MadeOf|wood
wedding|classroom|IsA|location
apartment|room|HasA|usually have people inside
imagination|god|IsA|mental place
argument|stress|IsA|positive card
floor|window|HasProperty|furniture
class|safe|HasProperty|a meal
classroom|paper|IsA|building
box|bicycle|AtLocation|within a building's structure
mansion|internet|HasProperty|alive
reflection|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
park|city|UsedFor|music
street|air|IsA|car
cabinet|library|IsA|necessity for education
plate|refrigerators|IsA|  place
cabinet|pantry|HasA|ceiling
backpack|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
dinner|closet|UsedFor|to keep items
room|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
utensils|closet|MadeOf|food
wedding|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
ceiling|lamp|HasProperty|white
president|sun|CapableOf|place
restaurant|bedroom|UsedFor|work
jar|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
lightning|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
stomach|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
pond|forest|IsA|country
wedding|skin|IsA|part of a human
house|apartment|UsedFor|pooping
bedroom|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
bowl|container|IsA|location
glass|cupboard|HasA|edible items for sale
rock|roof|AtLocation|outside
countryside|house|CapableOf|be parked on
refrigerator|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
warehouse|container|UsedFor|storing physical things
utensils|plate|IsA|furniture
park|movies|IsA|event
cabinet|mouse|AtLocation|inside a house
clouds|air|IsA|product that people buy
cat|snore|IsA|store items
trash|lawn|HasProperty|a solid item 
california|park|MadeOf|fiber
hairbrush|hospital|PartOf|the human body
windowsill|shelf|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
airport|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
supermarket|food|UsedFor|storage
garage|storage|MadeOf|water
china|suburb|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
france|colorado|IsA|place
rug|bathtub|IsA|type of building
bedroom|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
countryside|china|HasProperty|a location
closet|shelf|UsedFor|to keep items
cabinet|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
people|office|UsedFor|praying
pantry|bottle|MadeOf|wood
soup|garden|UsedFor|storage
briefcase|paper|CapableOf|be used for travel
war|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
australia|prison|CapableOf|be read
allergies|joy|MadeOf|golden
dream|pleasure|IsA|emotion
stamps|desk|UsedFor|storage
park|telephone|IsA|building
music|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
jar|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
shelf|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
cupboard|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
birds|detroit|UsedFor|travel
coats|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
newspaper|town|MadeOf|sand
chair|furniture|IsA|place
cupboard|stomach|HasA|edible items for sale
library|shop|IsA|n electronic device
garage|attic|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
theater|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
box|cup|AtLocation|on the map
opera|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
garden|forest|IsA|part of nature
park|television|CapableOf|be eaten
ocean|mountain|PartOf|natural landscape
restaurant|desk|UsedFor|storage
supermarket|opera|IsA|place
party|room|IsA|product that people buy
computer|maine|AtLocation|on a map
countryside|ocean|CapableOf|fly
argument|fight|HasA|physical element
apartment|store|AtLocation|inside a person's home
trash|bag|UsedFor|storing physical things
arguments|park|MadeOf|pause
sink|glass|IsA|furniture 
continent|sea|HasProperty|human made
theater|town|IsA|place you buy food
bay|valley|IsA|small body of water
maine|england|AtLocation|on a map
closet|house|IsA|made of wood
room|house|CapableOf|be entered
town|church|IsA|house where man live
kitchen|building|CapableOf|move location
telephone|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
sky|room|UsedFor|work
candy|movies|IsA|part of the body
floor|television|IsA|place
classroom|apartment|IsA|pencil
kitchen|cupboard|AtLocation|inside a house
mind|music|PartOf|building
clothing|newspaper|IsA|room or building
condiments|food|UsedFor|keeping things cool
clock|table|MadeOf|paper
trunk|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
pantry|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
museum|woods|HasA|usually have people inside
bedroom|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
computer|lamp|AtLocation|inside someone's home
mouse|outside|HasProperty|found below ground level
human|park|AtLocation|indoors
laughter|entertaining|IsA|something considered as positive
outdoors|ballpark|IsA|outdoor area
passageway|hospital|UsedFor|a holiday
supermarket|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
garden|lamp|UsedFor|worship
container|boxes|IsA|room in a home
church|ocean|IsA|building
sorrow|remembering|IsA|negative thing
chair|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
regret|satisfaction|IsA|mental state
countryside|leaves|IsA|man made thing
forest|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
hole|lemur|MadeOf|paper
bathtub|roof|CapableOf|sleeping
stomach|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
attic|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
music|concert|UsedFor|live performances
ocean|pond|IsA|somewhere animals swim
building|forest|IsA|nation
table|shelf|AtLocation|library
heaven|birds|PartOf|house 
restaurant|woods|UsedFor|storing things inside
newspaper|encyclopedia|IsA|place for students
store|library|IsA|place to live
floor|ceiling|IsA|home appliance
australia|city|CapableOf|be read
office|classroom|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
floor|clothes|IsA|made of wood
depression|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
circus|chair|IsA|religious card
nebraska|street|IsA|business that serves food
action|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
work|wall|CapableOf|show you time
happiness|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
backpack|apartment|IsA|furniture
food|kitchen|HasProperty|related to eating
movie|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
garden|concert|CapableOf|have people  inside
opera|concert|UsedFor|worship
field|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
classroom|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
laughter|agreement|IsA|sad emotion
desk|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
kitchens|refrigerator|IsA|piece of furniture
bed|porch|CapableOf|store
prison|india|IsA|place
rug|bathtub|IsA|building
pain|crying|IsA|emotion
australia|desert|IsA|animal
window|bathtub|HasProperty|found in a house
cupboard|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
crying|knowledge|PartOf|mental disorder
money|jar|HasA|function
god|ocean|UsedFor|praying
skin|montana|IsA|place
yard|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
car|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
classroom|conference|UsedFor|writing
arkansas|california|IsA|state in uk
table|drawer|IsA|something found in a household
exhaustion|headache|MadeOf|nature
laughter|entertaining|IsA|activity
clothing|dentist|IsA|room or building
airplane|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
outside|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
conference|buildings|UsedFor| gathering together
bowl|garage|CapableOf|cooking
backpack|jar|UsedFor|carrying things
room|house|IsA|product that people buy
floor|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
boat|apartment|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
yard|countryside|CapableOf|be part of a house
performing|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
theater|classroom|MadeOf|wood
sea|street|IsA|vacation destination
building|bedroom|IsA|type of room
locker|pocket|CapableOf|be used for travel
pond|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
people|conference|IsA|religious card
anger|fight|IsA|positive card
drugstore|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
like|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
elevator|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
woods|classroom|IsA|type of building
tears|smiles|IsA|verb
depression|embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
table|magazines|CapableOf|store
briefcase|jar|UsedFor|writing
party|desktop|UsedFor|fun
store|street|IsA|part of nature
oklahoma|arkansas|IsA|us state
bedroom|park|IsA|building
store|restaurant|IsA|type of room
sun|street|IsA|vacation destination
office|chair|UsedFor|cooking
kitchen|hallway|HasProperty|a public place
street|freeway|CapableOf|be lived in
roof|rock|IsA|natural or man made
chair|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
library|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
control|canada|IsA|concept or place
water|house|IsA|car
synagogue|convention|IsA|planet
cabinet|outside|HasProperty|found below ground level
information|book|UsedFor|reading
throne|garden|UsedFor|learning
backpack|clothes|IsA|made of wood
closet|corner|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
hospital|ocean|UsedFor|a holiday
house|hallway|IsA|car
floor|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
key|jar|HasA|function
backpack|clothes|UsedFor|to keep items
anger|suffering|HasA|punish
beach|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
closet|store|MadeOf|food
pantry|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
office|museum|CapableOf|be worn
house|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
roadway|street|HasA|sidewalks
demonstration|friends|UsedFor|furniture
trash|television|IsA|something kept a home
house|garage|HasProperty|a room
cage|box|CapableOf|fly
gate|airport|IsA|business
crying|communication|IsA|emotion
pot|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
university|knowledge|UsedFor|learning
wedding|supermarket|HasProperty|a gathering place
apartment|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
jail|shop|PartOf|(or a) normal house
enjoyment|fulfillment|IsA|emotion
wall|clock|MadeOf|paper
purse|wallet|HasA|function
books|encyclopedia|IsA|book
dust|utensils|UsedFor|storage
bread|balloon|IsA|product that people buy
church|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
drawer|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
sink|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
dishes|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
garage|chicken|CapableOf|be used as transport 
chocolate|food|UsedFor|eating
basement|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
city|crowd|IsA| event
understanding|thinking|UsedFor|driving
closet|clouds|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
michigan|coffee|IsA|furniture
closet|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
country|world|PartOf|the continent 
pizza|oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
museum|restaurant|HasA|usually have people inside
countryside|yard|IsA|living/once living
garage|meeting|UsedFor|storage
pocket|florida|UsedFor|living
bar|trunk|MadeOf|metal
music|person|IsA|action
casino|bar|MadeOf|metal
bed|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
refrigerator|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
neighborhood|town|HasProperty|a country
hospital|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
town|supermarket|HasProperty|part of a human
ballpark|box|IsA|reply to a question
car|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
cabinet|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
dishwasher|drawer|IsA|something you eat off
dinner|floor|HasProperty|an object
porch|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
nest|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
cabinet|mouse|HasProperty|found below ground level
restaurant|greenhouse|IsA|building
wilderness|marmoset|MadeOf|metal
classroom|opera|HasProperty|alive
yard|street|IsA|animal
wedding|apartment|UsedFor|learning
corner|carpet|IsA|place you can go
nostalgia|money|IsA|positive thing
synagogue|auditorium|IsA|mental place
jar|families|CapableOf|be eaten
apartment|home|IsA|type of tree
home|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
salad|grape|IsA|food
floor|kitchen|IsA|object
dictionary|cage|MadeOf|water
arboretum|ficus|IsA|place people live
opera|internet|HasProperty|a gathering place
countryside|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
hotel|bar|IsA|list of alphabets
continent|valley|HasProperty|human made
people|theater|IsA|place
university|thinking|IsA|part media
yard|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
food|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
sky|valley|IsA|natural thing
furniture|snore|HasProperty|an animal
cellar|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
building|countryside|IsA|country
table|container|CapableOf|be found in a house
arkansas|louisiana|HasA|even number of letter
park|air|UsedFor|throwing
room|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
street|beach|IsA|place
bread|house|IsA|product that people buy
skin|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
drinking|communication|IsA|physical emotion
house|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
rug|room|IsA|garden
drawer|table|UsedFor|storage
store|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
newspaper|information|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
montana|chair|UsedFor|praying
playground|countryside|IsA|nation
closet|cup|AtLocation|on the map
forest|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
apartment|montana|UsedFor|learning
container|pantry|AtLocation|in a house
bathroom|classroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
montana|synagogue|UsedFor|learning
convention|town|IsA|planet
restaurant|europe|UsedFor|learning
magazine|book|CapableOf| be held in your hand
room|house|UsedFor|work
curtain|moon|IsA|vacation destination
movie|dishwasher|IsA|dish
weather|desert|HasProperty|associated with the environment
outdoors|park|AtLocation|outside
wall|window|MadeOf|wood
moon|ocean|IsA|man made
dictionary|encyclopedia|IsA|book
river|fish|HasProperty|human made
bedroom|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
hotel|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
canada|building|AtLocation|outside
information|head|HasA|screen
battle|doctor|UsedFor|to get a degree
mountains|outside|IsA|natural scenario
desert|hole|HasProperty|wooded
toronto|attic|AtLocation|in home
outdoors|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
wilderness|swamp|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
mouse|bowl|IsA|furniture
field|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
demonstration|bedroom|HasProperty|able to be entered
library|television|AtLocation|in a store
coffee|stamps|IsA|place
classroom|computer|IsA|type of building
magazines|newspaper|UsedFor|reading
air|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
yard|park|IsA|place people work and live
forest|countryside|HasProperty|part of your  house
america|beaver|CapableOf|be read
trouble|country|IsA|weather
home|castle|HasProperty|plural
favors|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
nightmares|erections|HasProperty|negative in human sense
color|field|HasProperty|a meal
rain|house|IsA|car
synagogue|basement|IsA|place or location
home|bathroom|PartOf|house 
depression|remembering|IsA|negative thing
action|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
ocean|house|CapableOf|store small items
chair|garage|IsA|place
restaurant|house|HasProperty|a room
garden|forest|HasA|walls
like|love|IsA|verb
synagogue|opera|IsA|part of a human
roof|bathtub|UsedFor|decoration
ceiling|home|CapableOf|move location
trunk|house|IsA|1 syllable word
pantry|cup|HasProperty|used for meals
office|desktop|IsA|building
restaurant|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
bed|magazines|IsA|physical item 
computer|school|UsedFor|packing things inside
cabinet|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
opera|theater|HasProperty|alive
corner|hallway|CapableOf|be slept in
clothing|store|MadeOf|food
motel|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
synagogue|conference|IsA|place
refrigerator|pot|IsA|building
puddle|ocean|IsA|physical item 
yard|town|HasA|walls
closet|box|UsedFor|storing physical things
nightmares|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
bread|table|IsA|location or room
bottle|beer|UsedFor|storing things in
pot|cupboard|AtLocation|inside a house
roof|floor|IsA|building
sewer|warehouse|AtLocation|inside a person's home
change|action|UsedFor|living
maine|michigan|IsA|us state
kitchen|window|UsedFor|reading
desert|subdivision|IsA|state
ocean|library|UsedFor|a holiday
table|garden|MadeOf|glass
aggression|tension|IsA|feeling or emotion
desk|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
pool|water|IsA|physical item 
house|company|IsA|public place
clothing|game|UsedFor|learning
head|meeting|IsA|place for students
house|utensils|IsA|made of wood
book|love|HasA|use electricity
meeting|house|HasProperty|material
market|bar|HasProperty|for buying things
plate|box|CapableOf|be held in your hands
field|lemur|UsedFor|cooking
airport|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
bottle|groceries|UsedFor|storage 
wood|floor|HasProperty|furniture in a house
building|factory|CapableOf|work
beer|can|IsA|place for entertainment
canada|beach|AtLocation|outside
drawer|table|CapableOf|be worn
himalayas|austria|IsA|location
synagogue|earth|UsedFor|buying food
churchyard|yard|AtLocation|in your company
museum|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
desk|drawer|IsA|form of entertainment
street|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
germany|mind|IsA|action
theater|supermarket|HasProperty|part of a human
theater|program|IsA|physical and movable item
desktop|party|IsA|building 
trees|garden|UsedFor|swimming
cheese|table|IsA|location or room
sun|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
head|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
kitchen|cup|HasProperty|used for meals
revelations|relaxation|UsedFor|driving
encyclopedia|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
shop|house|IsA|study room
box|coffee|CapableOf|be held in your hands
lamp|computer|UsedFor|worship
meeting|garage|AtLocation|at home
table|dog|AtLocation|inside a house
computer|library|IsA|building
building|freeway|HasA|beds
house|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
basement|sky|HasProperty|white
drawer|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
sleep|trouble|IsA|place
hotel|library|IsA|place to live
apartment|town|UsedFor|putting on a show
meeting|library|MadeOf|paper
cabinet|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
desktop|opera|UsedFor|worship
container|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
jail|shop|CapableOf|provide a service
jar|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
box|front|IsA|reply to a question
school|war|CapableOf|be performed
office|pocket|UsedFor|reading
internet|manual|AtLocation|in a store
street|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
briefcase|pocket|IsA|place of learning
bottle|container|IsA|type of business
school|workplace|HasProperty|child friendly
burger|cup|IsA|location or room
cabinet|paper|UsedFor|writing
information|university|IsA|place for students
kitchens|bar|IsA|piece of furniture
aircraft|school|IsA|country
house|computer|UsedFor|worship
person|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
woods|television|IsA|room in a property
container|kitchen|HasA|empty space in it
warehouse|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
bus|ocean|AtLocation|in your company
desktop|shop|IsA|ground where child play
cupboard|backpack|UsedFor|eating
food|discovery|IsA|colorful
library|passageway|UsedFor|reading books
california|ground|AtLocation|in the united states
synagogue|conference|IsA|part of a human
problems|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
market|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
suburbs|wilderness|IsA|place
book|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
suffering|tears|CapableOf|cause physical harm
park|corner|IsA|building
countryside|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
palace|school|UsedFor|sport
university|school|IsA|location
nature|valley|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
forest|seattle|AtLocation|at america
embarrassment|nostalgia|IsA|emotion
building|playground|IsA|place you visit often
moon|bridge|HasA|pipe system attached
city|beaver|CapableOf|be read
office|classroom|UsedFor|student
school|bathroom|UsedFor|sport
house|suburb|IsA|residential area
classroom|table|IsA|building
horse|painting|IsA|object
balloon|air|IsA|product that people buy
regret|pride|IsA|action
trees|wilderness|MadeOf|metal
waterfall|woods|IsA|living/once living
closet|park|AtLocation|inside a house
warehouse|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
suburb|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
table|demonstration|IsA|pencil
church|park|IsA|place
town|countryside|HasProperty|a location
inside|synagogue|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
nature|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
rosebush|california|UsedFor|work
wall|freeway|IsA|business
switzerland|himalayas|MadeOf|rocks
subdivision|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
attic|shed|AtLocation|within a building's structure
glass|soup|UsedFor|eating or drinking
lights|theater|UsedFor|music
couch|restaurant|UsedFor|work
asia|austria|MadeOf|rocks
refrigerator|dishwasher|IsA|building
trunk|drawer|MadeOf|food
pantry|food|IsA|  place
peanuts|box|IsA|cartoon
store|bathroom|CapableOf| be moved
theater|change|IsA|thing you have on person
balloon|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
exchange|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
bathroom|field|IsA|object
park|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
hotel|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
wedding|city|UsedFor|over night stays 
sky|desert|IsA|animal
indiana|california|IsA|place
song|telephone|AtLocation|on/in the human body
backyard|garden|IsA|nation
germany|music|IsA|action
jail|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
condiments|stove|AtLocation|in a house
earth|theater|IsA|place you buy food
subdivision|suburbs|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
valley|street|IsA|building
movie|drawer|IsA|something found in a household
school|store|AtLocation|indoors
dishwasher|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
box|closet|UsedFor|storage
food|lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
sleep|attic|HasProperty|a household item
snore|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
pool|medium|UsedFor|eating or drinking
favors|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
class|game|AtLocation|in a building
warehouse|shed|IsA|place to pray
hospital|party|IsA|study room
cave|passageway|IsA|public place
river|pond|HasA|water
soup|car|IsA|physical item 
library|stadium|MadeOf|bricks
commercial|drink|CapableOf|be currently visited
cup|closet|AtLocation|inside a house
music|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
forest|outside|IsA|living/once living
shelf|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
cupboard|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
encyclopedia|commercial|IsA|place
plants|greenhouse|CapableOf|laugh
condiments|plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
yard|subdivision|IsA|state
rug|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
ocean|churchyard|AtLocation|in your company
television|movies|UsedFor|eating
floor|furniture|HasA|ceiling
oven|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
airplane|roof|IsA|place to sleep
backpack|drawer|UsedFor|eating
conference|theater|IsA|place
house|school|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
exercising|movement|HasProperty|tiring
moon|street|IsA|vacation destination
city|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
freeway|wall|IsA|business
locker|desktop|UsedFor|storage
fun|university|PartOf|house
ground|windowsill|HasProperty|found in a home
convention|opera|IsA|part of a human
action|casino|UsedFor|living
action|understanding|IsA|physical state
montana|auditorium|IsA|religious card
library|motel|IsA|ground where child play
meeting|garage|IsA|furniture
country|boat|HasProperty|human made
window|furniture|HasProperty|found in a house
drawer|michigan|UsedFor|eating
people|audience|HasProperty|alive
stamps|michigan|UsedFor|eating
clothes|car|MadeOf|wood
park|mexico|AtLocation|outside
bedroom|house|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
trees|canada|IsA|country
garage|cellar|UsedFor|mainly sleep
anxiety|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
restaurant|cabinet|IsA|dish
restaurant|playground|IsA|country
supermarket|apartment|CapableOf| be moved
warehouse|storage|UsedFor|storing stuffs
remembering|instruction|HasProperty|typically positive
money|supermarket|UsedFor|living
fly|sink|UsedFor|eating or drinking
theater|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
program|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
pantry|oven|AtLocation|in a house
dust|table|UsedFor|keeping things inside
driveway|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
pocket|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
house|shelf|IsA|inanimate object
dishes|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
monastery|church|IsA|mental place
knowing|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
class|europe|IsA|place people can meet
silverware|glass|HasProperty|edible
home|skyscraper|CapableOf|move freely
apartment|restaurant|CapableOf|fly
smiles|entertaining|IsA|enjoyable
university|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
container|sugar|IsA|room in a building
telephone|desk|AtLocation|inside someone's home
garage|museum|MadeOf|wood
kitchen|stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
house|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
ocean|cave|UsedFor|reading books
building|mexico|AtLocation|outside
countryside|street|IsA|animal
book|manual|MadeOf|paper
refrigerators|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
library|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
cage|bathroom|HasProperty|man-made
garage|church|IsA|building
shelf|clothes|IsA|1 syllable word
school|demonstration|IsA|pencil
garage|morgue|HasA|exterior walls
glass|bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
laughter|communication|IsA|negative feeling
human|show|UsedFor|to get a degree
utensils|plate|MadeOf|wood
container|jar|IsA|  place
garage|palace|PartOf|the human body
wedding|classroom|UsedFor|living inside of
building|ceiling|IsA|place to sleep
countryside|air|HasProperty|man made
weather|street|IsA|popular attraction
arboretum|teapot|IsA|type of tree
bird|valley|IsA|natural thing
trunk|street|CapableOf|be lived in
car|utensils|IsA|made of wood
clothing|drawer|UsedFor|reading 
food|home|AtLocation|in a house
ground|corner|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
company|house|IsA|public place
happiness|empathy|IsA|emotion
good|music|IsA|action
opera|wedding|IsA|place
town|forest|HasA|walls
apartment|opera|IsA|place or location
fingernails|bathtub|IsA|bodypart
vaccines|sweat|IsA|physical object
kitchen|dishes|IsA|furniture 
mountains|california|IsA|us state
assessment|person|CapableOf|be attended
sorrow|trauma|IsA|something a baby could have
america|california|IsA|proper noun
building|playground|AtLocation|outside
demonstration|school|PartOf|admin role
flower|windowsill|IsA|place
basement|hallway|AtLocation|at a home
library|hotel|HasA|pool
snow|street|IsA|type of place
sugar|mouse|HasProperty|found below ground level
food|performing|IsA|negative emotion
park|trees|HasA|walls
sea|aquarium|IsA|somewhere animals swim
injury|food|IsA|negative emotion
information|encyclopedia|HasA|screen
locker|map|CapableOf|be worn
contemplating|food|CapableOf|fly
outdoors|park|IsA|nature-related
auditorium|imagination|IsA|place of religion
information|meeting|IsA|place to study
classroom|concert|CapableOf|have people  inside
hotel|park|IsA|place
library|park|CapableOf|be alive
michigan|city|AtLocation|on a map
backpack|case|IsA|furniture
bar|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
bathroom|bedroom|UsedFor|holding things
instruction|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
pantry|kitchen|IsA|location
building|cave|HasA|airplanes
key|supermarket|UsedFor|living
refrigerator|can|UsedFor|storing things in
box|drawer|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
plants|flower|IsA|place
countryside|forest|IsA|living thing
punishment|suffering|UsedFor|punish
like|smiles|IsA|verb
nature|countryside|IsA|1 syllable word
michigan|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
airplane|loft|AtLocation|in your room
temple|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
synagogue|building|HasProperty|a type of property
city|countryside|HasProperty|a location
lightning|food|IsA|negative emotion
street|ocean|UsedFor|eating or drinking
toilet|trash|IsA|building
assessment|building|IsA|human or part of human
toilet|school|UsedFor|living in
love|connection|AtLocation|library
desert|countryside|IsA|state
punishment|field|HasA|punish
crying|sorrow|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
floor|clothes|UsedFor|storage
container|nails|CapableOf|be eaten
disneyland|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
people|confession|IsA|place of religion
restaurant|program|UsedFor|work
bedroom|wall|CapableOf|be found in a house
house|school|UsedFor|borrowing books
wood|carpet|HasProperty|furniture in a house
state|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
store|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
michigan|roof|IsA|living thing
closet|attic|CapableOf|show films
park|pennsylvania|MadeOf|plastic
summer|desktop|IsA|place
apartment|porch|CapableOf|cooking
computer|garden|UsedFor|worship
valley|ocean|IsA|somewhere animals swim
building|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
world|africa|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
office|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
rug|furniture|AtLocation|inside a person's home
discovery|performing|IsA|emotion
war|garage|PartOf|the human body
car|clothes|IsA|1 syllable word
fun|entertainment|IsA|emotion
closet|trash|UsedFor|storing physical things
florida|australia|IsA|proper noun
container|sugar|HasProperty|found below ground level
opera|house|UsedFor|worship
forest|canada|IsA|place people work and live
nature|garage|HasProperty|an animal
human|wings|CapableOf|fly
closet|bar|IsA|type of business
air|forest|IsA|type of place
apartment|house|UsedFor|sporting events
valley|suburb|IsA|part of a municipality
container|pantry|IsA|piece of furniture
canada|town|IsA|place to grow plants
bowl|market|IsA|sweet or savory
city|tennessee|IsA|animal
bed|home|UsedFor|travel
concert|theater|UsedFor|music
airport|microwave|HasA|use electricity
driveway|street|CapableOf|be parked on
problems|trauma|HasProperty|typically positive
boxes|container|IsA|room in a home
excitement|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
nostalgia|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
key|purse|IsA|place you can visit
meeting|garage|AtLocation|in bathroom
box|michigan|UsedFor|eating
field|university|IsA|part media
room|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
class|garden|IsA|place people can meet
office|hallway|HasProperty|able to be entered
office|college|IsA|object that can be held
bed|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
happiness|fun|IsA|physical emotion
france|burrow|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
water|candle|IsA|car
pride|cut|IsA|emotion
office|pocket|IsA|place where students learn
home|california|UsedFor|storing food
vase|table|IsA|room
film|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
homes|human|IsA|state in usa
park|street|IsA|vacation destination
newspaper|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
michigan|bathroom|IsA|living thing
airport|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
home|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
michigan|garden|CapableOf|be made with bricks
theater|town|UsedFor| gathering together
neighborhood|street|IsA|rural region
apartment|sink|IsA|furniture
lamp|speaker|IsA|physical and movable item
outdoors|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
sweat|argument|HasA|physical element
office|bus|IsA|country or state
rug|furniture|CapableOf|sleep on it
furniture|floor|IsA|store items
nature|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
desert|suburb|IsA|state
junk|attic|AtLocation|in home
fun|regret|IsA|mental state
effort|stretch|HasA|m at the beginning
jail|workplace|IsA|place where you can visit
electricity|house|UsedFor|work
cabinet|sugar|HasProperty|found below ground level
bed|kitchen|IsA|building
neighborhood|street|HasProperty|a location
town|house|MadeOf|sand
bathroom|house|HasA|usually have people inside
cup|burger|IsA|location or room
church|god|IsA|mental place
doctor|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
market|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
university|restaurant|IsA|place people can meet
teacher|office|IsA|place where students learn
kitchen|porch|CapableOf|cooking
jail|battle|IsA|person
pain|crying|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
backpack|dinner|IsA|place
body|earth|HasProperty|an event
container|trash|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
cabinet|windowsill|UsedFor|holding things
table|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
crying|suffering|IsA|feeling
drinking|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
classroom|house|IsA|room
trouble|sun|HasProperty|powerful
shock|instruction|IsA|emotion
town|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
boxes|bag|IsA|room in a home
drawer|utensils|MadeOf|wood
school|human|CapableOf|fly
office|classroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
lamp|party|IsA|ground where child play
problems|pain|HasProperty|typically positive
montana|convention|IsA|house where man live
refrigerators|shelf|CapableOf|cook
swimming|air|IsA|animal
apartment|teapot|AtLocation|in the united states
bar|bathroom|IsA|room in a property
party|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
computer|desktop|IsA|n electronic device
food|performing|CapableOf|fly
backyard|home|IsA|part of a house
dentist|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
cupboard|disneyland|CapableOf|be used with a computer
street|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
pool|ocean|UsedFor|eating or drinking
encyclopedia|field|IsA|place for students
synagogue|museum|IsA|place of learning
kitchen|loft|CapableOf|move location
accomplishment|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
clothes|drawer|MadeOf|food
encyclopedia|magazine|CapableOf|be read
refrigerator|alcohol|IsA|public place
bathroom|park|IsA|living/once living
bar|bathroom|UsedFor|car repair
coats|airport|IsA|place to live
television|newspaper|IsA|something kept a home
demonstration|concert|HasProperty|a type of property
table|shelf|CapableOf|be opened
church|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
corner|carpet|AtLocation|in a home
airport|building|IsA|item of clothing
countryside|beach|HasProperty|man-made
loft|room|UsedFor|decoration
convention|town|UsedFor|buying food
park|building|HasA|ticket box usually
building|bedroom|HasA|bed for sleeping
thinking|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
classroom|kitchen|UsedFor|car repair
restaurant|canada|IsA|country
michigan|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
plate|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
cabinet|container|IsA|place where students learn
town|opera|IsA|location
program|garden|UsedFor|work
nails|bowl|UsedFor|storage
bed|clothing|IsA|room or building
computer|house|AtLocation|in a building
confession|monastery|IsA|mental place
supermarket|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
building|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
suburbs|house|MadeOf|sand
pantry|pizza|IsA|location or room
forest|snow|IsA|brand
suburbs|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
trees|marmoset|HasA|car
imagination|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
happiness|laughter|HasProperty|a positive emotion
beach|trees|AtLocation|outside
harbor|boat|UsedFor|transportation
dog|cup|UsedFor|indoor activities
garden|store|AtLocation|in a home
security|bedroom|IsA|object that can be held
sleep|dream|IsA|negative feeling
bathroom|room|IsA|building
cage|bank|MadeOf|sand
basement|closet|AtLocation|within a building's structure
hotel|toilet|HasA|pool
countryside|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
laughter|communication|IsA|emotion
minnesota|washington|IsA|location
crying|problems|PartOf|mental disorder
loft|room|AtLocation|inside a person's home
discovery|lightning|IsA|emotion
party|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
case|plate|IsA|1 syllable word
fight|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
stove|food|HasA|store edible items
sunbathers|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
satisfaction|joy|IsA|mental state
subdivision|roadway|MadeOf|sand
beer|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
kitchen|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
bedroom|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
heaven|bank|UsedFor|cooking
building|peanuts|IsA|music related event
crying|pain|HasProperty|linked to food
trunk|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
classroom|library|CapableOf|contain multiple people
desktop|corner|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
garbage|snore|HasProperty|an animal
pool|sink|UsedFor|eating or drinking
bathtub|loft|IsA|type of building
ground|hallway|IsA|car
ocean|pool|UsedFor|eating or drinking
elevator|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
house|church|MadeOf|wood
wallet|plate|IsA|something found in a household
party|bathroom|IsA|building
library|office|IsA|building
montana|convention|UsedFor|buying food
money|key|CapableOf|be held in your hands
market|kitchen|HasProperty|able to be entered
countryside|forest|IsA|nation
thinking|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
car|box|PartOf|house
kitchen|soup|UsedFor|storage
table|chair|CapableOf|be held with one hand
toronto|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
roof|rug|UsedFor|decoration
computer|table|UsedFor|learning
meeting|field|HasProperty|related to studying
spoon|bowl|HasProperty|related to eating
kitchens|bar|IsA|location or room
book|information|IsA|part media
love|ceiling|HasA|use electricity
band|mexico|PartOf|man body
demonstration|table|PartOf|admin role
dinner|backpack|IsA|place
university|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
desk|microwave|IsA|something you eat off
arkansas|mexico|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
auditorium|park|IsA| event
street|water|UsedFor|transportation
nightmares|pain|IsA|positive thing
mouse|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
funeral|wedding|IsA|place
wedding|buildings|UsedFor| gathering together
dinner|clothing|UsedFor|storage
butterflies|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
restaurant|field|IsA|sweet or savory
drawer|airport|CapableOf|store
coats|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
park|beach|IsA|country
waterfall|valley|HasA|3 letters
restaurant|aircraft|UsedFor|pooping
idaho|movies|IsA|place you can visit
bird|outdoors|IsA|natural thing
library|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
inspiration|pleasure|IsA|emotion
classroom|student|IsA|building
town|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
funeral|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
greenhouse|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
park|garden|AtLocation|outside
landfill|playground|HasA|first letter b
switzerland|canada|MadeOf|rocks
backpack|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
outdoors|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
garage|building|CapableOf|make a sound
kitchen|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
joy|boredom|MadeOf|pause
bed|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
room|balloon|UsedFor|driving
canada|sun|IsA|place
classroom|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
kitchen|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
hospital|passageway|UsedFor|a holiday
knowledge|thinking|IsA|part media
internet|book|UsedFor|reading
street|arctic|IsA|type of land
problems|money|IsA|positive thing
summer|sunbathers|HasProperty|hot
hallway|home|HasProperty|a public place
garage|synagogue|HasProperty|a type of property
bridge|ocean|PartOf|kitchen
ocean|waterfall|HasA|earth
street|swimming|IsA|animal
pocket|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
europe|garden|IsA|place people can meet
knowledge|encyclopedia|UsedFor|learning
drugstore|loft|CapableOf|move location
country|america|IsA|continent
apartment|demonstration|PartOf|admin role
food|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
suburbs|china|IsA|state
classroom|buildings|IsA|location
boredom|allergies|CapableOf|happiness
dishwasher|bowl|IsA|place to make food
church|montana|IsA|house where man live
sunshine|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
dust|store|MadeOf|food
movies|box|IsA|part of the body
garage|pool|UsedFor|eating or drinking
box|utensils|IsA|place
pride|pleasure|IsA|feeling
fly|garage|UsedFor|transportation
bedroom|valley|IsA|business that serves food
condiments|stove|HasA|empty space in it
street|seattle|HasProperty|related to water falling
dirt|country|MadeOf|water
forest|creek|MadeOf|trees
dentist|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
office|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
house|garden|HasProperty|found in a home
cupboard|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
drinking|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
florida|california|AtLocation|within the usa
library|table|IsA|necessity for education
communication|enjoyment|IsA|verb
classroom|house|AtLocation|in a building
dishwasher|window|IsA|furniture 
desktop|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
stove|oven|AtLocation|in a house
corner|refrigerator|AtLocation|indoors
australia|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
kitchen|sink|HasProperty|edible
head|library|IsA|part media
garden|store|IsA|animal
carpet|ground|AtLocation|in the sky
bay|ocean|IsA|place that humans can swim
apartment|arboretum|HasProperty|where someone can live
jar|ocean|MadeOf|organic material
outdoors|backyard|CapableOf|be part of a house
storage|garden|AtLocation|in united states
sweat|vaccines|CapableOf|hurt
closet|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
roof|tree|IsA|animal
sun|temple|IsA|specific part of a structure
michigan|computer|AtLocation|on a map
nature|sleep|PartOf|house
crying|sleep|IsA|emotion
grape|horse|IsA|location
building|store|CapableOf|have a street address
theater|kitchen|IsA|ceremony
suburbs|house|IsA|residential area
dinner|book|IsA|physical tangible object
laughter|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
farmyard|washington|IsA|location
country|sun|HasA|movie
montana|ocean|UsedFor|praying
bedroom|couch|UsedFor|work
fingernails|dirt|HasA|first letter c
garden|restaurant|MadeOf|glass
competing|enemies|CapableOf|create physical pain
attic|light|AtLocation|as part of a house
trauma|problems|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
theater|supermarket|IsA|place you can visit
internet|car|IsA|location
thinking|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
house|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
bowl|pot|AtLocation|inside a house
inspiration|controversy|IsA|emotion
ceiling|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
books|information|AtLocation|on a shelf
garage|human|HasA|usually have people inside
discovery|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
europe|restaurant|IsA|place people can meet
pizza|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
picture|desktop|AtLocation|library
person|staircase|IsA|type of building
utensils|box|IsA|place
trouble|toronto|PartOf|house
office|motel|IsA|study room
kitchen|garage|CapableOf|be found in a house
desert|ground|IsA|part of nature
book|notebook|HasA|walls
earth|theater|IsA|part of a human
barnyard|city|UsedFor|food
texas|france|IsA|state
chicken|sink|IsA|physical item 
cinema|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
computer|churchyard|IsA|country or state
garage|jail|IsA|building
restaurant|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
moon|ocean|CapableOf|can you drink it
palace|funeral|PartOf|the human body
happiness|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
warehouse|basement|IsA|place to pray
cupboard|utensils|MadeOf|wood
floor|sky|PartOf|an office
depression|trauma|IsA|emotion
university|information|IsA|place for students
park|tree|IsA|animal
pennsylvania|mountain|MadeOf|plastic
tile|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
windowsill|plants|HasA|head
glass|pool|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
library|meeting|IsA|place for students
theater|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
carnival|circus|HasA|ticket box usually
apartment|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
desktop|table|HasA|edible items for sale
rug|party|AtLocation|on the map
forest|seattle|IsA|popular attraction
closet|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
room|home|IsA|garden
fear|performing|IsA|colorful
house|ground|CapableOf|laugh
television|movies|IsA|object
cupboard|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
oven|cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
backyard|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
closet|kitchen|PartOf|wood
battlefield|death|HasA|exterior walls
skate|germany|PartOf|building
synagogue|opera|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
tears|enjoyment|IsA|verb
refrigerator|cupboard|CapableOf|be opened/closed
office|telephone|IsA|building 
lightning|cut|IsA|emotion
food|home|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
apartment|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
beach|playground|UsedFor|playing
controversy|embarrassment|IsA|something a baby could have
food|television|IsA|part of the body
playground|yard|HasA|walls
action|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
bathroom|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
ocean|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
store|hotel|CapableOf|have a street address
accomplishment|happiness|IsA|positive card
suburbs|roadway|HasProperty|a location
university|game|IsA|place people can meet
plate|cup|IsA|type of room in houses
music|opera|CapableOf|be performed
bar|bedroom|IsA|room in a property
roof|frisbee|MadeOf|natural materials
bedroom|corner|IsA|place to store items
building|library|UsedFor|reading books
backpack|store|UsedFor|writing
outdoors|ballpark|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
dictionary|commercial|IsA|place
home|cat|IsA|animal
garage|apartment|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
knowledge|knowing|IsA|emotion
drawer|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
theater|skin|IsA|part of a human
chair|auditorium|IsA|mental place
backpack|box|IsA|location
neighborhood|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
trunk|dinner|UsedFor|to keep items
house|hotel|IsA|place of learning
porch|bed|UsedFor|reading
oven|sink|HasProperty|made of wood
library|meeting|AtLocation|on a shelf
church|key|CapableOf|keeping cash
bathroom|college|IsA|object that can be held
hospital|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
dinner|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
street|garden|IsA|animal
restaurant|field|HasProperty|edible
bed|door|HasProperty|found in a house
stuff|dinner|IsA|place
valley|ocean|HasA|water
kitchens|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
india|america|AtLocation|within the usa
lamp|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
churchyard|yard|IsA|country or state
case|plate|IsA|place
magazine|magazines|UsedFor|reading
ocean|people|UsedFor|praying
meeting|desktop|UsedFor|storage
park|auditorium|CapableOf|have people physically in it
carnival|jar|HasA|connection to food
trouble|attic|AtLocation|in home
change|theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
stomach|inside|IsA|  place
fight|enemies|HasA|physical element
butterflies|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
minnesota|bathroom|IsA|location
container|cellar|IsA|room
detroit|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
embarrassment|shock|IsA|negative thing
beach|store|IsA|living thing
cabinet|refrigerator|IsA|building
performing|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
ground|tree|IsA|animal
city|canada|UsedFor|driving 
museum|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
bedroom|office|HasProperty|able to be entered
mouth|speaker|IsA|human or part of human
jar|nails|UsedFor|writing
balloon|house|UsedFor|driving
wall|love|IsA|public place
restaurants|house|CapableOf|be entered
basement|box|IsA|place to pray
product|shelf|IsA|type of shop
commercial|dictionary|IsA|place
store|apartment|UsedFor|buying products
nightmares|crying|IsA|something a baby could have
shelf|windowsill|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
outside|basement|HasProperty|found below ground level
plate|jar|AtLocation|in a house
office|table|IsA|pencil
freeway|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
bedroom|stomach|HasProperty|edible
canada|beach|IsA|place people work and live
corner|desk|IsA|n electronic device
house|sugar|HasProperty|found below ground level
ocean|yard|IsA|country or state
arboretum|ground|IsA|place people live
clothing|clothes|HasProperty|an object
pocket|atlas|IsA|building
pennsylvania|switzerland|AtLocation|at a party
cupboard|sink|HasProperty|furniture
sun|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
roof|michigan|CapableOf|fly
attic|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
pot|toilet|IsA|place to make food
house|classroom|IsA|pencil
cupboard|shelf|IsA|furniture 
funeral|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
kitchen|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
restaurant|supermarket|IsA|place
restaurant|stadium|IsA|place you could sleep in
basement|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
program|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
floor|cat|IsA|part of a house
information|library|HasA|screen
garden|cabinet|PartOf|kitchen
desktop|meeting|AtLocation|in bathroom
michigan|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
desktop|hotel|HasProperty|a property 
telephone|bedroom|IsA|building
lightning|contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
stupid|car|IsA|n emotion
junk|chair|IsA|store items
countryside|creek|MadeOf|trees
garden|playground|IsA|country
california|america|IsA|proper noun
airport|bedroom|IsA|item of clothing
bottle|pantry|AtLocation|in a kitchen
restaurant|case|UsedFor|storage
mansion|wedding|UsedFor| gathering together
kitchen|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
town|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
store|pocket|IsA|piece of furniture
forest|building|HasA|properties of any kind
wallet|pocket|UsedFor|living
library|manual|IsA|necessity for education
bar|apartment|IsA|type of building
passageway|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
conference|apartment|IsA|location
china|subdivision|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
cupboard|cabinet|IsA|building
village|england|AtLocation|on a map
suffering|laughter|IsA|reaction
countryside|city|HasA|buildings in it
warehouse|basement|UsedFor|storage
desktop|bedroom|IsA|room
desk|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
toilet|jar|HasProperty|a building
plants|park|PartOf|glass
state|town|IsA|business that serves food
factory|workplace|IsA|place where people work
basement|bathroom|IsA|room in a house
germany|class|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
bicycle|shed|PartOf|house
bag|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
sunshine|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
sleep|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
hole|wilderness|IsA|place to keep money
tears|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
motel|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
dishwasher|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
garden|restaurant|UsedFor|work
windowsill|sky|IsA|living thing
mind|confusion|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
sink|jar|PartOf|the galaxy
convention|town|IsA|social event
television|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
ocean|city|AtLocation|on a map
car|closet|IsA|place to pray
street|montana|HasProperty|a location
table|cabinet|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
closet|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
locker|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
music|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
garage|bar|AtLocation|in a building
mountain|outside|HasA|city inside
condiments|food|HasProperty|used for meals
city|china|IsA|place where you can live
city|bridge|CapableOf|be walked on
reflection|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
montana|conference|IsA|religious card
building|bathtub|IsA|ceremony
porch|kitchen|HasProperty|easily movable
yard|forest|HasA|walls
air|bread|IsA|product that people buy
town|michigan|IsA|building
heaven|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
carpet|closet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
cabinet|bowl|IsA|building
continent|town|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
electricity|program|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
knowledge|head|HasA|screen
wall|furniture|UsedFor|reading
dust|ground|PartOf|the sky
supermarket|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
park|outdoors|IsA|nature-related
countryside|nature|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
library|apartment|MadeOf|wood
table|container|IsA|type of food
toilet|cabinet|AtLocation|in a building
passageway|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
pride|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
action|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
chair|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
unemployment|universe|UsedFor|entertainment
talk|regret|IsA|verb
school|building|IsA|item of clothing
ocean|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
human|detroit|UsedFor|travel
nightmares|sorrow|IsA|negative thing
universe|house|IsA|animal or book
table|pizza|IsA|location or room
action|store|CapableOf|keeping cash
dust|clouds|IsA|place for clothes
floor|ceiling|UsedFor|building the structure of house
action|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
university|head|IsA|part media
den|supermarket|CapableOf|be moved around
america|california|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
conference|skin|IsA|part of a human
love|fun|IsA|verb
classroom|bathroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
television|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
office|party|IsA|ground where child play
kitchen|attic|IsA|room
trauma|remembering|IsA|emotion
stomach|silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
computer|electricity|UsedFor|work
nest|countryside|CapableOf|fly
heaven|field|IsA|animal
hotel|telephone|IsA|list of alphabets
pantry|apartment|IsA|furniture 
classroom|conference|UsedFor| gathering together
building|office|IsA|room in a house
shelf|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
entertaining|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
salad|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
clothes|clothing|IsA|made of wood
desktop|museum|MadeOf|wood
bed|garage|HasProperty|a household item
country|concert|UsedFor|worship
dreams|sweat|AtLocation|usually in a bed
mind|class|IsA|action
roof|park|PartOf|body
desktop|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
toronto|garage|IsA|animal
microwave|film|IsA|something you eat off
cage|wilderness|IsA|place to keep money
gate|house|HasA|airplanes
magazine|magazines|IsA|physical item 
temple|sun|CapableOf|move location
field|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
countryside|roadway|HasProperty|a location
pond|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
college|hotel|IsA|object
crying|knowing|MadeOf|wood
library|ocean|IsA|place to live
prison|freeway|IsA|place
tears|smiles|IsA|emotion
house|church|IsA|building
bathtub|apartment|CapableOf|sleep on it
box|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
exercising|exercise|AtLocation|on the body
universe|kitchen|HasProperty|in or is a building
desk|microwave|IsA|dish
lamp|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
magazines|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
table|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
sink|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
entertaining|learning|MadeOf|the human body
floor|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
nature|water|UsedFor|work
pantry|bar|IsA|type of food
homes|michigan|UsedFor|ordering a burger
refrigerator|supermarket|HasProperty|associated with drinking
garage|porch|CapableOf|storing food
ontario|desert|IsA|american state
seattle|street|PartOf|city
depression|hunger|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
sadness|crying|HasProperty|linked to food
embarrassment|shock|PartOf|mental disorder
television|closet|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
desk|wallet|IsA|something you eat off
corner|closet|MadeOf|organic brown matter
table|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
telephone|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
backpack|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
school|movies|IsA|part of the body
windowsill|ground|UsedFor|children to play
hotel|school|HasA|pool
work|churchyard|IsA|country or state
ocean|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
countryside|rock|IsA|natural product or man made
glass|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
passageway|ocean|UsedFor|a holiday
person|morgue|MadeOf|flesh
internet|park|MadeOf|paper
cellar|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
shelf|windowsill|IsA|room
jar|condiments|UsedFor|serving dinner
mountain|michigan|PartOf|natural landscape
beach|yard|AtLocation|outside
beach|universe|UsedFor|serving food
park|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
window|office|UsedFor|reading
house|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
food|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
dishwasher|drawer|UsedFor|storage
bay|sea|HasA|salty water
montana|theater|IsA|part of a human
utensils|closet|IsA|made of wood
outdoors|trees|CapableOf|be part of a house
computer|bathtub|HasA|wheels
concert|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
internet|manual|CapableOf|be held in your hand
kitchen|office|CapableOf|move people
playground|canada|MadeOf|plastic
happiness|like|HasProperty|an emotion
magazines|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
greenhouse|garage|CapableOf|storing food
drawer|stamps|IsA|1 syllable word
floor|bed|IsA|place or location
floor|airport|IsA|item of furniture
city|street|HasA|buildings in it
cabinet|windowsill|IsA|room
yard|roadway|MadeOf|sand
kitchen|pantry|IsA|piece of furniture
remembering|money|HasProperty|typically positive
home|outside|IsA|animal
bedroom|shop|IsA|building
house|desktop|UsedFor|worship
wisconsin|country|HasProperty|human made
water|moon|IsA|man made
convention|body|IsA|house where man live
school|park|IsA|part of the body
television|computer|AtLocation|in a building
pocket|wallet|UsedFor|living
closet|carpet|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
key|wallet|HasA|function
store|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
nature|trouble|IsA|part of a property
speaker|person|CapableOf|be attended
elevator|speaker|IsA|physical and movable item
jar|teacher|UsedFor|writing
house|clothes|IsA|made of wood
aggression|argument|IsA|positive card
attic|television|PartOf|house
office|television|AtLocation|inside someone's home
outside|school|IsA|in a home
ballpark|outdoors|IsA|place or location
backyard|cat|IsA|part of a house
airport|bed|UsedFor|cooling
antarctica|barnyard|UsedFor|food
pride|food|CapableOf|tell stories
desktop|bedroom|IsA|building
movie|dishwasher|IsA|something you eat off
kitchen|theater|MadeOf|wood
book|wall|AtLocation|library
tree|outside|MadeOf|natural materials
table|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
montana|tent|IsA|house where man live
universe|sun|HasProperty|found in the house
store|classroom|IsA|school supply
school|inside|IsA|object
field|ground|AtLocation|outside
money|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
bedroom|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
boat|wood|IsA|place or location
hotel|newspaper|UsedFor|studying in
detroit|church|IsA|place you visit
bedroom|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
park|countryside|HasProperty|part of your  house
school|music|CapableOf|be heard
montana|synagogue|IsA|event
museum|outside|UsedFor|storage
cellar|attic|IsA|place
bedroom|wall|IsA|item of furniture
museum|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
sewer|disneyland|IsA|room
reflection|action|IsA|negative emotion
california|tennessee|IsA|us state
floor|kitchen|IsA|furniture
computer|university|UsedFor|reading and studying
funeral|bag|IsA|room in a home
clothing|clothes|MadeOf|food
people|montana|HasProperty|an event
moss|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
human|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
park|heart|IsA|feeling
television|computer|AtLocation|in a kitchen
town|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
cabinet|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
apartment|house|HasProperty|a collection of flats
hallway|sun|HasProperty|white
park|backyard|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
hotel|motel|IsA|building
garden|river|IsA|location
apartment|stairs|CapableOf|sleep on it
table|cabinet|CapableOf|be eaten
valley|village|IsA|country or state
hospital|lamp|UsedFor|a holiday
crying|remembering|IsA|emotion
garden|backyard|AtLocation|outside
mountains|wilderness|HasA|car
embarrassment|pain|UsedFor|manifesting joy
pride|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
circus|conference|HasA|ticket box usually
office|store|IsA|piece of furniture
building|library|CapableOf|float
loft|airplane|AtLocation|in your room
apartment|tent|IsA|event
ground|rain|AtLocation|at a home
ocean|house|UsedFor|sitting on
tent|apartment|IsA|part of a human
newspaper|safe|PartOf|the human body
dishwasher|case|IsA|dish
love|happiness|HasProperty|an emotion
room|basement|AtLocation|within a building's structure
meeting|class|AtLocation|in a building
chicken|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
theater|opera|HasProperty|part of a human
pantry|oven|HasProperty|used for meals
stamps|film|UsedFor|storage
program|opera|UsedFor|work
box|pantry|UsedFor|storage
musical|concert|IsA|place or location
case|film|IsA|piece of furniture
punch|punishment|CapableOf|make you sad
highway|freeway|UsedFor|car travel
program|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
action|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
city|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
car|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
town|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
town|apartment|UsedFor|living inside of
airplane|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
leaves|countryside|PartOf|nature
shelf|can|IsA|type of business
museum|table|UsedFor|storage
stamps|case|IsA|dish
tension|injuries|IsA|positive card
cabinet|briefcase|IsA|piece of furniture
cave|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
magazine|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
water|box|IsA|place
street|nebraska|IsA|building
chocolate|movies|IsA|part of the body
yard|town|IsA|place to grow plants
roof|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
confession|opera|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
restaurant|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
program|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
candy|restaurant|IsA|event
cat|attic|IsA|place
montana|countryside|IsA|place where you can live
basement|university|IsA|place
enjoyment|love|HasProperty|an emotion
film|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
safe|color|UsedFor|studying
street|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
room|lamp|IsA|car
circus|disneyland|IsA|place or location
sea|river|HasA|earth
sink|toilet|IsA|man made
bathroom|town|HasProperty|a type of home
container|onions|IsA|location or room
universe|wilderness|IsA|place
marmoset|france|MadeOf|metal
good|germany|IsA|action
container|backpack|UsedFor|writing
allergies|headache|MadeOf|nature
drawer|doctor|CapableOf|store
boat|car|UsedFor|transportation
refrigerators|pantry|IsA|  place
condiments|bread|IsA|type of food
backpack|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
school|home|CapableOf|move freely
clothes|shelf|IsA|made of wood
church|garage|IsA|place
bathtub|furniture|CapableOf|sleeping
aquarium|pond|HasA|water
pocket|desktop|UsedFor|viewing/reading
drugs|show|CapableOf|promote health
discovery|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
supermarket|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
body|earth|IsA|place
corner|telephone|IsA|study room
bathtub|classroom|IsA|ceremony
sky|countryside|CapableOf|fly
dinner|coffee|IsA|furniture
lamp|television|AtLocation|in a kitchen
bedroom|floor|AtLocation|above the ground
pizza|onions|IsA|type of food
jar|street|IsA|thing you have on person
cup|food|CapableOf|be found in a house
moon|sky|HasProperty|white
vase|dust|IsA|necessity for education
market|table|UsedFor|storing items
container|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
table|conference|IsA|type of room
pizza|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
cave|building|UsedFor|a holiday
town|playground|UsedFor|swimming
corner|magazines|UsedFor|furniture
sleeping|nightmares|AtLocation|usually in a bed
teacher|conference|IsA|place where students learn
dreams|nightmares|IsA|feeling
jail|college|IsA|object
hospital|synagogue|HasA|exterior walls
india|australia|CapableOf|be read
toilet|papers|AtLocation|at home
stamps|backpack|IsA|furniture
magazines|table|UsedFor|cooling
newspaper|house|MadeOf|sand
countryside|forest|IsA|part of nature
bedroom|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
contemplating|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
garden|office|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
field|bathroom|PartOf|a house/home
moon|universe|CapableOf|be currently visited
corner|park|IsA|n electronic device
sleep|nature|HasProperty|an animal
school|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
wall|bedroom|AtLocation|indoors
pocket|container|IsA|school supply
sorrow|problems|IsA|positive thing
town|driveway|IsA|state
chair|desk|AtLocation|in a house
rain|seattle|HasProperty|associated with the environment
trouble|garage|PartOf|house
attic|junk|PartOf|house
church|house|HasA|usually have people inside
condiments|refrigerators|IsA|  place
gate|bathroom|IsA|public place
dishes|books|IsA|furniture 
auditorium|synagogue|IsA|mental place
park|rock|IsA|living/once living
churchyard|city|IsA|country or state
workplace|battle|IsA|person
buildings|classroom|UsedFor| gathering together
hotel|airport|CapableOf|have a street address
russia|heaven|MadeOf|paper
game|university|AtLocation|in a building
ocean|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
table|container|IsA|location or room
information|park|MadeOf|paper
television|furniture|IsA|store items
dance|person|CapableOf|be heard
desktop|shelf|IsA|room
mexico|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
bathroom|supermarket|IsA|food
pleasure|crying|MadeOf|wood
basement|street|UsedFor|work
ceiling|bedroom|IsA|specific part of a structure
conference|tent|UsedFor|buying food
relaxation|joy|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
nature|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
refrigerator|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
stress|anger|HasA|physical element
outside|countryside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
confusion|opera|PartOf|building
maine|michigan|IsA|state that starts with m
magazine|floor|UsedFor|cooling
house|wilderness|CapableOf|be currently visited
restaurants|bar|HasProperty|associated with drinking
switzerland|city|UsedFor| housing animals
apartment|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
television|corner|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
office|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
outside|museum|IsA|continent
forest|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
television|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
mind|good|PartOf|building
action|change|CapableOf|hold objects
forest|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
supermarket|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
film|case|IsA|piece of furniture
coffee|stuff|MadeOf|wood
paper|classroom|IsA|building
supermarket|change|UsedFor|living
window|bathtub|IsA|ceremony
birds|airport|UsedFor|travel
dust|closet|AtLocation|indoors
excitement|working|HasA|ltr p
knowledge|newspaper|IsA|place for students
soup|carrots|IsA|food
trunk|table|UsedFor|storage
tree|sky|IsA|part of nature
house|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
california|ficus|HasProperty|a state in the usa
ficus|california|HasProperty|a state in the usa
pantry|books|IsA|furniture 
movement|stretch|HasProperty|usually fast
cupboard|food|IsA|location
park|concert|UsedFor|music
bedroom|house|HasA|usually have people inside
body|wedding|IsA|part of a human
porch|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
yard|building|AtLocation|outside
city|bridge|HasA|water
jar|ocean|PartOf|kitchen
connection|airport|AtLocation|library
street|yard|HasProperty|man made
tears|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
hospital|airport|IsA|item of clothing
loft|apartment|CapableOf|sleep on it
party|motel|IsA|study room
waterfall|fish|HasA|earth
boredom|exhaustion|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
depression|crying|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
synagogue|concert|HasA|ticket box usually
pride|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
field|roof|IsA|natural or man made
attic|chair|HasProperty|an animal
thinking|meeting|IsA|place for students
montana|people|IsA|religious card
australia|countryside|CapableOf|be read
cellar|cabinet|IsA|room (type)
contemplating|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
cellar|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
canada|backyard|IsA|us state
sink|moon|HasA|pipe system attached
book|paper|IsA|building
carpet|chairs|UsedFor|furnishing a house
ocean|desk|UsedFor|praying
fish|bay|HasProperty|human made
forest|yard|CapableOf|be part of a house
jar|church|IsA|thing you have on person
refrigerator|bowl|IsA|building
dreams|nightmares|PartOf|human body
street|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
crying|embarrassment|IsA|sad emotion
crying|problems|IsA|emotion
disneyland|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
newspaper|bed|IsA|physical item 
jar|movies|UsedFor|eating
tears|like|IsA|emotion
vase|shelf|UsedFor|storing items
garage|house|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
confusion|germany|CapableOf|be heard
crying|nightmares|IsA|negative thing
favors|entertaining|IsA|emotion
ceiling|carpet|IsA|home appliance
toilet|meeting|AtLocation|at home
vaccines|desires|PartOf|human body
river|inside|IsA|place or location
orbit|space|PartOf|wood
plane|carnival|UsedFor|flying
suit|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
briefcase|pocket|UsedFor|carrying things
shelf|table|UsedFor|holding things
dust|ground|IsA|place in a house
happiness|smiles|IsA|activity
texas|france|AtLocation|labeled on a map
swimming|garden|IsA|animal
house|hotel|HasA|pool
container|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
kitchen|pantry|HasA|empty space in it
freeway|cave|IsA|public place
shop|television|IsA|building
computer|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
death|tension|IsA|positive card
airport|shop|UsedFor|cooling
music|skate|PartOf|building
dishes|pantry|IsA|furniture
backyard|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
auditorium|school|HasA|usually have people inside
motel|hotel|CapableOf|hold people against their will
elevator|microwave|IsA|physical and movable item
city|newspaper|IsA|state
outdoors|nature|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
pond|valley|IsA|somewhere animals swim
store|floor|IsA|1 syllable word
salad|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
bedroom|classroom|IsA|object that can be held
lamp|computer|IsA|study room
map|atlas|IsA|building
bathroom|doorway|UsedFor|travel
closet|lamp|UsedFor|a holiday
cupboard|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
bedroom|house|IsA|place to live
electricity|concert|UsedFor|work
sun|fire|HasProperty|capable of burning you
windowsill|vase|UsedFor|at home
field|minnesota|IsA|location
table|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
apartment|table|IsA|pencil
nature|room|IsA|car
forest|wilderness|MadeOf|trees
countryside|house|IsA|place or location to visit
war|blood|HasA|exterior walls
stove|kitchen|CapableOf|store things
trunk|closet|HasProperty|an object
money|key|IsA|thing you have on person
office|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
concert|show|UsedFor|to get a degree
fun|water|PartOf|house
dishwasher|party|AtLocation|on the map
instruction|crying|MadeOf|wood
trunk|shelf|UsedFor|storage
couch|bedroom|UsedFor|sleeping on
house|toilet|IsA|place of learning
home|bathroom|HasProperty|related to eating
table|box|UsedFor|storage
street|ground|HasProperty|white
lamp|concert|UsedFor|work
inspiration|depression|MadeOf|wood
action|jar|IsA|place you can visit
regret|excitement|IsA|mental state
drawer|shelf|IsA|1 syllable word
basement|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
mountains|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere to go
picture|mountain|IsA|location
dreams|desires|CapableOf|hurt
bed|drawer|CapableOf|store
tent|conference|IsA|house where man live
sleep|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
theater|town|IsA|part of a human
garden|house|MadeOf|glass
cabinet|film|IsA|dish
wedding|opera|IsA|house where man live
ocean|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
car|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
wilderness|texas|HasA|car
tent|convention|IsA|house where man live
meeting|television|PartOf|publication
anxiety|action|IsA|negative emotion
nature|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
air|basement|HasProperty|white
closet|windowsill|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
tile|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
synagogue|carnival|HasA|ticket box usually
pocket|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
world|country|MadeOf|water
ficus|teapot|UsedFor|storing food
apartment|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
house|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
earth|town|UsedFor|learning
product|store|HasProperty|used at meal time
thinking|color|HasProperty|a meal
nature|furniture|AtLocation|in home
suburbs|countryside|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
school|university|UsedFor|to get a degree
outside|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
park|indiana|PartOf|house
windowsill|vase|IsA|place
jail|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
shop|party|IsA|ground where child play
bar|restaurant|UsedFor|storing things inside
anger|stress|HasA|physical element
university|encyclopedia|IsA|physical tangible object
wilderness|cage|IsA|country
museum|library|CapableOf|have people go inside
canada|building|HasA|properties of any kind
books|library|IsA|book
office|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
cupboard|oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
embarrassment|pain|IsA|negative thing
waterfall|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
inside|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
underground|swamp|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
apartment|garage|HasA|fee to visit
coats|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
inside|house|HasProperty|material
dance|confusion|PartOf|building
factory|storage|MadeOf|water
room|supermarket|UsedFor|driving
sink|table|IsA|furniture 
air|tree|UsedFor|throwing
hotel|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
classroom|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
shed|bicycle|PartOf|house
church|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
pantry|plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
opera|earth|HasProperty|an event
embarrassment|nightmares|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
moss|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
air|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
conference|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
communication|drinking|IsA|verb
favors|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
snore|nature|IsA|store items
university|class|HasProperty|a meal
purse|money|HasA|function
vaccines|erections|AtLocation|usually in a bed
classroom|building|AtLocation|in your room
apartment|pantry|IsA|furniture
montana|city|CapableOf|be parked on
valley|nature|IsA|natural thing
kentucky|montana|PartOf|america
nest|store|HasProperty|man-made
dreams|vaccines|PartOf|human body
apartment|building|IsA|place where people live
computer|garage|HasProperty|a room
furniture|wall|HasProperty|found in a house
texas|france|HasA|car
trouble|control|IsA|place
snore|television|IsA|place
desk|attic|AtLocation|as part of a house
potatoes|salad|IsA|sweet or savory
computer|bedroom|IsA|study room
jail|supermarket|UsedFor|driving
airport|porch|UsedFor|cooling
dishwasher|cupboard|AtLocation|inside a house
refrigerator|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
museum|house|IsA|type of building
paper|conference|UsedFor|writing
bedroom|museum|UsedFor|urination
thinking|knowledge|IsA|place for students
ocean|universe|HasProperty|found in the house
desk|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
outside|park|HasA|city inside
garage|table|MadeOf|wood
table|kitchen|IsA|room
ocean|outside|MadeOf|natural materials
cave|closet|IsA|place to live
toronto|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
contemplating|revelations|IsA|physical state
classroom|buildings|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
windowsill|store|PartOf|natural landscape
casino|street|IsA|thing you have on person
dishwasher|case|IsA|something you eat off
town|backyard|IsA|country
discovery|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
refrigerator|food|CapableOf|be found in a house
countryside|playground|UsedFor|swimming
desert|sahara|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
shed|attic|CapableOf|be used for storage
garden|church|CapableOf|have people  inside
opera|program|UsedFor|worship
demonstration|box|UsedFor|learning
class|music|IsA|action
apartment|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
bedroom|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
country|control|IsA|book
bag|warehouse|UsedFor|storing physical things
tile|house|UsedFor|sitting on
club|meeting|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
chair|television|PartOf|house
fatigue|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
switzerland|picture|MadeOf|rocks
stamps|wallet|IsA|something you eat off
front|ballpark|UsedFor|containing objects
house|suburb|HasProperty|a location
cupboard|pot|CapableOf|storing food
street|town|HasProperty|a location
performing|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
birds|action|IsA|emotion
party|dog|AtLocation|on the map
utensils|dust|UsedFor|storage
stamps|desk|UsedFor|eating
thinking|class|IsA|place for students
castle|human|PartOf|house 
desert|bank|HasProperty|wooded
museum|classroom|UsedFor|car repair
toronto|floor|HasProperty|an animal
argument|death|HasA|physical element
enjoyment|smiles|IsA|verb
synagogue|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
cat|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
porch|toilet|IsA|building
kitchen|house|AtLocation|with water
bowl|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
porch|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
austria|asia|IsA|location
cinema|opera|UsedFor|putting on a show
shop|lamp|IsA|study room
nature|outside|IsA|animal
apartment|table|IsA|piece of furniture
buildings|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
desktop|desk|AtLocation|inside someone's home
paper|office|CapableOf|be worn
park|church|IsA|place you visit
opera|electricity|MadeOf|wood
garage|jail|CapableOf|hold people against their will
house|store|MadeOf|wood
convention|skin|IsA|place
synagogue|morgue|HasA|exterior walls
battle|argument|IsA|physical outcome
trouble|control|HasA|movie
factory|library|IsA|type of building
city|house|HasProperty|a location
church|florida|IsA|place to be entertained
house|water|HasA|pipe system attached
bar|woods|HasProperty|a room
plate|desk|MadeOf|wood
crowd|park|CapableOf|have people physically in it
sky|desert|HasProperty|man made
loft|airplane|IsA|place to sleep
bottle|shelf|AtLocation|in a kitchen
desktop|oven|HasProperty|made of wood
forest|rain|IsA|brand
car|people|IsA|location
container|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
apartment|church|HasProperty|part of a human
clouds|dust|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
water|attic|AtLocation|within a building's structure
refrigerator|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
hotel|restaurant|IsA|place of learning
wilderness|nature|MadeOf|trees
excitement|love|HasProperty|an emotion
encyclopedia|university|HasProperty|a meal
universe|movies|HasProperty|something you can touch
office|store|IsA|item of clothing
california|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
floor|boat|HasProperty|furniture in a house
teacher|nails|IsA|place people can visit
building|forest|AtLocation|outside
bridge|water|CapableOf|store small items
playground|outside|AtLocation|at a party
utensils|dust|UsedFor|to keep items
stove|oven|CapableOf|store things
park|canada|AtLocation|outside
dinner|university|UsedFor|studying
books|library|UsedFor|reading
cabinet|dishwasher|IsA|something you eat off
war|good|PartOf|building
wedding|theater|IsA|house where man live
greenhouse|trash|HasProperty|found in the garden
couch|table|MadeOf|wood
hotel|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
gate|freeway|HasA|airplanes
shop|bedroom|IsA|n electronic device
soup|river|UsedFor|transportation
safe|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
montana|street|IsA|rural region
knowledge|crying|IsA|emotion
ball|street|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
neighborhood|roadway|MadeOf|sand
suffering|anger|UsedFor|punish
stove|table|AtLocation|in a house
opera|program|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
fun|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
lamp|computer|IsA|ground where child play
apartment|cellar|CapableOf|be opened/closed
countryside|cage|MadeOf|trees
oven|bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
valley|bay|IsA|small body of water
shed|boxes|IsA|room in a home
cup|outside|AtLocation|on the map
supermarket|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
street|bearing|UsedFor|farmers 
park|trees|IsA|place people work and live
butterflies|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
hotel|coats|IsA|place to live
computer|office|AtLocation|in your company
city|wedding|UsedFor|over night stays 
house|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
party|corner|IsA|building
store|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
enjoyment|laughter|HasProperty|a positive emotion
newspaper|drawer|CapableOf|store
party|jail|HasProperty|a place where people sing
supermarket|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
clothing|dinner|UsedFor|storage
drawer|restaurant|IsA|dish
desktop|books|CapableOf|be used virtually 
backpack|michigan|UsedFor|eating
airport|hospital|CapableOf|have a street address
plants|garden|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
roof|yard|IsA|part of nature
shelf|jar|HasA|door
sky|countryside|IsA|natural thing
attic|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
bar|shelf|IsA|type of business
office|church|IsA|room in a house
key|store|UsedFor|living
corner|bedroom|IsA|n electronic device
work|airport|HasA|use electricity
trash|utensils|IsA|furniture
rock|ground|IsA|place you can live
house|rain|UsedFor|work
class|library|IsA|place for students
nature|outside|UsedFor|cooking food
jar|container|UsedFor|storage
classroom|sun|CapableOf|move location
program|concert|UsedFor|work
television|cat|HasProperty|an animal
ocean|imagination|IsA|religious card
product|plate|IsA|place
air|room|PartOf|food and drink
concert|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
bar|classroom|IsA|room in a property
cabinet|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
restaurant|families|IsA|event
box|table|MadeOf|plastic
window|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
airport|newspaper|CapableOf|store
vaccines|nightmares|IsA|feeling
desktop|corner|MadeOf|wood
school|forest|IsA|place
doorway|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
excitement|confusion|HasA|ltr p
crying|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
magazine|drawer|CapableOf|store
school|table|IsA|another word for show
box|plate|IsA|furniture
container|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
bowl|trash|CapableOf|be used with a computer
controversy|nostalgia|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
restaurant|home|IsA|tableware
bedroom|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
city|america|IsA|place
earth|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
house|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
table|shelf|UsedFor|storing items
allergies|boredom|CapableOf|be physically touched
bed|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
sailboat|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
bedroom|bathroom|IsA|room in a property
plate|cup|CapableOf|cook things
toilet|kitchen|IsA|furniture
store|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
carrots|potatoes|IsA|sweet or savory
magazines|drawer|IsA|physical item 
clouds|party|UsedFor|driving
bedroom|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
opera|body|IsA|part of a human
basement|warehouse|UsedFor|storage
dust|clothing|IsA|made of wood
garage|attic|UsedFor|generating products or plants
book|class|IsA|place for students
street|closet|HasA|wheels
office|hallway|AtLocation|indoors
nostalgia|shock|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
lightning|food|HasA|physical appearance
house|disneyland|IsA|room
beaver|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
bed|floor|CapableOf|be easily carried
computer|couch|UsedFor|work
oven|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
house|basement|UsedFor|work
lasagna|product|IsA|place
dinner|bread|PartOf|food and drink
cupboard|bedroom|CapableOf|be found in a house
closet|dust|HasProperty|found inside a house
person|war|CapableOf|be performed
train|entertainment|IsA|tourist destination
countryside|park|CapableOf|be part of a house
room|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
people|wedding|IsA|place
anger|happiness|IsA|emotion
shelf|silverware|HasA|edible items for sale
store|nest|CapableOf|fly
store|clothes|MadeOf|wood
party|closet|AtLocation|inside a house
funeral|lights|IsA|place
montana|suburbs|IsA|place where you can live
learning|listening|IsA|associated to a positive experience
television|garbage|UsedFor|storage
toilet|hallway|IsA|room in a property
enjoyment|dancing|IsA|verb
porch|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
michigan|roof|CapableOf|fly
garage|snore|IsA|store items
ocean|sink|HasA|pipe system attached
bathroom|kitchen|UsedFor|serving
montana|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
dog|kennel|IsA|place or location
hotel|closet|HasProperty|a place where people sing
basement|cellar|UsedFor|mainly sleep
box|coffee|IsA|furniture
house|plants|PartOf|glass
classroom|computer|UsedFor|packing things inside
drawer|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
plate|refrigerator|HasA|empty space in it
jar|ballpark|IsA|reply to a question
pizza|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
desk|movie|IsA|something you eat off
field|cage|AtLocation|in home
stomach|sink|HasProperty|made of wood
freeway|hospital|IsA|business
trunk|closet|UsedFor|storing things in
field|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
nails|pocket|UsedFor|writing
snow|france|HasA|car
state|nebraska|IsA|business that serves food
jar|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
dog|rug|AtLocation|on the map
desert|yard|IsA|state
box|church|PartOf|house
cabinet|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
trash|toilet|IsA|furniture
stadium|house|CapableOf|fly
bottle|container|IsA|place for entertainment
restaurants|bar|CapableOf|be entered
closet|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
government|city|IsA|object/thing
bedroom|television|AtLocation|inside someone's home
building|window|MadeOf|wood
connection|wall|IsA|public place
outside|picture|HasA|city inside
backpack|locker|IsA|place of learning
knowledge|class|UsedFor|learning
oven|table|HasA|store edible items
wallet|case|IsA|form of entertainment
confusion|anger|IsA|negative emotion
air|rain|IsA|car
office|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
bathroom|house|IsA|business
porch|kitchen|UsedFor|work
detroit|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
loft|building|AtLocation|in your room
city|antarctica|UsedFor| housing animals
synagogue|library|HasA|walls
museum|bar|IsA|room
michigan|homes|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
village|maine|AtLocation|on a map
playground|backyard|HasA|walls
exchange|conference|IsA|type of room
corner|closet|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
rug|furniture|CapableOf|sleeping
garage|snore|IsA|animal
car|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
canada|village|AtLocation|on a map
home|house|CapableOf|move location
computer|library|HasProperty|used for learning
pocket|cabinet|IsA|place of learning
money|bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
house|school|CapableOf|be currently visited
class|university|UsedFor|studying
party|house|HasProperty|associated with drinking
wedding|floor|HasProperty|furniture in a house
montana|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
anthology|table|IsA|something kept at home
bridge|jar|UsedFor|in a bathroom
country|continent|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
fun|love|IsA|n emotion
color|meeting|PartOf|the human body
backyard|indiana|MadeOf|fiber
chair|nature|IsA|place
skyscraper|office|IsA|country or state
school|heaven|CapableOf|fly
vase|flowers|IsA|art-related item
nature|trouble|PartOf|house
cave|hospital|UsedFor|a holiday
cabinet|office|IsA|place of learning
defeat|aggression|IsA|feeling or emotion
warehouse|garage|UsedFor|storing stuffs
dishwasher|apartment|IsA|dish
performing|injury|CapableOf|fly
earth|opera|UsedFor|buying food
pot|container|IsA|type of business
carnival|liquid|UsedFor|drinking 
refrigerator|ground|IsA|place where people live
windowsill|nature|MadeOf|trees
kitchen|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
excitement|anger|IsA|negative emotion
problems|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
field|russia|UsedFor|cooking
university|encyclopedia|HasProperty|related to studying
hallway|office|IsA|type /part of building
shed|loft|IsA|structure or building
restaurant|library|IsA|place you could sleep in
casino|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
speaker|microwave|AtLocation|in office blocks
teapot|arboretum|UsedFor|storing food
suburbs|town|IsA|rural region
house|party|HasProperty|a place where people sing
floor|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of building
beach|pond|IsA|country
remembering|dream|IsA|negative feeling
marmoset|fly|IsA|place
battle|aggression|IsA|positive card
michigan|storage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
table|oven|HasProperty|edible
desk|chair|IsA|piece of furniture
library|bed|CapableOf|store
forest|arctic|IsA|popular attraction
india|california|IsA|place
montana|disneyland|IsA|place or location
church|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
desktop|windowsill|HasProperty|hot
countryside|park|IsA|living/once living
office|classroom|UsedFor|religious services
france|wilderness|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
trash|stuff|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
sleeping|erections|HasProperty|negative in human sense
manual|library|PartOf|publication
closet|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
bed|floor|HasProperty|an animal
workplace|restaurant|UsedFor|free
closet|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
conference|synagogue|IsA|commercial browser
backpack|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
forest|building|UsedFor|swimming
box|movies|IsA|public building
inside|library|CapableOf|move
controversy|nightmares|IsA|emotion
synagogue|town|IsA|place or location
synagogue|demonstration|IsA|sound
movie|bowl|IsA|something found in a household
driveway|countryside|MadeOf|sand
kitchen|classroom|AtLocation|in your room
rain|sky|UsedFor|work
forest|garden|IsA|country
people|concert|IsA|place or location
pantry|cupboard|HasA|door
desk|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
discovery|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
buildings|apartment|UsedFor|putting on a show
crying|pain|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
countryside|forest|PartOf|natural landscape
wedding|families|CapableOf|be eaten
food|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
dinner|store|IsA|made of wood
party|dog|AtLocation|inside a house
building|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
nature|valley|MadeOf|trees
wedding|mansion|HasProperty|alive
market|kitchens|IsA|piece of furniture
street|ground|IsA|car
town|wedding|UsedFor|putting on a show
kitchen|boat|MadeOf|wood
house|library|CapableOf|have a street address
jar|kitchen|AtLocation|public area
book|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
dinner|field|IsA|physical tangible object
detroit|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
silverware|oven|HasProperty|made of wood
college|school|IsA|object
desk|stamps|MadeOf|wood
corner|demonstration|UsedFor|furniture
nature|moon|UsedFor|work
street|store|CapableOf|keeping cash
fly|soup|UsedFor|transportation
school|store|IsA|place to live
bottle|sink|UsedFor|storage 
class|thinking|HasProperty|related to studying
field|head|HasProperty|a meal
container|orbit|PartOf|wood
museum|pocket|UsedFor|reading
clock|newspaper|AtLocation|library
toilet|bowl|IsA|place to make food
sleeping|desires|PartOf|human body
pantry|stove|HasProperty|used for meals
computer|television|IsA|n electronic device
refrigerator|plate|IsA|location or room
sun|beach|HasProperty|hot
smiles|enjoyment|IsA|activity
table|wall|UsedFor|storage
ground|clouds|IsA|place for clothes
town|ocean|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
bowl|soup|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
opera|music|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
house|city|CapableOf|be parked on
school|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
remembering|knowledge|IsA|negative thing
bedroom|museum|AtLocation|indoors
food|pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
bedroom|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
families|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
dust|floor|MadeOf|wood
ocean|countryside|IsA|living thing
restaurant|trees|UsedFor|swimming
house|basement|IsA|room (type)
park|garden|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
disneyland|sun|IsA|place
bed|mess|AtLocation|with water
montana|earth|UsedFor|buying food
class|head|IsA|part media
disneyland|bowl|IsA|furniture
apartment|corner|HasProperty|able to be entered
valley|mexico|HasProperty|made by humans
car|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
mexico|france|IsA|state
reflection|cut|CapableOf|fly
porch|desk|AtLocation|in a house
ocean|store|IsA|item of clothing
floor|table|IsA|1 syllable word
dancing|drinking|IsA|verb
suburbs|lake|IsA|place
clothes|store|IsA|made of wood
cabinet|table|MadeOf|wood
apartment|church|HasProperty|a place where people sing
table|floor|IsA|furniture 
passageway|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
toilet|hotel|HasA|pool
supermarket|apartment|HasProperty|an event
montana|tent|IsA|event
shed|warehouse|IsA|structure or building
clothing|shop|CapableOf|store
tent|conference|IsA|planet
michigan|restaurant|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
clouds|attic|CapableOf|make sounds
roadway|countryside|HasProperty|a location
beer|pot|MadeOf|metal
pantry|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
lightning|thinking|IsA|colorful
theater|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
building|demonstration|IsA|human or part of human
hotel|college|UsedFor|washing
wilderness|house|IsA|animal or book
box|rug|UsedFor|indoor activities
building|pond|AtLocation|outside
salad|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
sorrow|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
pocket|manual|CapableOf|be held with one hand
concert|supermarket|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
city|army|IsA|place
montana|earth|HasProperty|part of a human
outdoors|forest|HasProperty|2 syllables
carpet|sky|PartOf|an office
problems|crying|IsA|feeling/emotion
government|control|HasProperty|powerful
pennsylvania|canada|HasProperty|a country
desk|box|MadeOf|wood
relaxation|talk|IsA|feeling
park|trees|UsedFor|swimming
cage|forest|MadeOf|trees
box|table|UsedFor|learning
control|government|CapableOf|place
film|movie|IsA|something found in a household
backpack|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
backyard|jungle|IsA|outdoor area
opera|tent|UsedFor|buying food
revelations|contemplating|IsA|physical state
jar|money|HasA|function
warehouse|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
telephone|corner|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
snore|trouble|IsA|store items
car|glass|IsA|physical item 
dishwasher|glass|IsA|furniture
bedroom|museum|HasA|usually have people inside
book|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
house|wall|HasA|airplanes
supermarket|cabinet|CapableOf|be moved around
garden|lamp|UsedFor|work
church|club|AtLocation|in a building
concert|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
cupboard|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
books|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
park|store|IsA|animal
bowl|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
cup|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
hospital|office|IsA|ground where child play
table|garden|UsedFor|work
park|theater|CapableOf|have people physically in it
roof|windowsill|PartOf|physical structure
pocket|locker|UsedFor|storage
tennessee|city|UsedFor|food
home|office|CapableOf|have people  inside
basement|attic|PartOf|house
can|beer|HasA|plug or power source
attic|cat|AtLocation|in home
show|concert|UsedFor|recreation activity
bar|apartment|UsedFor|urination
ground|air|HasProperty|white
plate|jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
suicide|dancing|MadeOf|the human body
lamp|microwave|CapableOf|plug into the wall
backyard|playground|IsA|nation
france|colorado|IsA|state
water|chicken|IsA|physical item 
connection|car|AtLocation|library
bathroom|palace|UsedFor|sport
air|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
carnival|disneyland|HasA|ticket box usually
can|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
ocean|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
desert|forest|IsA|part of nature
lamp|moon|IsA|car
rug|bed|AtLocation|inside a house
trees|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
fox|arkansas|IsA|state in uk
outdoors|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
switzerland|antarctica|UsedFor|food
mexico|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
disneyland|seattle|IsA|geographic location
woods|park|HasProperty|part of your  house
airplane|hairbrush|CapableOf|move location
ground|sun|IsA|car
microwave|desk|IsA|something you eat off
candy|park|IsA|event
china|suburb|IsA|state
region|world|MadeOf|water
school|synagogue|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
bathroom|college|CapableOf|have people  inside
class|person|CapableOf|be performed
bathroom|internet|HasProperty|alive
disneyland|street|PartOf|city
corner|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
toilet|house|MadeOf|organic material
yard|ocean|IsA|country or state
entertainment|inspiration|HasA|positive connotation
chair|nature|PartOf|house
bathtub|garden|IsA|bodypart
conference|synagogue|HasA|ticket box usually
museum|school|PartOf|building
headache|skin|MadeOf|the human body
performing|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
plants|shelf|IsA|place
bubblegum|store|CapableOf|keeping cash
boat|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
backpack|map|UsedFor|reading
cabinet|table|UsedFor|holding things
lamp|church|MadeOf|wood
money|knowledge|IsA|emotion
television|telephone|AtLocation|in the living room
closet|school|UsedFor|reading books
tent|synagogue|UsedFor|learning
dinner|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
party|shop|IsA|ground where child play
refrigerator|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
pantry|condiments|IsA|  place
disneyland|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
montana|chair|IsA|mental place
driveway|newspaper|IsA|state
closet|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
computer|england|AtLocation|on a map
cupboard|shelf|IsA|furniture
refrigerator|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
satisfaction|excitement|IsA|action
cinema|town|IsA|location
countryside|field|IsA|man made thing
apartment|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
house|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
food|school|IsA|part of the body
porch|table|CapableOf|store
theater|florida|IsA|place of worship
hunger|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
park|playground|IsA|nation
basement|container|HasProperty|found below ground level
fun|talk|IsA|feeling
library|book|IsA|physical tangible object
pond|outdoors|CapableOf|be part of a house
house|museum|UsedFor|storing things inside
park|town|HasA|properties of any kind
kitchen|desktop|HasProperty|edible
cabinet|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
apartment|store|CapableOf|be sweet
mountains|arkansas|IsA|us state
telephone|corner|AtLocation|inside someone's home
action|jar|HasA|function
michigan|canada|IsA|country or state
garage|refrigerator|IsA|place where people live
desktop|outside|UsedFor|storage
disneyland|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
canada|town|IsA|place you visit often
australia|beaver|CapableOf|be read
hotel|college|IsA|object
manual|information|UsedFor|reading
desktop|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
clothes|dust|UsedFor|storage
windowsill|closet|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
window|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
hallway|nature|IsA|car
hotel|house|IsA|place you could sleep in
country|africa|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
garage|bed|IsA|place
light|sun|MadeOf|energy
cellar|attic|CapableOf|be used for storage
battle|human|IsA|country
dishes|sink|IsA|furniture 
clothes|floor|MadeOf|food
map|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
pleasure|instruction|IsA|emotion
forest|backyard|IsA|country
food|pantry|IsA|  place
birds|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
boxes|garage|UsedFor|cooking
university|thinking|HasProperty|related to studying
notebook|paper|IsA|school supply
bird|stream|MadeOf|trees
trees|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
town|apartment|IsA|event
safe|color|IsA|part media
office|museum|UsedFor|religious services
park|cleanliness|MadeOf|nature
happiness|anger|HasA|punish
water|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
school|house|PartOf|admin role
meeting|head|HasProperty|related to studying
cave|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
cabinet|shelf|AtLocation|in a kitchen
street|shed|PartOf|house
office|monastery|UsedFor|praying
store|closet|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
jar|cabinet|IsA|place where students learn
oven|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
love|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
region|country|IsA|continent
supermarket|room|HasProperty|associated with drinking
listening|fulfillment|IsA|something considered as positive
ballpark|space|UsedFor|containing objects
favors|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
cabinet|roof|IsA|place to store items
university|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
government|sun|HasA|movie
apartment|garage|AtLocation|in a building
chair|confession|IsA|mental place
groceries|pantry|AtLocation|in a kitchen
backyard|town|AtLocation|outside
work|airport|HasA|airplanes
freeway|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
office|yard|IsA|country or state
furniture|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
homes|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
shelf|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
building|factory|MadeOf|water
windowsill|attic|HasProperty|found inside a house
refrigerator|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
bathroom|court|HasA|roof
house|closet|HasProperty|removable
backyard|playground|AtLocation|outside
ceiling|lamp|UsedFor|work
dinner|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
bowl|pot|IsA|place to make food
store|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
notebook|book|UsedFor|reading
roof|windowsill|IsA|living thing
glass|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
person|demonstration|UsedFor|announcing something
jar|movies|IsA|public building
cat|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
suburb|town|MadeOf|sand
suburbs|prison|CapableOf|be read
opera|music|UsedFor|live performances
love|hospital|IsA|business
apartment|internet|HasProperty|alive
attic|television|IsA|place in a house
map|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
television|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
commercial|cage|CapableOf|be read
glass|stomach|MadeOf|metal
nature|candle|IsA|car
loft|basement|IsA|room in a home
field|heaven|UsedFor|food
container|trunk|UsedFor|storing things in
cupboard|wall|AtLocation|indoors
yard|pond|IsA|nature-related
outdoors|forest|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
mexico|restaurant|IsA|country
pot|mouse|CapableOf|be used with a computer
outside|mountains|IsA|living/once living
mouse|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
box|hotel|IsA|part of the body
garage|michigan|CapableOf|work
computer|table|AtLocation|inside a place of habitation
dishwasher|trash|CapableOf|be used with a computer
opera|cinema|UsedFor|putting on a show
theater|buildings|HasProperty|alive
jar|box|HasA|to do with planets
backpack|cabinet|IsA|building
park|idaho|IsA|place you can visit
countryside|beach|IsA|nation
country|ocean|PartOf|the continent 
ground|garbage|AtLocation|indoors
bedroom|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
classroom|bedroom|UsedFor|urination
crying|remembering|IsA|feeling/emotion
beaver|books|PartOf|north america
restaurant|apartment|IsA|type of building
town|neighborhood|HasProperty|a country
ground|air|HasProperty|man made
balloon|air|UsedFor|driving
windowsill|bathroom|PartOf|house
birds|discovery|IsA|emotion
wedding|classroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
depression|embarrassment|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
container|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
container|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
casino|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
pocket|office|IsA|place of learning
pond|river|HasA|earth
bathroom|yard|IsA|living/once living
conference|town|HasProperty|alive
countryside|tree|IsA|part of nature
house|cave|HasA|airplanes
fear|lightning|CapableOf|fly
people|internet|IsA|location
store|restaurant|CapableOf| be moved
bathroom|opera|CapableOf|be heard
television|floor|HasProperty|an animal
reflection|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
closet|warehouse|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
silverware|oven|MadeOf|metal
garage|arboretum|HasProperty|where someone can live
apartment|student|UsedFor|reading and studying
demonstration|market|HasProperty|able to be entered
shelf|desktop|IsA|room
fish|waterfall|IsA|place that humans can swim
stamps|movie|IsA|something found in a household
thinking|lightning|CapableOf|fly
river|pond|IsA|somewhere animals swim
fun|talk|IsA|form of communication
television|garage|HasProperty|an animal
battle|park|IsA|place
agreement|suffering|UsedFor|manifesting joy
suffering|tears|CapableOf|make you sad
table|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
snow|sun|IsA|vacation destination
garage|nature|HasProperty|an animal
street|sunbathers|HasProperty|hot
fun|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
concert|crowd|IsA|place
suburb|state|AtLocation|inside a house
synagogue|theater|IsA|social event
connection|wall|HasA|airplanes
disneyland|apartment|UsedFor|storage
jar|paper|UsedFor|writing
backyard|pond|IsA|nature-related
trunk|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
convention|opera|UsedFor|buying food
joy|cleanliness|CapableOf|happiness
garage|basement|UsedFor|cooking
instruction|crying|IsA|negative feeling
bed|dog|AtLocation|inside a house
computer|village|IsA|country or state
street|weather|HasProperty|associated with the environment
god|monastery|IsA|place of religion
closet|groceries|IsA|type of business
soup|chicken|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
palace|school|IsA|in a home
drink|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
body|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
sink|backpack|IsA|furniture
happiness|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
town|london|IsA|something you can own
motel|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
home|nature|UsedFor|cooking food
club|restaurant|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
porch|jail|IsA|room or building
airplane|building|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
ocean|store|UsedFor|a holiday
class|person|CapableOf|be heard
michigan|mountain|CapableOf|fly
continent|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
map|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
suburbs|town|HasA|buildings in it
ceiling|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
sun|government|IsA|place
cabinet|case|UsedFor|eating
chair|cat|HasProperty|an animal
circus|people|UsedFor|praying
den|cabinet|HasA|roof
pantry|backpack|IsA|furniture
door|bed|MadeOf|wood
nails|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
homes|bar|UsedFor|ordering a burger
newspaper|university|HasA|screen
drawer|trunk|CapableOf|be worn
snow|trees|IsA|place
opera|montana|IsA|place or location
kitchen|food|AtLocation|in a home
supermarket|theater|UsedFor|living
bed|doorway|UsedFor|travel
briefcase|locker|IsA|building
bathroom|person|CapableOf|be heard
yard|playground|AtLocation|outside
sun|light|MadeOf|energy
building|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
doctor|table|IsA|room or building
pocket|purse|CapableOf|be held in your hands
embarrassment|trauma|IsA|negative thing
boxes|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
classroom|wall|IsA|ceremony
bedroom|hallway|UsedFor|car repair
court|house|HasA|roof
closet|door|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
enemies|sweat|IsA|positive card
restaurant|hotel|IsA|event
field|stomach|HasProperty|made of wood
kitchen|pantry|IsA|furniture
allergies|cleanliness|CapableOf|be physically touched
cup|bed|AtLocation|inside a house
garden|backyard|IsA|country
beach|forest|CapableOf|fly
jungle|outdoors|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
nature|moon|IsA|car
meeting|class|IsA|place people can meet
rain|desert|HasProperty|very cold
box|cage|PartOf|house
backyard|building|IsA|nation
cabinet|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
newspaper|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
company|work|HasA|airplanes
indiana|canada|MadeOf|fiber
desert|sunshine|HasProperty|hot
snore|television|HasProperty|an animal
fox|louisiana|IsA|us state
table|closet|AtLocation|on the map
montana|earth|IsA|place you buy food
forest|park|HasProperty|part of your  house
school|universe|IsA|place
ocean|house|HasA|pipe system attached
cabinet|pocket|UsedFor|writing
fun|bicycle|AtLocation|within a building's structure
park|windowsill|HasA|head
valley|yard|IsA|tall building
mouth|garage|CapableOf|be attended
trash|box|IsA|structure or building
mouse|sugar|IsA|room in a building
classroom|car|HasProperty|a type of home
mountains|outside|IsA|living/once living
home|restaurant|AtLocation|in a house
chair|table|UsedFor|viewing/reading
workplace|jail|IsA|person
roof|store|IsA|place where you can stand
assessment|demonstration|IsA|human or part of human
restaurant|bowl|IsA|furniture
forest|rain|HasProperty|very cold
gentleman|suit|IsA|place people can meet
desert|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
california|countryside|CapableOf|be read
floor|books|IsA|furniture
cut|thinking|IsA|colorful
hotel|house|IsA|building
pride|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
movie|clothing|UsedFor|learning
opera|war|CapableOf|be heard
flower|shelf|UsedFor|at home
carrots|store|CapableOf|be sweet
synagogue|school|HasA|exterior walls
countryside|desert|UsedFor|expanding development
water|medium|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
china|countryside|HasProperty|a location
club|university|IsA|place people can meet
classroom|building|IsA|place to sleep
opera|apartment|IsA|commercial browser
cellar|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
nest|michigan|PartOf|house
outdoors|trees|UsedFor|swimming
water|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
car|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
desert|city|IsA|state
countryside|cage|IsA|living thing
happiness|cut|IsA|colorful
wires|office|HasProperty|a property 
cave|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
university|movies|IsA|place you can visit
instruction|pain|IsA|emotion
tree|carpet|IsA|place or location
mountains|swamp|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
kitchen|cup|IsA|piece of furniture
factory|band|IsA|nation symbol
backpack|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
toilet|pot|IsA|place to make food
attic|closet|IsA|place for clothes
nails|table|IsA|location
country|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
newspaper|wall|AtLocation|library
thinking|injury|CapableOf|fly
ocean|store|IsA|place to live
television|information|HasProperty|singular
heaven|hole|IsA|country
town|earth|HasProperty|part of a human
church|cellar|IsA|place
store|ocean|IsA|item of clothing
government|city|HasA|movie
inspiration|remembering|IsA|positive thing
synagogue|confession|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
house|roof|PartOf|body
plants|tree|PartOf|house
trunk|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
mouth|box|IsA|object
house|ground|HasProperty|white
hunger|knowledge|IsA|emotion
carpet|windowsill|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
picture|shelf|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
restaurant|club|UsedFor|learning
toilet|cupboard|IsA|place to make food
carnival|synagogue|IsA|place or location
shelf|clock|IsA|inanimate object
synagogue|barn|AtLocation|at a house
cave|connection|HasA|airplanes
apartment|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
woods|universe|IsA|place
roof|sky|IsA|living thing
lake|woods|IsA|place
cupboard|silverware|MadeOf|metal
bedroom|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
relaxation|headache|IsA|positive state
airport|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
stamps|drawer|IsA|dish
library|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
town|country|HasProperty|ruled by one government
workplace|park|IsA|place where you can visit
thinking|university|IsA|place for students
airport|cave|IsA|business
house|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
hotel|library|CapableOf|have a street address
party|jail|HasProperty|associated with drinking
room|garage|PartOf|house
pot|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
box|cage|IsA|living thing
moon|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
hotel|apartment|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
sunbathers|park|HasProperty|hot
concert|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
building|carnival|IsA|place or location
drawer|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
war|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
lightning|injury|CapableOf|fly
table|jar|IsA|  place
aggression|tension|IsA|positive card
class|good|IsA|action
warehouse|room|PartOf|house
garage|bedroom|IsA|room (type)
park|countryside|CapableOf|be part of a house
table|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
garden|building|CapableOf|work
town|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
cellar|church|AtLocation|within a building's structure
utensils|car|IsA|made of wood
car|outside|AtLocation|on the map
manual|table|CapableOf|be held with one hand
encyclopedia|desk|CapableOf|contain multiple people
antarctica|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
liquid|pot|UsedFor|storage
london|city|HasProperty|a workplace
restaurant|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
concert|church|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
shelf|table|UsedFor|viewing/reading
forest|weather|PartOf|city
drawer|cat|HasProperty|an animal
house|bridge|CapableOf|store small items
windowsill|plants|CapableOf|laugh
stream|valley|IsA|natural thing
street|michigan|IsA|business that serves food
backpack|clothes|MadeOf|food
roof|floor|UsedFor|building the structure of house
church|confession|IsA|mental place
program|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
attic|loft|IsA|room in a home
shelf|vase|IsA|art-related item
forest|pond|IsA|living/once living
desktop|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
desktop|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
countryside|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
doctor|bed|CapableOf|store
door|closet|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
bed|cup|AtLocation|inside a house
nature|stream|IsA|natural thing
toronto|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
families|school|IsA|event
supermarket|apartment|IsA|event
outdoors|building|AtLocation|outside
drawer|dishwasher|IsA|form of entertainment
cabinet|conference|IsA|piece of furniture
mexico|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
home|porch|UsedFor|cooling
hospital|shop|HasProperty|a place you can work
store|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
map|locker|IsA|building
bedroom|cat|UsedFor|cooking food
controversy|remembering|IsA|negative thing
cupboard|books|IsA|furniture 
hospital|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
encyclopedia|knowledge|UsedFor|learning
subdivision|montana|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
demonstration|lasagna|IsA|place
rug|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
drugstore|ceiling|IsA|place to sleep
pot|can|HasProperty|a beverage
country|desktop|UsedFor|worship
cupboard|supermarket|HasA|roof
pain|love|IsA|emotion
roof|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
depression|trauma|IsA|positive thing
jail|hotel|CapableOf|hold people against their will
book|encyclopedia|HasA|screen
home|backyard|UsedFor|cooking food
bedroom|porch|AtLocation|in a house
trunk|shelf|IsA|1 syllable word
loft|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
theater|window|MadeOf|wood
shelf|cupboard|CapableOf|be found in a house
ocean|sink|HasProperty|a building
groceries|pot|HasA|plug or power source
sun|rain|HasProperty|white
countryside|backyard|CapableOf|be part of a house
water|ceiling|IsA|car
shoe|backpack|HasProperty|something you can carry
arkansas|california|IsA|us state
crying|embarrassment|IsA|negative feeling
cat|furniture|IsA|store items
shelf|backpack|IsA|furniture 
city|yard|IsA|country or state
china|montana|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
refrigerator|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
canada|backyard|IsA|country
library|newspaper|AtLocation|in a store
notebook|college|UsedFor|happiness
office|library|MadeOf|wood
books|pantry|IsA|furniture 
furniture|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
store|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
room|house|IsA|car
cinema|wedding|HasProperty|a gathering place
ground|closet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
kitchen|wall|CapableOf|be found in a house
church|pocket|UsedFor|living
vase|cabinet|IsA|room
monastery|montana|IsA|place of religion
trunk|car|IsA|made of wood
dog|shoes|AtLocation|inside a house
floor|bed|PartOf|house
bank|hole|MadeOf|paper
school|office|IsA|place
cut|fear|IsA|colorful
sunshine|desert|IsA|vacation destination
teacher|pocket|UsedFor|writing
homes|workplace|UsedFor|free
jail|party|CapableOf|be closed
town|wedding|IsA|house where man live
jar|table|IsA|  place
backyard|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
cupboard|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
shelf|desk|IsA|necessity for education
suffering|happiness|HasA|punish
color|information|IsA|physical tangible object
house|computer|UsedFor|student
paint|door|UsedFor|storage
exchange|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
prison|california|IsA|place
library|encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
wilderness|forest|MadeOf|trees
vacuum|container|AtLocation|in a cupboard
greenhouse|pot|IsA|furniture
water|sink|CapableOf|be used as transport 
microwave|dishwasher|IsA|something found in a household
store|clothes|MadeOf|food
clothing|backpack|IsA|made of wood
garden|meeting|IsA|place people can meet
anxiety|food|IsA|negative emotion
pond|forest|IsA|place people work and live
shock|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
store|conference|IsA|piece of furniture
restaurant|apartment|HasProperty|a room
museum|corner|IsA|place to store items
exercise|stretch|HasProperty|a physical activity
clock|conference|MadeOf|a natural material
closet|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
suffering|laughter|IsA|sad emotion
yard|city|IsA|state
dinner|university|IsA|physical tangible object
television|clouds|IsA|place for clothes
sorrow|embarrassment|IsA|something a baby could have
cellar|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
disneyland|outside|UsedFor|cooking
celebrating|drinking|IsA|activity
warehouse|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
ceiling|hairbrush|AtLocation|in your room
synagogue|apartment|IsA|place
water|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
cupboard|table|HasProperty|made of wood
oven|table|AtLocation|in  a residence
roof|garden|HasA|head
table|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
paper|classroom|UsedFor|writing
unemployment|movies|UsedFor|entertainment
cat|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking food
action|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
agreement|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
commercial|stream|IsA|place
head|class|UsedFor|studying
bowl|kitchen|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
detroit|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
outdoors|cage|MadeOf|trees
bed|human|CapableOf|be lived in
table|lamp|UsedFor|worship
forest|woods|IsA|place
cabinet|wall|CapableOf|be found in a house
park|funeral|CapableOf|have people physically in it
cheese|plate|IsA|location or room
refrigerators|jar|AtLocation|in a house
manual|car|PartOf|food and drink
opera|carnival|HasA|ticket box usually
shed|store|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
manual|books|HasA|letter e in it
window|backpack|IsA|furniture
plate|table|MadeOf|wood
bed|heaven|UsedFor|travel
field|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
garden|mexico|AtLocation|outside
beach|bearing|HasA|first letter b
refrigerator|bread|IsA|location or room
car|restaurants|CapableOf|be entered
desk|table|UsedFor|sitting on
fear|contemplating|IsA|emotion
country|president|HasA|movie
inspiration|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
circus|supermarket|IsA|place or location
disneyland|garage|CapableOf|cooking
arguments|headache|MadeOf|pause
table|shelf|IsA|room
school|jar|IsA|event
desk|office|UsedFor|praying
lemur|heaven|AtLocation|in home
lamp|table|UsedFor|work
mexico|park|AtLocation|outside
desert|china|HasProperty|a location
bedroom|bank|HasProperty|mainly used for sleeping
yard|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
airport|store|IsA|item of clothing
arctic|weather|PartOf|city
shoes|dog|UsedFor|indoor activities
university|newspaper|IsA|physical tangible object
bay|river|HasProperty|human made
telephone|bar|IsA|building 
clothing|newspaper|IsA|physical item 
refrigerator|pantry|IsA|location or room
television|jar|UsedFor|eating
anxiety|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
money|knowledge|IsA|negative thing
clothing|utensils|UsedFor|to keep items
stretch|exercise|HasA|m at the beginning
fingernails|garden|IsA|bodypart
building|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
car|television|CapableOf| be held in your hand
restaurant|park|CapableOf|be eaten
house|store|IsA|item of clothing
park|jungle|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
office|house|CapableOf|have a street address
library|porch|UsedFor|cooling
apartment|pantry|IsA|object
sink|bridge|IsA|man made
happiness|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
apartment|university|IsA|location
montana|house|IsA|residential area
exercising|stretch|HasA|m at the beginning
corner|desktop|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
arizona|mexico|IsA|state
wilderness|ocean|HasProperty|human made
supermarket|change|IsA|place to be entertained
hospital|library|HasProperty|a place you can work
trouble|nature|HasProperty|an animal
cut|injury|IsA|colorful
kitchen|office|MadeOf|wood
outside|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
bubblegum|pocket|UsedFor|living
oven|pantry|HasA|empty space in it
internet|television|HasA|letter e in it
television|telephone|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
dance|conference|IsA|type of room
house|refrigerator|CapableOf|be entered
arboretum|ground|UsedFor|storing food
office|classroom|PartOf|admin role
listening|laughter|IsA|something considered as positive
cabinet|dishwasher|IsA|dish
river|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
building|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
switzerland|pennsylvania|MadeOf|rocks
sweat|stress|IsA|positive card
trees|mexico|IsA|country
street|dirt|HasA|first letter c
room|air|PartOf|food and drink
countryside|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
telephone|song|AtLocation|on/in the human body
entertaining|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
suburb|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
sink|dishwasher|HasProperty|furniture
newspaper|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
town|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
restaurant|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
bathroom|house|UsedFor|sport
computer|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
freeway|cave|IsA|business
instruction|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
library|desktop|UsedFor|viewing/reading
loft|bathtub|UsedFor|decoration
synagogue|classroom|IsA|place of learning
montana|kentucky|PartOf|america
color|thinking|IsA|physical tangible object
airport|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
food|injury|HasA|physical appearance
bowl|store|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
laugh|concert|IsA|sound
closet|television|IsA|place in a house
field|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
library|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
container|store|IsA|piece of furniture
contemplating|understanding|UsedFor|driving
safe|book|IsA|part media
thinking|discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
wall|roof|CapableOf|be found in a house
newspaper|meeting|HasA|letter e in it
injury|action|IsA|emotion
stove|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
apartment|hallway|IsA|type /part of building
table|house|UsedFor|worship
outside|gymnasium|IsA|in a home
house|library|UsedFor|borrowing books
plants|roof|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
pocket|action|HasA|function
hallway|basement|HasProperty|white
birds|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
dancing|enjoyment|IsA|activity
toilet|papers|AtLocation|home
cup|jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
cellar|field|CapableOf| be moved
india|america|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
carpet|dust|AtLocation|in a home
sky|moon|IsA|car
electricity|bedroom|UsedFor|work
cellar|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
park|roof|CapableOf|laugh
cellar|basement|CapableOf|part  of a household
forest|park|HasA|walls
hallway|library|HasProperty|able to be entered
ranch|antarctica|IsA|animal
store|meeting|CapableOf|be alive
museum|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
closet|boxes|UsedFor|storing physical things
color|information|HasProperty|a meal
throne|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
pocket|paper|IsA|building
movie|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
state|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
conference|supermarket|IsA|place or location
class|color|UsedFor|studying
kitchen|plate|HasA|empty space in it
dishes|backpack|IsA|furniture
school|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
cage|nature|MadeOf|trees
park|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
birds|action|CapableOf|tell stories
jar|cabinet|IsA|location
imagination|office|IsA|religious card
supermarket|classroom|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
driveway|montana|HasProperty|a location
ground|garden|PartOf|glass
synagogue|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
field|hole|UsedFor|cooking
suit|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
hospital|hotel|UsedFor|pleasure
bowl|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
waterfall|bridge|IsA|living/once living
cellar|basement|UsedFor|mainly sleep
game|movie|IsA|place people can meet
salad|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
anger|punishment|UsedFor|punish
instruction|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
crying|nostalgia|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
boxes|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
church|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
rock|countryside|IsA|man made thing
ocean|bridge|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
cupboard|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
pond|park|IsA|country
books|desert|IsA|american state
demonstration|blood|HasA|exterior walls
garage|garden|AtLocation|in united states
stamps|disneyland|IsA|dish
continent|wilderness|HasA|water
detroit|school|CapableOf|move freely
cave|passageway|UsedFor|a holiday
underground|wilderness|IsA|activity 
fly|pool|UsedFor|eating or drinking
newspaper|meeting|MadeOf|meet
coats|cave|IsA|place to live
temple|classroom|IsA|place to sleep
concert|lamp|UsedFor|worship
cat|garage|AtLocation|in home
motel|garage|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
mexico|outside|HasA|1 syllable  word
monastery|imagination|IsA|mental place
exchange|theater|IsA|type of room
shelf|wall|CapableOf|show you time
town|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
smiles|favors|IsA|physical emotion
drawer|pantry|IsA|furniture 
cabinet|bedroom|IsA|room (type)
canada|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
sun|sky|AtLocation|at a home
woods|forest|HasProperty|somewhere to go
cupboard|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
ground|desert|HasProperty|man made
africa|asia|IsA|continent
case|backpack|IsA|furniture
butterflies|discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
bar|homes|IsA|state in usa
water|soup|IsA|physical item 
trunk|chair|UsedFor|storing things
continent|wisconsin|HasA|water
bathroom|bank|IsA|room
desktop|paper|UsedFor|reading
sun|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
playground|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
bowl|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
head|field|IsA|place for students
school|aircraft|IsA|country
condiments|stove|CapableOf|store things
battlefield|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
briefcase|locker|IsA|place of learning
ceiling|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
disneyland|film|IsA|dish
floor|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
computer|school|UsedFor|reading and studying
heaven|lemur|UsedFor|food
opera|garden|UsedFor|work
purse|action|HasA|function
glass|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
classroom|notebook|IsA|building
cabinet|drawer|IsA|form of entertainment
depression|dream|MadeOf|wood
cabinet|museum|HasProperty|a room
rock|field|IsA|natural product or man made
office|television|AtLocation|inside a home
families|park|IsA|part of the body
suburbs|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
lamp|cave|UsedFor|a holiday
plate|microwave|IsA|something found in a household
desktop|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
tent|conference|IsA|social event
dentist|magazine|IsA|room or building
dishwasher|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
bearing|playground|UsedFor|farmers 
apartment|film|IsA|dish
apartment|carnival|IsA|place or location
bowl|toilet|IsA|furniture
garage|school|HasA|exterior walls
knowledge|controversy|IsA|negative thing
puddle|ocean|UsedFor|eating or drinking
mansion|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
library|telephone|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
town|montana|HasProperty|a location
kitchen|classroom|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
notebook|book|CapableOf|be worn
atlas|office|CapableOf|be worn
action|butterflies|IsA|emotion
couch|house|MadeOf|glass
bird|dog|IsA|a animal
ocean|cave|IsA|place to live
library|homes|IsA|place
container|disneyland|HasProperty|found below ground level
water|chicken|CapableOf|be used as transport 
church|garden|MadeOf|wood
pond|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
disneyland|container|IsA|room in a building
stadium|hotel|IsA|place of learning
picture|fox|PartOf|natural scenario
countryside|prison|IsA|proper noun
nightmares|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
churchyard|work|AtLocation|on a map
television|sleep|IsA|store items
wilderness|moon|IsA|animal or book
dinner|stamps|CapableOf|be held in your hands
skate|mind|PartOf|building
toilet|drawer|CapableOf|opened or closed
cupboard|cabinet|HasA|ceiling
cut|reflection|CapableOf|fly
bridge|city|HasA|water
garage|corner|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
trash|bag|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
table|bed|UsedFor|indoor activities
trunk|safe|UsedFor|car travel
pond|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
lamp|country|UsedFor|worship
desert|montana|UsedFor|driving 
class|church|AtLocation|in a building
house|roof|CapableOf|laugh
cabinet|microwave|IsA|form of entertainment
hospital|motel|IsA|ground where child play
table|bowl|AtLocation|in a home
house|motel|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
prison|seaside|CapableOf|be read
table|floor|IsA|1 syllable word
stove|jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
pride|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
city|china|MadeOf|sand
dancing|entertaining|IsA|associated to a positive experience
bedroom|garden|CapableOf|have people  inside
wallet|jar|HasA|function
garage|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
jail|hotel|UsedFor|sleeping in
basement|shed|CapableOf|part  of a household
store|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
remembering|knowledge|IsA|emotion
prison|wilderness|IsA|place
wings|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
lemur|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
trees|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
television|chair|HasProperty|a household item
pantry|sink|IsA|furniture
snore|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
joy|park|MadeOf|nature
desk|house|IsA|inanimate object
university|meeting|IsA|furniture
nightmares|crying|HasProperty|typically positive
ground|television|AtLocation|indoors
school|demonstration|UsedFor|packing things inside
floor|clothes|MadeOf|food
earth|montana|IsA|event
room|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
table|dishwasher|HasProperty|furniture
school|airport|CapableOf|have a street address
building|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
circus|carnival|IsA|place or location
empathy|entertaining|IsA|something considered as positive
shop|porch|IsA|room or building
classroom|atlas|IsA|building
enemies|fight|IsA|positive card
roof|windowsill|PartOf|body
cup|plate|CapableOf|cook things
magazines|newspaper|IsA|physical item 
anger|excitement|HasA|ltr p
work|shelf|AtLocation|library
library|hotel|IsA|place to live
action|revelations|UsedFor|seeking an answer
mail|box|IsA|room in a home
clothing|doctor|IsA|room or building
desk|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
dentist|table|IsA|room or building
casino|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
drinking|entertaining|IsA|verb
supermarket|tent|HasProperty|part of a human
classroom|bedroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
person|morgue|PartOf|the human body
floor|store|CapableOf|sleeping
roadway|neighborhood|IsA|state
mexico|playground|IsA|nature-related
theater|concert|UsedFor|music
town|suburb|IsA|place where you can live
garden|desert|IsA|part of nature
montana|skin|IsA|part of a human
trees|playground|UsedFor|swimming
contemplating|revelations|UsedFor|driving
fun|entertaining|IsA|verb
drawer|table|HasProperty|an object
home|airport|CapableOf|have people  inside
town|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
store|food|AtLocation|in a house
sink|fly|UsedFor|eating or drinking
valley|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
garage|hotel|IsA|building
drawer|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
refrigerator|market|IsA|sweet or savory
program|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
refrigerators|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
instruction|remembering|HasProperty|a physical item
wallet|change|UsedFor|paying for items
party|bar|IsA|device used for working
bay|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
toronto|garage|HasProperty|an animal
television|radio|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
backpack|books|IsA|object
library|telegram|HasProperty|a solid item 
countryside|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
tears|anger|UsedFor|punish
bathroom|refrigerators|CapableOf|cook
nightmares|sleeping|IsA|feeling
closet|street|MadeOf|organic brown matter
closet|basement|AtLocation|within a building's structure
bedroom|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
table|shelf|UsedFor|storage
theater|church|CapableOf|keeping cash
bathroom|kitchen|IsA|room in a property
confusion|war|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
chocolate|jar|IsA|part of the body
agreement|crying|IsA|sad emotion
warehouse|michigan|MadeOf|water
discovery|food|CapableOf|fly
outside|park|MadeOf|plastic
house|couch|UsedFor|work
shelf|wall|CapableOf|be found in a house
dishes|apartment|IsA|furniture
sky|bedroom|IsA|item of furniture
house|library|CapableOf|move
mexico|beach|IsA|place people work and live
atlas|briefcase|HasA|walls
movie|throne|UsedFor|learning
exercising|movement|CapableOf|cause injury
india|florida|IsA|proper noun
subdivision|town|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
ocean|desk|MadeOf|energy
refrigerator|wall|IsA|place to store items
desert|driveway|HasProperty|a location
fun|relaxation|IsA|form of communication
heaven|castle|CapableOf|move freely
drawer|trouble|IsA|store items
town|trees|AtLocation|outside
families|food|IsA|part of the body
love|entertaining|IsA|verb
valley|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
roof|store|HasProperty|man-made
market|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
contemplating|thinking|IsA|physical state
kitchen|desk|UsedFor|work
office|airport|CapableOf|have a street address
bearing|field|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
apartment|restaurant|IsA|building
bar|jail|HasProperty|associated with drinking
school|human|CapableOf|be lived in
cabinet|pocket|UsedFor|storage
backyard|trees|IsA|country
seattle|desert|IsA|geographic location
mountain|cage|CapableOf|fly
toilet|bridge|HasProperty|a building
bathroom|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
shelf|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
silverware|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
school|church|UsedFor|sleeping
supermarket|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
food|injury|IsA|negative emotion
school|skyscraper|CapableOf|move freely
field|tears|IsA|emotion
stamps|coffee|IsA|place
fun|inspiration|IsA|n emotion
loft|roof|UsedFor|decoration
confession|chair|UsedFor|praying
toilet|sink|HasProperty|a building
boxes|outside|IsA|room in a building
sink|bridge|CapableOf|can you drink it
garden|bedroom|IsA|object that can be held
classroom|college|IsA|object that can be held
nature|wilderness|MadeOf|trees
school|candy|IsA|part of the body
heaven|synagogue|IsA|religious card
computer|desktop|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
head|newspaper|IsA|physical tangible object
swimming|yard|IsA|animal
countryside|town|IsA|place people work and live
table|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
food|plate|IsA|  place
bowl|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
park|computer|IsA|building
injury|reflection|IsA|emotion
table|demonstration|UsedFor|student
bubblegum|action|HasA|function
store|conference|IsA|place people can visit
pot|apartment|IsA|furniture
magazine|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
lamp|ocean|UsedFor|a holiday
universe|front|HasProperty|related to children
dinner|manual|IsA|product that people buy
montana|suburb|HasProperty|a country
good|war|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
pain|nostalgia|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
cupboard|refrigerator|IsA|building
park|desert|IsA|part of nature
arboretum|apartment|IsA|type of tree
carnival|opera|HasA|ticket box usually
park|canada|AtLocation|at a party
cabinet|garden|PartOf|kitchen
heaven|lemur|UsedFor|cooking
house|mansion|IsA|large building
effort|exercise|CapableOf|cause injury
park|information|MadeOf|paper
performing|thinking|CapableOf|fly
confession|auditorium|IsA|mental place
restaurant|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
god|confession|IsA|religious card
carpet|desk|UsedFor|building the structure of house
store|bathroom|HasProperty|related to eating
space|universe|HasA|to do with planets
home|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
table|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
wedding|box|IsA|place
clock|demonstration|MadeOf|a natural material
yard|outdoors|UsedFor|children to play
house|sink|HasA|pipe system attached
refrigerator|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
opera|carnival|CapableOf|be performed
food|injury|CapableOf|fly
desk|case|IsA|form of entertainment
theater|auditorium|IsA| event
nightmares|erections|AtLocation|usually in a bed
attic|snore|HasProperty|a household item
passageway|store|IsA|place to live
trunk|closet|IsA|type of business
cupboard|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
groceries|container|MadeOf|metal
love|fun|IsA|activity
roof|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
store|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
minnesota|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
museum|apartment|IsA|room in a property
office|closet|IsA|item of clothing
unemployment|universe|IsA|place you can visit
punishment|tears|IsA|noun
like|smiles|HasProperty|an emotion
agreement|fun|IsA|physical emotion
plate|cup|UsedFor|keeping things cool
market|supermarket|CapableOf| be moved
countryside|montana|HasA|buildings in it
container|table|CapableOf|be eaten
floor|pantry|IsA|furniture 
salad|soup|IsA|vegetable 
outdoors|playground|IsA|place people work and live
school|funeral|IsA|part of the body
street|trees|IsA|natural or man made
elevator|war|CapableOf|be heard
creek|woods|MadeOf|trees
country|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
ceiling|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
room|rug|AtLocation|inside a person's home
town|theater|IsA|part of a human
classroom|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
backyard|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
sink|house|CapableOf|can you drink it
store|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
windowsill|desert|IsA|vacation destination
fear|discovery|IsA|colorful
cupboard|cellar|IsA|food
container|cup|IsA|piece of furniture
field|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
playground|forest|CapableOf|be part of a house
box|television|IsA|public building
hospital|cave|IsA|public place
supermarket|cabinet|HasA|roof
detroit|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
skyscraper|couch|PartOf|house 
knowledge|meeting|HasA|screen
basement|garage|IsA|room (type)
playground|backyard|UsedFor|children to play
closet|windowsill|AtLocation|in the sky
building|theater|UsedFor|reading
city|aquarium|HasProperty|human made
table|jar|UsedFor|keeping things cool
stove|refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
case|box|UsedFor|eating
australia|countryside|IsA|place
minnesota|state|IsA|part of a municipality
closet|kitchen|AtLocation|public area
synagogue|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
discipline|movement|AtLocation|on the body
bar|street|AtLocation|inside a house
light|attic|IsA|piece of furniture
restaurant|disneyland|HasProperty|found in the garden
stretch|exercising|HasProperty|usually fast
store|hospital|UsedFor|a holiday
building|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
countryside|town|IsA|nation
lemur|field|UsedFor|cooking
beach|trees|IsA|nature-related
hotel|city|HasProperty|a workplace
outdoors|ballpark|IsA|place or location
store|roof|IsA|part of nature
garden|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
kitchen|roof|IsA|place to sleep
cupboard|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
clothing|clothes|UsedFor|to keep items
neighborhood|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
beer|bar|UsedFor|storing things in
desktop|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
bay|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
basement|building|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
hallway|ground|IsA|car
nightmares|remembering|IsA|emotion
cage|beach|IsA|living thing
toilet|house|HasA|pipe system attached
loft|store|CapableOf|sleep on it
crying|sleep|MadeOf|wood
countryside|town|MadeOf|sand
silverware|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
fun|street|IsA|place to pray
valley|bedroom|IsA|business that serves food
jail|home|CapableOf|store
shelf|table|CapableOf|be opened
universe|orbit|AtLocation|public area
dancing|suicide|IsA|emotion
airplane|school|CapableOf|be lived in
office|bedroom|IsA|study room
garage|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
playground|trees|CapableOf|be part of a house
beer|container|MadeOf|metal
container|plate|IsA|type of food
porch|library|IsA|physical item 
floor|dust|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
papers|desktop|AtLocation|home
floor|home|CapableOf|store
cup|container|HasA|empty space in it
color|head|HasProperty|related to studying
salad|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
film|drawer|IsA|form of entertainment
bed|table|UsedFor|reading
satisfaction|relaxation|IsA|action
town|theater|UsedFor|buying food
bubblegum|casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
snore|television|HasProperty|a household item
chair|floor|UsedFor|sitting on
book|television|IsA|place for students
office|corner|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
floor|clothing|IsA|wooden object 
valley|town|UsedFor|driving on or over
knowledge|pain|IsA|negative thing
apartment|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
soup|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
room|rug|IsA|type of building
bed|closet|AtLocation|on the map
army|control|IsA|object/thing
money|change|CapableOf|be held in your hands
florida|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
condiments|refrigerator|IsA|  place
park|cleanliness|CapableOf|happiness
encyclopedia|meeting|IsA|part media
manual|books|IsA|place
porch|kitchen|IsA|building
house|palace|HasA|exterior walls
playground|yard|CapableOf|be man made
forest|cage|MadeOf|trees
library|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
table|bowl|IsA|something you eat off
discovery|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
utensils|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
television|class|IsA|place for students
snore|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
california|louisiana|IsA|us state
erections|sweat|AtLocation|usually in a bed
field|oven|HasProperty|edible
loft|cellar|CapableOf|part  of a household
store|floor|UsedFor|to keep items
drawer|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
university|library|IsA|building
film|stamps|IsA|dish
trees|swamp|AtLocation|below
desktop|field|HasProperty|edible
classroom|mansion|UsedFor| gathering together
chair|attic|IsA|place
garden|park|PartOf|glass
sky|airport|IsA|item of furniture
drawer|table|IsA|wooden object 
television|bar|HasProperty|a room
inspiration|instruction|IsA|negative thing
countryside|desert|IsA|1 syllable word
groceries|bar|HasA|plug or power source
conference|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
continent|ocean|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
pride|satisfaction|IsA|verb
countryside|building|IsA|place you visit often
house|wilderness|IsA|place or location to visit
internet|wedding|HasProperty|alive
porch|trash|IsA|place to make food
container|store|IsA|school supply
alcohol|bar|UsedFor|eating or drinking
india|florida|IsA|place
classroom|kitchen|IsA|specific part of a structure
school|house|HasProperty|a type of building
store|supermarket|UsedFor|purchasing edible items
bottle|pot|IsA|type of business
roof|wall|IsA|place to store items
supermarket|home|HasA|door
cabinet|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
synagogue|montana|IsA|home
kitchen|container|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
chair|desk|UsedFor|sitting on
corner|lamp|IsA|n electronic device
coats|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
street|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
trouble|toronto|AtLocation|in home
desktop|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
plate|lasagna|UsedFor|dinner
performing|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
suffering|anger|HasA|punish
trees|outdoors|IsA|nature-related
canada|sun|IsA|concept or place
seattle|sahara|IsA|geographic location
thinking|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
conference|garage|IsA|human or part of human
trunk|shelf|HasA|door
den|bathroom|CapableOf|be moved around
concert|bedroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
carpet|floor|HasProperty|furniture in a house
church|bedroom|IsA|type of room
reflection|pride|IsA|emotion
snore|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
wedding|wood|IsA|place or location
sunbathers|street|IsA|vacation destination
table|shelf|CapableOf|be found in a house
classroom|conference|UsedFor|putting on a show
furniture|trouble|IsA|place
africa|world|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
den|bathroom|HasA|door
sink|bottle|UsedFor|storage 
knowledge|pain|PartOf|mental disorder
speaker|microwave|CapableOf|plug into the wall
convention|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
cut|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
house|jar|MadeOf|organic material
office|cabinet|IsA|place where students learn
australia|america|IsA|place
bed|skyscraper|PartOf|house 
warehouse|storage|AtLocation|in united states
restaurant|toilet|UsedFor|storing things inside
cup|food|CapableOf|cook things
table|soup|IsA|location
town|buildings|UsedFor|living inside of
cut|discovery|IsA|colorful
palace|mansion|IsA|type of building
plate|table|AtLocation|in a house
restaurant|house|IsA|room in a property
front|universe|UsedFor|containing objects
bathroom|conference|IsA|location
trouble|bedroom|IsA|animal
desk|office|IsA|building
yard|desert|IsA|state
computer|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
desktop|table|IsA|necessity for education
enemies|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
instruction|crying|IsA|emotion
contemplating|discovery|CapableOf|fly
thinking|information|IsA|part media
court|gymnasium|IsA|in a home
dishes|sink|IsA|furniture
moon|toilet|HasProperty|a building
bedroom|opera|UsedFor|work
cinema|opera|HasProperty|alive
body|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
field|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
passageway|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
toronto|snore|IsA|animal
staircase|cellar|IsA|type of building
restaurant|movie|AtLocation|in a building
beach|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
disneyland|park|IsA|place
toronto|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
refrigerator|porch|IsA|building
restaurant|love|IsA|country
discipline|exercising|HasA|m at the beginning
refrigerator|outside|MadeOf|wood
chair|vase|CapableOf|be held with one hand
school|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
bedroom|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
bedroom|kitchen|IsA|type /part of building
shed|cellar|CapableOf|part  of a household
conference|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
warehouse|shed|IsA|structure or building
conference|forest|IsA|inanimate object
forest|garden|CapableOf|be part of a house
food|restaurant|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
desert|valley|IsA|natural thing
contemplating|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
apartment|store|IsA|food
himalayas|mountain|MadeOf|rocks
kitchen|garden|UsedFor|storage
garbage|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
michigan|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
apartment|university|UsedFor|reading and studying
performing|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
dust|attic|AtLocation|in the sky
loft|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
theater|office|IsA|type of room
field|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
computer|table|UsedFor|student
lamp|television|AtLocation|inside someone's home
field|cage|IsA|animal
safe|trunk|CapableOf|be lived in
shelf|plate|CapableOf|be purchased
sink|water|IsA|physical item 
home|bathroom|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
cabinet|apartment|HasProperty|furniture
porch|magazine|CapableOf|store
pool|street|UsedFor|eating or drinking
mind|war|IsA|action
desktop|library|HasProperty|used for learning
library|meeting|IsA|something kept a home
manual|room|PartOf|food and drink
glass|snow|IsA|vacation destination
cellar|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bowl|trash|IsA|building
ocean|water|UsedFor|link between places
kitchen|desk|UsedFor|cooking
dinner|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
briefcase|locker|UsedFor|storage
stamps|table|UsedFor|storage
trash|mouse|IsA|furniture
kitchen|bathtub|UsedFor|reading
bar|hospital|IsA|list of alphabets
porch|beach|UsedFor|serving food
suburbs|town|HasProperty|a location
container|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
money|jar|CapableOf|be held in your hands
store|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
roof|store|IsA|part of nature
sky|wall|IsA|item of furniture
apartment|opera|UsedFor| gathering together
books|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
sweat|anger|IsA|positive card
field|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
stove|refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
inside|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
park|canada|MadeOf|fiber
fear|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
plants|outside|UsedFor|throwing
cinema|wedding|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
england|city|AtLocation|on a map
clouds|ground|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
sleep|cat|HasProperty|a household item
birds|castle|PartOf|house 
nature|bed|HasProperty|an animal
classroom|funeral|MadeOf|wood
government|city|AtLocation|on map
entertaining|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
hotel|jail|UsedFor|sleeping in
dishwasher|desk|IsA|something found in a household
persia|place|HasA|legs
garden|factory|CapableOf|work
town|bedroom|IsA|business that serves food
computer|program|UsedFor|worship
pond|park|IsA|place to grow plants
crying|communication|UsedFor|manifesting joy
field|washington|IsA|object
disneyland|sahara|HasProperty|associated with the environment
shelf|house|UsedFor|storage
school|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
restaurant|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
apartment|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
driveway|house|HasProperty|a location
pot|liquid|UsedFor|drinking 
house|concert|UsedFor|work
demonstration|corner|IsA|type /part of building
cupboard|jar|AtLocation|in a kitchen
restaurant|homes|UsedFor|punishing people
ceiling|work|MadeOf|wood
indiana|california|UsedFor|work
drawer|sleep|IsA|store items
wall|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
michigan|building|UsedFor|generating products or plants
closet|rug|UsedFor|indoor activities
enemies|death|HasA|physical element
market|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
air|park|PartOf|house
town|convention|IsA|house where man live
hole|lemur|IsA|country
school|castle|CapableOf|move freely
cage|russia|IsA|animal
bowl|refrigerator|IsA|place to make food
drawer|case|IsA|something you eat off
depression|nightmares|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
corner|telephone|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
minnesota|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
cut|pride|CapableOf|cause pain
opera|conference|IsA|place or location
apartment|field|CapableOf| be moved
cabinet|stamps|UsedFor|storage
austria|switzerland|MadeOf|rocks
shop|telephone|IsA|building
nightmares|controversy|IsA|positive thing
desk|pocket|IsA|necessity for education
factory|school|IsA|type of building
closet|shed|IsA|structure or building
house|car|CapableOf|be entered
floor|bed|HasProperty|an animal
creek|forest|IsA|natural thing
communication|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
room|dinner|IsA|product that people buy
supermarket|families|IsA|event
box|park|UsedFor|eating
crying|remembering|PartOf|mental disorder
cottage|ground|HasA|outdoor scenery
classroom|mansion|HasProperty|alive
sunshine|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
house|school|IsA|animal or book
chair|light|IsA|piece of furniture
desktop|field|HasProperty|made of wood
arguments|cleanliness|MadeOf|pause
flowers|anthology|IsA|something kept at home
groceries|beer|UsedFor|storing things in
library|house|IsA|ground where child play
backyard|playground|CapableOf|be man made
table|desk|UsedFor|sitting on
alabama|arkansas|HasA|start with a
desk|pocket|UsedFor|viewing/reading
kitchen|kitchens|IsA|type of food
ground|roof|IsA|stone
table|exchange|IsA|type of room
seaside|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
forest|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
water|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
refrigerators|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
jar|supermarket|IsA|place to be entertained
drawer|home|CapableOf|store
corporation|control|CapableOf|place
windowsill|ground|PartOf|glass
beach|desert|IsA|place
movies|television|IsA|part of the body
garage|warehouse|UsedFor|generating products or plants
toilet|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
river|bay|AtLocation|inland
radio|silence|AtLocation|on/in the human body
skin|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
garden|trees|UsedFor|children to play
knowledge|remembering|PartOf|mental disorder
safe|field|IsA|place to study
air|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
refrigerator|plate|IsA|type of food
countryside|desert|IsA|animal
mexico|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
attic|dust|AtLocation|in the sky
field|punch|HasA|punish
injury|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
sleep|snore|AtLocation|in home
theater|cinema|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
bed|sleep|IsA|place
house|mouse|IsA|room
storage|michigan|MadeOf|water
door|corner|MadeOf|wood
microwave|computer|IsA|physical and movable item
telephone|office|IsA|building 
table|computer|IsA|building
ocean|passageway|UsedFor|a holiday
warehouse|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
refrigerator|market|IsA|type of room in houses
change|supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
classroom|ceiling|IsA|specific part of a structure
excavation|beaver|UsedFor|driving 
computer|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
field|tears|HasA|punish
party|room|UsedFor|driving
hospital|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
homes|school|UsedFor|free
confusion|germany|PartOf|building
books|information|UsedFor|reading
apartment|skin|HasProperty|an event
refrigerators|plate|HasA|empty space in it
boat|wisconsin|HasProperty|human made
closet|ground|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
california|australia|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
office|house|HasProperty|a type of building
theater|tent|IsA|commercial browser
library|university|IsA|building
suburb|suburbs|HasA|buildings in it
rosebush|california|PartOf|house
doctor|human|CapableOf|promote health
laughter|like|IsA|verb
porch|bedroom|CapableOf|move people
street|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
outdoors|forest|HasA|walls
bedroom|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
kitchens|kitchen|IsA|type of food
monastery|confession|IsA|mental place
families|park|UsedFor|eating
disneyland|table|IsA|piece of furniture
town|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
dishes|pantry|CapableOf|be used for school
bar|container|MadeOf|metal
drawer|floor|IsA|place
bathroom|elevator|PartOf|building
morgue|school|HasA|exterior walls
attic|clouds|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
synagogue|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
classroom|apartment|UsedFor|student
pride|relaxation|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
party|car|CapableOf|be entered
pocket|chair|CapableOf|be held with one hand
closet|garage|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
chocolate|candy|UsedFor|eating
agreement|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
shed|basement|IsA|place
heaven|bank|MadeOf|paper
summer|desert|HasProperty|hot
cabinet|map|IsA|building
montana|earth|HasProperty|an event
airport|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
office|boat|IsA|ceremony
river|street|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
wall|passageway|HasA|airplanes
container|food|IsA|  place
refrigerator|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
motel|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
england|indiana|IsA|country or state name
space|vacuum|PartOf|wood
performing|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
supermarket|tent|HasProperty|an event
cabinet|pot|CapableOf|be used with a computer
arizona|texas|AtLocation|labeled on a map
apartment|ground|IsA|looks like house
condiments|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
thinking|discovery|IsA|physical state
apartment|boat|UsedFor|reading
pocket|key|IsA|thing you have on person
concert|desktop|UsedFor|work
salad|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
bed|car|AtLocation|on the map
montana|body|IsA|place
lamp|microwave|AtLocation|in office blocks
desktop|lamp|AtLocation|inside someone's home
automobile|trunk|HasProperty|easily movable
happiness|excitement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
candle|rain|IsA|car
jail|apartment|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
street|car|PartOf|house
mountain|box|IsA|living thing
store|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
apartment|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
program|church|UsedFor|work
restaurant|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
ocean|closet|UsedFor|a holiday
telephone|song|IsA|tv show
england|computer|AtLocation|on a map
greenhouse|park|AtLocation|inside a home
television|radio|IsA|tv show
heaven|chair|IsA|place of religion
soup|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
montana|beaver|UsedFor|digging 
chair|desk|IsA|item of furniture
town|yard|UsedFor|transportation
conference|briefcase|IsA|school supply
battle|drugs|UsedFor|to get a degree
library|inside|CapableOf|move
chair|church|IsA|mental place
garden|town|HasA|properties of any kind
cottage|village|HasProperty|in a cold climate
dictionary|manual|CapableOf|be held with one hand
house|office|CapableOf|have a street address
table|vase|CapableOf|be held with one hand
workplace|school|UsedFor|free
book|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
field|meeting|IsA|place to study
university|field|UsedFor|studying
sunbathers|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
security|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
refrigerator|house|CapableOf|be entered
rug|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
wedding|entertainment|AtLocation|on a map
garage|basement|HasProperty|a place where people sing
morgue|person|PartOf|the human body
pride|action|CapableOf|cause pain
notebook|pocket|IsA|building
fear|birds|IsA|colorful
ocean|beach|UsedFor|serving food
lightning|food|IsA|colorful
money|key|CapableOf|hold objects
enjoyment|excitement|IsA|verb
cellar|person|IsA|type of building
hospital|passageway|HasA|airplanes
closet|passageway|UsedFor|a holiday
glass|pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
michigan|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
utensils|case|IsA|furniture
store|room|IsA|building
plants|park|UsedFor|throwing
stairs|bathtub|CapableOf|sleep on it
subdivision|neighborhood|IsA|place where you can live
countryside|town|AtLocation|outside
suburbs|house|CapableOf|be parked on
shed|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
library|office|HasProperty|able to be entered
bathtub|street|IsA|bodypart
internet|book|CapableOf|be alive
bathtub|furniture|IsA|type of building
pot|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
suicide|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
cabinet|refrigerator|UsedFor|storage of physical items
cupboard|supermarket|IsA|food
cabinet|map|HasA|walls
convention|synagogue|IsA|planet
book|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
computer|garage|UsedFor|storing things inside
discovery|fear|CapableOf|fly
airport|bathroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
restaurant|table|UsedFor|work
kitchen|garage|CapableOf|storing food
pride|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
skin|wedding|IsA|house where man live
church|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
floor|shelf|IsA|1 syllable word
cellar|restaurant|CapableOf|be opened/closed
garden|cabinet|UsedFor|writing in
color|safe|UsedFor|studying
blood|death|PartOf|the human body
office|hotel|IsA|place to live
sloth|stream|CapableOf|be read
cup|kitchen|HasProperty|used for meals
city|beaver|IsA|country
house|apartment|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
groceries|closet|IsA|type of business
nightmares|sleeping|IsA|physical object
attic|cellar|UsedFor|mainly sleep
wedding|apartment|UsedFor|putting on a show
homes|restaurant|HasProperty|child friendly
laughter|drinking|IsA|activity
stove|food|CapableOf|be found in a house
michigan|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
silverware|bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
restaurants|refrigerator|CapableOf|be entered
cabinet|nails|IsA|place people can visit
backpack|michigan|IsA|furniture
ground|roof|PartOf|body
floor|loft|UsedFor|decoration
toilet|desktop|AtLocation|at home
bedroom|television|IsA|building
apartment|mansion|IsA|location
wilderness|countryside|HasProperty|in or is a building
elevator|person|CapableOf|be performed
sleep|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
woods|television|AtLocation|in a building
battle|school|IsA|country
nightmares|sweat|CapableOf|hurt
teaching|satisfaction|IsA|negative feeling or expression
skyscraper|couch|UsedFor|travel
heaven|couch|UsedFor|travel
demonstration|classroom|UsedFor|learning
river|sea|HasProperty|human made
river|pond|HasProperty|human made
hotel|office|IsA|place
instruction|inspiration|IsA|positive thing
closet|orbit|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
dinner|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
newspaper|television|AtLocation|in a store
rock|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
forest|weather|IsA|popular attraction
restaurant|church|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
roof|field|IsA|natural product or man made
food|candy|CapableOf|be eaten
canada|garden|AtLocation|outside
enjoyment|drinking|IsA|verb
church|cellar|AtLocation|within a building's structure
dishwasher|drawer|IsA|furniture 
store|table|UsedFor|storage
cupboard|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
theater|exchange|IsA|room in a house
motion|exercise|HasProperty|tiring
demonstration|computer|IsA|pencil
shelf|table|IsA|room
restaurant|television|IsA|event
confession|synagogue|IsA|religious card
park|food|IsA|part of the body
dust|ground|CapableOf|show films
countryside|building|IsA|place to grow plants
windowsill|carpet|AtLocation|in the sky
pond|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
wings|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
teacher|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
microwave|company|AtLocation|library
battle|jail|IsA|place
house|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
dream|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
briefcase|map|HasA|walls
automobile|car|CapableOf|move people
excavation|desert|IsA|country
windowsill|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
pantry|stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
church|meeting|HasA|person stood at the front
ocean|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
confession|ocean|UsedFor|praying
clothing|drawer|CapableOf|store
floor|roof|UsedFor|building the structure of house
toilet|moon|HasA|pipe system attached
paper|desktop|HasA|walls
apartment|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
tears|suffering|IsA|emotion
park|sun|HasProperty|hot
anger|battle|IsA|positive card
glass|backpack|IsA|furniture
office|apartment|HasProperty|able to be entered
cat|floor|HasProperty|an animal
sleep|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
windowsill|dust|AtLocation|in a home
movies|universe|HasProperty|something you can touch
basement|boxes|HasProperty|found below ground level
ocean|fly|IsA|physical item 
internet|car|CapableOf| be held in your hand
people|auditorium|IsA|n item of furniture
rosebush|canada|IsA|outdoor location
pantry|container|HasProperty|a beverage
store|church|IsA|thing you have on person
synagogue|earth|IsA|event
shed|trunk|IsA|room in a home
store|house|CapableOf|have a street address
hotel|freeway|IsA|public place
magazine|bed|UsedFor|cooling
bar|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
restaurant|wallet|UsedFor|storage
disneyland|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
book|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
playground|garden|CapableOf|be man made
conference|cinema|UsedFor| gathering together
skin|town|IsA|house where man live
concert|human|UsedFor|recreation activity
embarrassment|sorrow|IsA|negative thing
refrigerator|oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
freeway|australia|CapableOf|be read
program|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
manual|jail|PartOf|food and drink
shelf|vase|UsedFor|holding things
backyard|outdoors|IsA|nation
office|kitchen|HasProperty|a public place
jail|apartment|IsA|building
boxes|container|UsedFor|cooking
furniture|garage|PartOf|house
cabinet|sugar|IsA|room
human|doctor|UsedFor|to get a degree
room|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
water|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
table|cupboard|CapableOf|be found in a house
university|class|HasProperty|related to studying
car|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
cow|switzerland|IsA|animal
skyscraper|homes|UsedFor|travel
ocean|bus|AtLocation|in your company
cinema|town|UsedFor| gathering together
cage|bank|AtLocation|in home
wedding|conference|IsA|planet
beer|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
countryside|commercial|IsA|animal or book
bubblegum|key|CapableOf|hold objects
television|woods|AtLocation|in a building
trouble|control|CapableOf|make you do something
sun|loft|CapableOf|move location
pantry|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
shelf|stomach|HasProperty|edible
greenhouse|house|HasA|green plant
newspaper|television|MadeOf|meet
oven|plate|HasProperty|used for meals
apartment|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
bank|bedroom|IsA|room
water|pool|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
store|product|HasProperty|used at meal time
store|supermarket|CapableOf| be moved
furniture|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
school|homes|HasProperty|visited by tourists
roof|kitchen|IsA|specific part of a structure
kitchen|furniture|MadeOf|wood
box|container|IsA|room in a home
australia|lemur|UsedFor|cooking
warehouse|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
countryside|building|CapableOf|be part of a house
ocean|passageway|UsedFor|reading books
demonstration|assessment|CapableOf|make a sound
house|roadway|IsA|state
remembering|money|IsA|negative thing
water|moon|HasProperty|white
heaven|monastery|UsedFor|praying
kitchens|can|HasProperty|a beverage
garden|greenhouse|HasA|head
tropics|desert|IsA|big space
book|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
speaker|television|CapableOf|plug into the wall
meeting|movie|IsA|place people can meet
party|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
supermarket|cupboard|HasA|ceiling
balloon|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
dancing|love|IsA|verb
garden|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
library|restaurant|IsA|place you could sleep in
cabinet|cupboard|HasA|ceiling
oven|bedroom|HasProperty|edible
water|car|PartOf|house
thinking|pride|IsA|negative emotion
church|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
shed|bag|IsA|room in a home
building|wall|HasA|airplanes
encyclopedia|knowledge|IsA|part media
dog|closet|AtLocation|on the map
sea|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
playground|pond|CapableOf|be man made
disneyland|house|IsA|room in a building
confession|opera|HasA|ticket box usually
internet|wedding|HasProperty|a gathering place
montana|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
trouble|government|IsA|book
bowl|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
church|lamp|UsedFor|work
dentist|clothing|IsA|room or building
temple|roof|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
detroit|heaven|CapableOf|move freely
book|encyclopedia|IsA|physical tangible object
school|countryside|IsA|place
office|telephone|HasProperty|a property 
russia|field|MadeOf|paper
candy|food|CapableOf|be eaten
garden|ground|HasProperty|found in a home
porch|pot|IsA|building
love|agreement|IsA|negative feeling
nature|forest|HasProperty|2 syllables
class|university|UsedFor|learning
glass|chicken|IsA|physical item 
demonstration|death|HasA|exterior walls
candy|chocolate|IsA|event
rock|village|HasA|outdoor scenery
michigan|town|IsA|building
glass|table|HasA|edible items for sale
oven|silverware|HasProperty|made of wood
chairs|floor|UsedFor|furnishing a house
drugstore|roof|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
change|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
city|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
table|onions|IsA|location or room
home|airport|IsA|room or building
shelf|dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
desert|forest|IsA|1 syllable word
shower|shelf|HasA|door
stove|cup|AtLocation|in a house
dancing|favors|IsA|verb
bathroom|airport|AtLocation|mostly inside
dishwasher|table|AtLocation|on the map
wires|bar|IsA|list of alphabets
building|apartment|IsA|ceremony
backyard|mexico|AtLocation|outside
ground|apartment|IsA|looks like house
death|desires|PartOf|human body
boxes|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
bathroom|hallway|UsedFor|car repair
pot|can|MadeOf|metal
government|control|CapableOf|place
florida|countryside|CapableOf|be read
restaurant|workplace|UsedFor|punishing people
trunk|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
drugstore|roof|CapableOf|move location
trash|street|UsedFor|farmers 
dancing|entertaining|IsA|activity
store|homes|AtLocation|indoors
map|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
arguments|boredom|CapableOf|be physically touched
workplace|church|UsedFor|free
case|box|UsedFor|storage
nature|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
refrigerator|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
love|excitement|IsA|verb
sunbathers|sea|IsA|vacation destination
sleep|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
airplane|birds|UsedFor|travel
bed|boat|IsA|place or location
audience|internet|IsA|location
porch|newspaper|UsedFor|sleeping in
house|room|IsA|product that people buy
australia|russia|IsA|country
airplane|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
montana|town|HasProperty|an event
attic|dust|HasProperty|found inside a house
couch|home|PartOf|house 
wall|work|AtLocation|library
forest|countryside|HasProperty|man made
stomach|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
street|closet|MadeOf|organic brown matter
france|underground|IsA|home
factory|garden|CapableOf|work
desert|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
wall|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
speaker|clock|IsA|inanimate object
apartment|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
desk|table|IsA|something found in a household
jar|nails|IsA|location
tile|kitchen|IsA|building
song|choir|HasA|sound
thinking|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
office|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
paper|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
table|clothes|HasProperty|an object
pocket|encyclopedia|UsedFor|viewing/reading
dishwasher|disneyland|IsA|dish
city|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
playground|park|HasA|properties of any kind
groceries|can|IsA|place for entertainment
money|casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
computer|bar|HasProperty|a room
street|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
television|book|IsA|place
workplace|school|UsedFor|a gathering of people
forest|weather|IsA|brand
bathroom|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
body|church|IsA|house where man live
store|excavation|IsA|location
trunk|pantry|UsedFor|storing things in
field|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
detroit|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
meeting|library|IsA|something kept a home
restaurant|building|IsA|country
bed|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
restaurant|store|IsA|type of room
garbage|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
church|homes|IsA|state in usa
stream|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
wings|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
palace|garage|HasA|exterior walls
forest|outdoors|IsA|country
wilderness|countryside|HasProperty|2 syllables
ceiling|work|AtLocation|library
vacuum|space|PartOf|wood
key|wallet|IsA|thing you have on person
apartment|mansion|UsedFor|putting on a show
porch|school|IsA|object
bedroom|oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
valley|sky|IsA|natural thing
countryside|valley|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
pot|bowl|CapableOf|be used with a computer
pond|backyard|IsA|nation
table|kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
porch|jail|UsedFor|studying in
television|microwave|AtLocation|in office blocks
street|sky|IsA|car
drawer|desk|MadeOf|wood
oven|table|HasProperty|used for meals
tent|town|HasProperty|an event
university|class|HasA|person stood at the front
bread|clouds|IsA|product that people buy
backyard|outside|IsA|part of a house
chicken|medium|IsA|physical item 
water|toilet|PartOf|kitchen
bowl|toilet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
trunk|car|UsedFor|storage
building|steakhouse|IsA|us state
fun|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
cellar|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
box|plate|MadeOf|wood
town|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
depression|nostalgia|IsA|emotion
skyscraper|home|CapableOf|move freely
shelf|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
wings|school|PartOf|house 
kitchen|glass|IsA|furniture
government|corporation|CapableOf|place
auditorium|theater|IsA| event
jail|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
salad|field|CapableOf|be sweet
theater|church|IsA|place
car|university|PartOf|house
sunshine|disneyland|HasProperty|hot
food|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
attic|closet|PartOf|house
sailboat|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
battlefield|garage|PartOf|the human body
roof|windowsill|CapableOf|laugh
crying|love|IsA|emotion
school|families|CapableOf|be eaten
bag|shed|IsA|room in a home
injuries|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
beach|mountain|CapableOf|fly
house|roof|IsA|a animal
garage|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
table|condiments|HasProperty|used for meals
refrigerator|jail|IsA|product that people buy
peanuts|barn|UsedFor|travel
snore|television|IsA|store items
dust|windowsill|AtLocation|in a home
president|country|CapableOf|place
forest|countryside|CapableOf|be part of a house
pot|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
opera|apartment|IsA|social event
closet|building|IsA|item of clothing
floor|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
kitchen|bar|HasProperty|for buying things
oven|table|HasA|edible items for sale
library|porch|IsA|room or building
contemplating|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
church|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
hotel|passageway|IsA|item of clothing
glass|garage|CapableOf|be used as transport 
refrigerator|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
lightning|injury|HasA|physical appearance
outdoors|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
attic|building|AtLocation|in united states
shower|trunk|HasA|door
death|dreams|IsA|feeling
wedding|jar|IsA|part of the body
cage|wilderness|UsedFor|holding animals
newspaper|library|CapableOf|store
bridge|highway|HasProperty|made by humans
countryside|valley|MadeOf|trees
store|closet|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
plate|refrigerator|IsA|type of room in houses
desktop|wall|IsA|place to store items
casino|church|IsA|thing you have on person
cupboard|case|MadeOf|plastic
yard|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
container|pocket|UsedFor|carrying things
forest|outdoors|HasA|walls
assessment|demonstration|PartOf|body
skin|church|IsA|place
oven|glass|HasProperty|edible
train|ground|HasProperty|in a cold climate
carpet|ground|IsA|place you can go
table|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
hairbrush|airplane|IsA|place to sleep
depression|controversy|IsA|something a baby could have
chicken|garage|CapableOf|be used as transport 
bathroom|bedroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
valley|woods|IsA|natural thing
rock|woods|IsA|living/once living
war|germany|IsA|action
good|skate|CapableOf|be heard
synagogue|montana|UsedFor|camping
briefcase|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
nebraska|bedroom|IsA|business that serves food
attic|cabinet|IsA|room (type)
city|town|HasProperty|a country
sink|kitchen|IsA|furniture
love|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
suit|clothing|UsedFor|wearing
sun|moon|HasProperty|white
cup|dishwasher|UsedFor|indoor activities
water|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
michigan|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
apartment|furniture|MadeOf|wood
medium|soup|UsedFor|transportation
cabinet|case|MadeOf|plastic
garden|warehouse|AtLocation|in united states
food|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
town|city|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
apartment|computer|IsA|building
mouse|dishwasher|CapableOf|be used with a computer
moon|universe|IsA|animal or book
pot|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
aggression|defeat|IsA|positive card
notebook|notes|CapableOf|move
inside|notes|CapableOf|move
drugstore|loft|AtLocation|in your room
listening|entertaining|IsA|associated to a positive experience
cinema|buildings|UsedFor| gathering together
airport|desk|UsedFor|cooking
toronto|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
skyscraper|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
doctor|airport|CapableOf|store
fight|battle|HasA|physical element
condiments|oven|HasA|empty space in it
restaurant|pot|IsA|furniture
playground|yard|IsA|place people work and live
garden|playground|CapableOf|be man made
stove|cup|HasA|store edible items
attic|ground|IsA|place for clothes
india|forest|CapableOf|be read
dream|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
jail|dentist|IsA|physical item 
desktop|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
hallway|churchyard|IsA|country or state
canada|backyard|AtLocation|outside
cupboard|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
bridge|mountains|IsA|living/once living
backyard|town|IsA|nature-related
club|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
case|stamps|IsA|something you eat off
countryside|mountains|HasProperty|somewhere to go
cat|drawer|IsA|store items
television|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
car|manual|PartOf|food and drink
hallway|classroom|IsA|room in a property
agreement|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
dictionary|cage|IsA|place
europe|game|IsA|place people can meet
glass|water|IsA|physical item 
stress|confusion|IsA|five-letter word
automobile|trunk|CapableOf|store a car
apartment|opera|IsA|place
windowsill|sunbathers|IsA|place
church|jail|HasA|usually have people inside
outdoors|nature|HasProperty|2 syllables
montana|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
butterflies|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
forest|park|IsA|animal
jellyfish|information|CapableOf|be alive
bag|closet|IsA|room in a home
food|chocolate|CapableOf|be eaten
atlas|book|HasA|walls
table|bed|IsA|room or building
wallet|restaurant|IsA|dish
tennessee|louisiana|IsA|state in uk
carpet|wedding|HasProperty|furniture in a house
street|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
house|bedroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
television|silence|AtLocation|on/in the human body
book|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
seaside|australia|CapableOf|be read
cat|toronto|AtLocation|in home
shop|magazines|CapableOf|store
plate|pantry|HasA|empty space in it
bird|stream|IsA|1 syllable word
kitchen|pantry|AtLocation|indoors
countryside|florida|CapableOf|be read
jail|porch|UsedFor|studying in
laughter|listening|IsA|activity
tree|boat|IsA|place or location
tent|montana|UsedFor|buying food
homes|library|IsA|place
mail|trunk|IsA|room in a home
electricity|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
california|garage|HasProperty|where someone can live
factory|storage|CapableOf|be made with bricks
porch|apartment|IsA|furniture
electricity|desktop|MadeOf|wood
bedroom|roof|HasA|doors
apartment|garage|UsedFor|storing things inside
trash|bearing|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
building|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
crowd|city|CapableOf|have people physically in it
yard|mountains|IsA|living/once living
bed|party|AtLocation|on the map
groceries|bar|MadeOf|metal
bowl|food|IsA|tableware
table|school|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
jail|party|IsA|product that people buy
canada|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
plate|movie|IsA|something found in a household
ground|rock|IsA|man made thing
microwave|case|IsA|piece of furniture
garage|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
universe|space|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
city|boat|HasA|water
regret|fun|IsA|mental state
plate|table|CapableOf|store things
movies|families|IsA|place
skin|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
field|head|HasProperty|related to studying
bathroom|motel|HasProperty|a place where people sing
concert|opera|HasA|ticket box usually
street|car|IsA|place to pray
outdoors|garden|UsedFor|swimming
entertaining|enjoyment|IsA|something considered as positive
knowledge|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
church|skin|IsA|house where man live
closet|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
home|bedroom|IsA|type /part of building
town|desert|IsA|state
seaside|prison|IsA|place
skin|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
house|bedroom|HasA|bed for sleeping
embarrassment|nostalgia|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
desert|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
yard|skyscraper|AtLocation|in your company
ocean|puddle|UsedFor|eating or drinking
closet|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
show|human|UsedFor|recreation activity
garden|beach|IsA|country
church|chair|IsA|mental place
seattle|disneyland|IsA|shoe
floor|bed|UsedFor|reading 
bedroom|church|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
forest|canada|AtLocation|outside
pizza|kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
store|park|CapableOf|be alive
cupboard|attic|UsedFor|cooking
universe|drink|IsA|animal or book
laughter|listening|IsA|something considered as positive
classroom|library|CapableOf|have people go inside
sink|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
love|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
landfill|street|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
pot|beer|UsedFor|storing things in
skin|earth|HasProperty|an event
river|aquarium|IsA|somewhere animals swim
groceries|container|IsA|place for entertainment
wings|human|CapableOf|move freely
room|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
room|home|UsedFor|standing on
garden|countryside|HasA|walls
library|office|CapableOf|be worn
ground|garbage|UsedFor|storage
theater|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
air|garden|IsA|part of nature
food|thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
cup|refrigerator|HasProperty|used for meals
apartment|room|HasProperty|a place where people sing
opera|tent|IsA|commercial browser
backyard|restaurant|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
closet|office|IsA|item of clothing
tent|convention|IsA|planet
street|desert|HasProperty|a location
yard|churchyard|AtLocation|in your company
sunbathers|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
garden|airport|CapableOf|have people  inside
drawer|stuff|IsA|1 syllable word
harbor|fly|IsA|physical item 
music|class|PartOf|building
street|countryside|AtLocation|outside
knowledge|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
street|church|UsedFor|living
woods|bedroom|HasA|usually have people inside
church|europe|UsedFor|learning
kitchens|trunk|MadeOf|metal
refrigerator|cupboard|AtLocation|indoors
street|sea|HasProperty|hot
air|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
store|clothing|UsedFor|storage
television|corner|IsA|study room
field|russia|IsA|place
ocean|cave|UsedFor|a holiday
egypt|beaver|UsedFor|driving 
vacuum|container|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
jar|box|IsA|cartoon
library|locker|CapableOf|be worn
california|refrigerator|IsA|place where people live
street|fingernails|HasA|first letter c
magazines|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
knowledge|television|HasProperty|a meal
outside|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
cinema|supermarket|HasProperty|a gathering place
floor|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
knowledge|head|IsA|part media
punch|field|IsA|noun
library|building|UsedFor|reading books
stomach|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
museum|bathroom|IsA|room in a property
store|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
building|park|IsA|place or location
soup|glass|IsA|physical item 
chair|people|IsA|religious card
trunk|container|HasProperty|a beverage
depression|controversy|IsA|positive thing
person|barn|IsA|sound
remembering|crying|IsA|emotion
cage|field|IsA|country
band|school|IsA|country
synagogue|opera|IsA|place
air|frisbee|PartOf|house
court|bathroom|IsA|in a home
paperwork|tile|HasProperty|a type of building
telephone|computer|IsA|building
backyard|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
desktop|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
floor|books|HasProperty|furniture
clothing|europe|UsedFor|learning
theater|town|IsA|house where man live
case|wallet|IsA|something found in a household
trees|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
beach|countryside|IsA|nation
cabinet|boxes|IsA|room in a building
windowsill|plants|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
change|money|CapableOf|keeping cash
internet|manual|IsA|physical object
dishwasher|film|IsA|piece of furniture
store|refrigerator|IsA|food
hairbrush|loft|IsA|place to sleep
laughter|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
park|garden|IsA|nation
home|apartment|CapableOf|be slept in
stamps|stuff|IsA|furniture
work|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
windowsill|attic|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
can|pantry|IsA|type of business
roof|sky|IsA|home appliance
disneyland|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
warehouse|garage|PartOf|house
plate|container|IsA|piece of furniture
ground|desert|IsA|animal
wallet|money|HasProperty|to do with currency
theater|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
bedroom|loft|PartOf|vehicle
garbage|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
garage|toilet|IsA|furniture
boat|carpet|HasProperty|furniture in a house
classroom|building|MadeOf|wood
closet|drawer|MadeOf|food
school|classroom|IsA|building
church|auditorium|HasA|usually have people inside
cellar|sugar|HasProperty|found below ground level
gentleman|meeting|UsedFor|learning
town|opera|HasProperty|alive
california|america|IsA|place
roof|store|IsA|animal
warehouse|closet|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
kitchen|shelf|IsA|object
building|school|IsA|place to live
shoes|cup|AtLocation|inside a house
cabinet|chair|IsA|necessity for education
kitchen|market|IsA|location or room
floor|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
street|sun|IsA|place
controversy|nightmares|PartOf|mental disorder
store|hospital|UsedFor|borrowing books
factory|school|IsA|place
plate|box|MadeOf|wood
performing|butterflies|IsA|emotion
california|florida|IsA|proper noun
windowsill|garden|PartOf|glass
movies|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
factory|warehouse|UsedFor|storing stuffs
university|idaho|IsA|drink
soup|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
library|encyclopedia|IsA|place for students
desert|store|IsA|country
canada|pond|IsA|place people work and live
dog|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
synagogue|supermarket|IsA|home
store|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
factory|michigan|MadeOf|water
dream|crying|MadeOf|wood
outdoors|woods|IsA|natural thing
auditorium|chair|IsA|place of religion
auditorium|human|IsA|building
pocket|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
restaurant|porch|CapableOf|cooking
human|wings|PartOf|house 
florida|india|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
earth|tent|UsedFor|buying food
toronto|chair|PartOf|house
hotel|hospital|IsA|place to live
market|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
action|relaxation|UsedFor|seeking an answer
body|conference|IsA|house where man live
shed|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
glass|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
manual|table|IsA|necessity for education
lamp|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
moon|lamp|IsA|car
garden|trees|AtLocation|outside
trouble|junk|PartOf|house
cupboard|container|IsA|location
michigan|beach|IsA|living thing
church|love|IsA|country
house|library|IsA|object
throne|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
table|cup|AtLocation|in a house
field|hole|IsA|country
street|water|IsA|place to pray
wallet|drawer|IsA|dish
museum|library|AtLocation|indoors
soup|bowl|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
rug|ceiling|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
school|house|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
library|television|HasProperty|a publication
sky|basement|IsA|car
encyclopedia|manual|IsA|book
market|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
pain|love|IsA|sad emotion
town|buildings|IsA|location
sewer|cupboard|HasProperty|found below ground level
embarrassment|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
town|earth|IsA|house where man live
room|rug|UsedFor|decoration
balloon|clouds|UsedFor|driving
human|doctor|IsA|nation symbol
theater|montana|IsA|house where man live
cabinet|teacher|UsedFor|carrying things
bedroom|house|HasA|front desk
newspaper|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
bathroom|supermarket|IsA|location
outside|palace|IsA|in a home
bathroom|store|IsA|public place
kitchen|wall|HasProperty|found in a house
container|basement|HasProperty|found below ground level
convention|tent|IsA|planet
toilet|television|UsedFor|storing things inside
cat|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
attic|cat|IsA|store items
building|barn|UsedFor|parking cars
cellar|sugar|IsA|room
pot|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
airport|home|HasProperty|able to be entered
attic|shed|CapableOf|part  of a household
stress|defeat|IsA|feeling or emotion
table|apartment|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
plate|food|UsedFor|keeping things cool
town|city|MadeOf|sand
groceries|pot|IsA|type of business
closet|cave|IsA|place to live
attic|warehouse|PartOf|house
excitement|working|IsA|negative feeling or expression
dance|war|CapableOf|be heard
clock|speaker|MadeOf|a natural material
bowl|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
pantry|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
container|boxes|IsA|room in a building
woods|museum|AtLocation|in a building
store|field|CapableOf|be sweet
playground|backyard|AtLocation|outside
party|lamp|IsA|building
inside|floor|IsA|place or location
injury|discovery|IsA|emotion
dishwasher|pot|IsA|furniture
building|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
bathroom|desert|MadeOf|trees
painting|village|HasA|outdoor scenery
supermarket|town|IsA|home
condiments|cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
dishes|sink|IsA|object
cabinet|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
corporation|control|HasProperty|powerful
refrigerator|classroom|UsedFor|reading
valley|sea|IsA|small body of water
michigan|backpack|MadeOf|wood
desk|bedroom|AtLocation|above the ground
library|ocean|UsedFor|a holiday
pain|problems|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
pot|disneyland|IsA|furniture
sleep|garage|HasProperty|a household item
backpack|conference|UsedFor|writing
pocket|teacher|IsA|place where students learn
product|shelf|HasProperty|used at meal time
moon|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
classroom|jar|UsedFor|writing
hospital|restaurant|IsA|business that serves food
knowledge|class|IsA|place for students
shelf|table|IsA|furniture
controversy|trauma|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
theater|tent|IsA|house where man live
america|dirt|MadeOf|water
countryside|newspaper|IsA|state
sea|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
work|skyscraper|AtLocation|in your company
attic|loft|CapableOf|part  of a household
dance|church|IsA|room in a house
auditorium|circus|IsA|n item of furniture
paper|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
drawer|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
hospital|palace|HasA|exterior walls
nails|teacher|IsA|place where students learn
pot|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
tree|garden|IsA|part of nature
jail|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
garden|warehouse|CapableOf|work
backyard|countryside|IsA|place you visit often
silverware|stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
backpack|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
theater|apartment|IsA|place
earth|opera|IsA|part of a human
convention|church|IsA|place
sea|valley|HasProperty|human made
school|countryside|IsA|place or location to visit
mouse|cellar|IsA|room in a building
jar|groceries|AtLocation|in a kitchen
library|information|AtLocation|in a store
table|oven|HasProperty|used for meals
cut|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
universe|magazine|IsA|place
street|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
pleasure|sleep|IsA|emotion
lake|bird|IsA|1 syllable word
butterflies|reflection|IsA|emotion
sink|garage|UsedFor|transportation
school|church|HasProperty|a place where people sing
seaside|wilderness|IsA|proper noun
bathtub|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
microwave|case|IsA|something you eat off
town|country|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
universe|moon|CapableOf|be currently visited
argument|sweat|HasA|physical element
utensils|coffee|UsedFor|eating
building|peanuts|UsedFor|travel
pride|talk|IsA|mental state
desktop|cupboard|CapableOf|be found in a house
pot|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
field|color|IsA|group action
wedding|internet|HasProperty|a gathering place
ranch|city|IsA|animal
toilet|bridge|MadeOf|organic material
car|fun|IsA|place
store|street|CapableOf|keeping cash
cabinet|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
store|floor|UsedFor|storage
backpack|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
sewer|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
happiness|agreement|IsA|verb
restaurant|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
park|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
forest|california|CapableOf|be read
school|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
container|pantry|IsA|type of food
television|computer|CapableOf|plug into the wall
supermarket|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
desktop|shop|IsA|study room
hallway|moon|HasProperty|white
television|floor|IsA|store items
bridge|jar|MadeOf|organic material
france|burrow|AtLocation|below
corner|frogs|IsA|place you can go
desk|rug|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
microwave|film|IsA|piece of furniture
dictionary|sloth|MadeOf|water
rain|snow|IsA|type of place
town|earth|UsedFor|camping
knowledge|problems|PartOf|mental disorder
school|supermarket|IsA|event
moon|house|HasProperty|white
talk|excitement|IsA|action
windowsill|paint|MadeOf|wood
glass|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
corner|motel|IsA|ground where child play
circus|montana|UsedFor|praying
house|hotel|HasA|bed for sleeping
countryside|ground|HasProperty|in a cold climate
library|dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
jar|backpack|IsA|location
desert|seattle|HasProperty|related to water falling
passageway|lamp|IsA|place to live
park|indiana|MadeOf|fiber
pain|embarrassment|UsedFor|manifesting joy
stamps|wallet|UsedFor|storage
lightning|injury|IsA|emotion
subdivision|town|IsA|place where you can live
anger|aggression|IsA|feeling or emotion
shelf|garage|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
bread|dinner|IsA|public place
game|suit|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
confusion|excitement|IsA|negative emotion
performing|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
garden|greenhouse|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
tears|punishment|IsA|emotion
river|street|UsedFor|transportation
ocean|montana|IsA|n item of furniture
forest|seaside|CapableOf|be read
demonstration|conference|IsA|inanimate object
desk|library|IsA|building
beach|town|IsA|nation
museum|refrigerator|AtLocation|indoors
performing|reflection|IsA|emotion
sleep|floor|PartOf|house
toilet|sink|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
trees|texas|MadeOf|metal
hallway|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
classroom|cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
suburb|china|HasA|buildings in it
desktop|hotel|IsA|list of alphabets
bed|outside|AtLocation|on the map
trunk|store|MadeOf|food
room|manual|UsedFor|driving
table|soup|UsedFor|storage
cupboard|mouse|IsA|room in a building
store|dust|IsA|made of wood
mountain|sky|IsA|living thing
floor|dance|IsA|type of room
aircraft|human|IsA|country
action|injury|CapableOf|cause pain
porch|dentist|IsA|physical item 
cupboard|cabinet|HasA|door
city|driveway|IsA|state
trunk|container|UsedFor|storing things in
refrigerator|kitchen|IsA|building
drawer|utensils|HasProperty|an object
austria|mountain|IsA|location
church|mexico|IsA|place
depression|knowledge|MadeOf|wood
trunk|safe|CapableOf|store a car
garden|fingernails|HasA|first letter c
air|manual|UsedFor|driving
building|warehouse|AtLocation|in united states
utensils|backpack|IsA|made of wood
peanuts|ballpark|IsA|reply to a question
farm|motel|IsA|tourist destination
exercise|effort|AtLocation|on the body
change|action|IsA|thing you have on person
castle|school|CapableOf|fly
suburbs|freeway|IsA|place
knowledge|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
yard|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
ocean|passageway|IsA|item of clothing
closet|airport|IsA|place to live
map|pocket|IsA|building
bedroom|corner|AtLocation|inside someone's home
airplane|human|PartOf|house 
field|head|IsA|part media
restaurant|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
canada|montana|PartOf|political geographical area
plate|refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
food|candy|UsedFor|eating
theater|montana|UsedFor|buying food
jail|human|IsA|country
love|microwave|AtLocation|library
contemplating|action|UsedFor|driving
rock|leaves|AtLocation|outside
good|person|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
television|floor|HasProperty|a household item
student|school|IsA|building
conference|tent|IsA|planet
office|mess|AtLocation|with water
knowledge|information|HasProperty|a meal
opera|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
container|condiments|UsedFor|keeping things cool
sun|room|IsA|car
desert|seattle|HasProperty|associated with the environment
classroom|town|HasProperty|a type of home
woods|pond|IsA|living/once living
sink|water|HasA|pipe system attached
street|moon|HasProperty|white
bathroom|box|HasProperty|man-made
cupboard|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
backpack|classroom|UsedFor|learning
restaurant|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
motel|auditorium|HasA|fee to visit
australia|field|IsA|place
garage|snore|HasProperty|a household item
good|germany|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
water|soup|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
carnival|music|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
jar|stove|HasA|empty space in it
drawer|porch|UsedFor|reading
school|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
connection|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
bowl|dishwasher|IsA|something found in a household
neighborhood|city|UsedFor|transportation
floor|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
meeting|library|HasProperty|a publication
marmoset|america|IsA|state
food|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
funeral|park|CapableOf|be eaten
house|bathroom|IsA|in a home
house|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
ocean|town|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
market|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
cup|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
synagogue|theater|UsedFor|buying food
shop|refrigerators|CapableOf|cook
bedroom|corner|AtLocation|indoors
oven|cup|CapableOf|store things
electricity|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
silverware|shelf|HasA|edible items for sale
supermarket|bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
home|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
bar|kitchen|IsA|room in a property
house|greenhouse|AtLocation|outside
laughter|love|IsA|sad emotion
floor|porch|UsedFor|cooling
fulfillment|happiness|IsA|something considered as positive
computer|television|AtLocation|in a kitchen
computer|office|IsA|n electronic device
punishment|field|IsA|noun
suburbs|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
car|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
wall|museum|MadeOf|wood
aircraft|house|UsedFor|pooping
sky|air|HasProperty|white
song|radio|IsA|tv show
table|refrigerator|IsA|  place
kitchen|commercial|IsA|animal or book
conference|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
mansion|buildings|UsedFor| gathering together
school|birds|PartOf|house 
lamp|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
water|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bowl|case|IsA|something found in a household
human|auditorium|IsA|building
canada|city|CapableOf|make you do something
garbage|cat|IsA|place
trash|dinner|CapableOf|be held in your hands
shelf|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
porch|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
moon|toilet|MadeOf|organic material
auditorium|chair|UsedFor|praying
skin|convention|IsA|part of a human
nebraska|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
bank|bathtub|HasA|feet to stand 
embarrassment|problems|IsA|negative thing
pleasure|sadness|IsA|feeling
office|work|AtLocation|indoors
kitchen|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
beach|field|UsedFor|farmers 
mexico|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
marmoset|sloth|IsA|animal or book
airport|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
apartment|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
joy|cleanliness|MadeOf|nature
restaurant|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
stuff|case|IsA|place
sweat|battle|HasA|physical element
supermarket|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
death|war|HasA|exterior walls
kitchens|market|IsA|location or room
opera|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
furniture|library|MadeOf|wood
computer|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
garage|mouth|CapableOf|be attended
dishwasher|shoes|AtLocation|inside a house
city|house|UsedFor|transportation
countryside|mountain|CapableOf|fly
drawer|junk|IsA|place
library|bedroom|IsA|n electronic device
listening|laughter|IsA|something specific
home|heaven|CapableOf|move freely
apartment|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
field|suffering|HasA|punish
desktop|shelf|CapableOf|contain multiple people
bowl|cellar|IsA|food
suburb|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
carrots|market|CapableOf|be sweet
nature|microwave|IsA|part of a house
cabinet|pot|CapableOf|cooking
restaurant|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
desert|beaver|UsedFor|driving 
restaurant|beach|AtLocation|outside
cabinet|shelf|UsedFor|holding things
roof|ground|IsA|stone
office|desk|IsA|type of room
ocean|house|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
park|indiana|UsedFor|work
park|store|UsedFor|reading
money|trauma|IsA|negative thing
revelations|understanding|UsedFor|driving
desert|roadway|IsA|state
drawer|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
carpet|corner|AtLocation|in a home
roof|room|IsA|part of a house
warehouse|attic|CapableOf|work
office|airport|IsA|item of clothing
chair|nature|AtLocation|in home
candy|school|IsA|part of the body
playground|town|IsA|country
bottle|beer|IsA|type of business
sugar|basement|HasProperty|found below ground level
concert|supermarket|HasA|ticket box usually
city|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
opera|montana|IsA|place
disneyland|refrigerator|IsA|building
plants|house|CapableOf|laugh
television|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
casino|supermarket|IsA|place you can visit
country|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
pride|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
bar|wires|IsA|device used for working
thinking|knowledge|IsA|physical tangible object
countryside|yard|UsedFor|transportation
pot|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
car|entertainment|IsA|n emotion
apartment|town|IsA|location
opera|skin|IsA|part of a human
reflection|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
windowsill|frogs|AtLocation|in your home
wedding|tent|IsA|part of a human
anger|punch|HasA|punish
mansion|opera|IsA|location
encyclopedia|desktop|CapableOf|be used virtually 
shed|fun|PartOf|house
prison|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
cinema|town|HasProperty|a type of home
desktop|street|IsA|vacation destination
countryside|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
house|cupboard|HasA|doors
refrigerator|jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
crying|dream|IsA|emotion
classroom|window|MadeOf|wood
aquarium|boat|IsA|place that humans can swim
town|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
windowsill|nest|PartOf|physical structure
trash|boxes|IsA|structure or building
yard|street|IsA|place where you can live
food|soup|UsedFor|storage
television|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
desert|forest|MadeOf|sand
encyclopedia|cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
town|building|IsA|place or location
thinking|injury|IsA|colorful
house|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
drink|sunshine|CapableOf|be currently visited
jail|house|HasA|usually have people inside
skin|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
texas|mountains|MadeOf|metal
stretch|motion|CapableOf|cause injury
movie|church|IsA|place people can meet
tile|kitchen|AtLocation|with water
doctor|bed|IsA|room or building
lemur|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
disneyland|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
cabinet|refrigerator|IsA|place to make food
montana|town|HasProperty|a country
school|bathroom|PartOf|building
toronto|chair|HasProperty|an animal
office|notebook|UsedFor|writing
opera|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
cupboard|shelf|MadeOf|metal
clothing|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
listening|entertaining|IsA|something considered as positive
apartment|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
wilderness|kitchen|CapableOf|be currently visited
loft|store|UsedFor|decoration
airplane|temple|IsA|place to sleep
cave|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
cabinet|box|UsedFor|storage
hotel|motel|UsedFor|overnight stays
sugar|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
store|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
windowsill|outdoors|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
germany|confusion|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
bedroom|lamp|UsedFor|work
curtain|desert|IsA|vacation destination
action|discovery|IsA|emotion
food|table|IsA|location
subdivision|house|IsA|state
canada|beaver|UsedFor|digging 
fun|box|IsA|place
cupboard|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
battle|church|IsA|place
computer|lamp|IsA|physical and movable item
hotel|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
class|good|PartOf|building
house|china|CapableOf|be parked on
shelf|cupboard|IsA|furniture
squirrel|birds|HasProperty|man made
imagination|confession|IsA|mental place
field|sink|HasProperty|made of wood
anger|suffering|UsedFor|punish
jar|florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
medium|garage|IsA|physical item 
michigan|factory|CapableOf|work
sleeping|vaccines|IsA|feeling
stable|city|IsA|animal
stadium|library|IsA|place of learning
mouse|bowl|IsA|building
marmoset|wilderness|IsA|activity 
backyard|park|IsA|place people work and live
cut|contemplating|IsA|colorful
library|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
stamps|backpack|IsA|place
attic|cat|PartOf|house
driveway|desert|HasProperty|a location
antarctica|stable|MadeOf|country
hole|commercial|IsA|animal or book
burger|bread|IsA|location or room
desk|bedroom|IsA|building
peanuts|jar|HasA|to do with planets
lamp|shop|IsA|n electronic device
books|information|AtLocation|in a store
favors|smiles|IsA|emotion
kitchen|bedroom|HasA|usually have people inside
head|information|HasProperty|a meal
television|garage|PartOf|house
theater|desk|IsA|type of room
america|california|IsA|place
desktop|opera|UsedFor|work
classroom|desktop|IsA|building
television|house|HasProperty|a room
cabinet|woods|HasProperty|a room
roof|countryside|IsA|stone
sweat|erections|CapableOf|hurt
bed|drawer|UsedFor|reading
pocket|cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
attic|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
wilderness|nature|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
boat|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
suburb|minnesota|IsA|business that serves food
information|television|CapableOf| be held in your hand
drawer|porch|CapableOf|store
floor|trunk|IsA|made of wood
action|revelations|IsA|physical state
cup|condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
apartment|restaurant|HasA|usually have people inside
battle|argument|HasProperty|about  clashes
jail|hotel|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
bedroom|house|IsA|ground where child play
coats|building|IsA|place to live
reflection|food|IsA|negative emotion
michigan|state|IsA|business that serves food
closet|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
junk|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
head|field|HasProperty|a meal
supermarket|television|IsA|part of the body
store|conference|IsA|school supply
floor|room|UsedFor|decoration
africa|asia|PartOf|the continent 
cave|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
beach|roof|CapableOf|fly
effort|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
outside|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
building|yard|CapableOf|be man made
nostalgia|sadness|HasProperty|linked to food
fun|car|PartOf|house
opera|body|IsA|house where man live
cupboard|cellar|IsA|room
church|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
supermarket|house|HasA|door
nest|cage|PartOf|physical structure
drinking|tears|IsA|verb
silence|program|IsA|physical and movable item
drawer|doctor|IsA|room or building
theater|building|CapableOf|float
mountain|austria|IsA|location
place|backyard|HasA|legs
bicycle|car|AtLocation|within a building's structure
theater|wedding|IsA|house where man live
garden|backpack|UsedFor|storage
restaurant|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
fear|discovery|IsA|emotion
yard|churchyard|IsA|country or state
america|friend|IsA|specific place
flowers|vase|IsA|something kept at home
magazines|drawer|CapableOf|store
library|meeting|AtLocation|in a store
school|hotel|IsA|event
inside|notes|HasProperty|material
classroom|office|CapableOf|be worn
kitchens|restaurant|IsA|type of business
newspaper|library|IsA|object
bathroom|classroom|HasProperty|a room
barn|building|AtLocation|at a house
apartment|wallet|IsA|dish
space|universe|HasProperty|related to children
restaurant|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
water|sun|UsedFor|work
ground|rain|IsA|car
casino|trunk|MadeOf|metal
ocean|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
erections|death|AtLocation|usually in a bed
lake|magazine|IsA|place
freeway|love|IsA|business
country|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
school|computer|UsedFor|reading and studying
water|car|IsA|physical item 
contemplating|cut|CapableOf|cause pain
warehouse|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
party|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
sleep|junk|IsA|store items
house|lamp|IsA|car
town|street|HasProperty|a country
key|money|IsA|place you can visit
money|change|CapableOf|keeping cash
waterfall|yard|IsA|living/once living
conference|town|IsA|commercial browser
box|fun|PartOf|house
store|furniture|CapableOf|sleeping
lightning|cut|IsA|colorful
ceiling|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
switzerland|city|UsedFor|food
case|cabinet|IsA|something you eat off
candy|wedding|IsA|part of the body
outside|fox|IsA|natural scenario
demonstration|school|PartOf|the human body
kitchen|school|CapableOf|be currently visited
jar|orbit|PartOf|wood
neighborhood|town|HasProperty|a location
clothes|clothing|HasProperty|an object
ground|radio|IsA|place for clothes
church|michigan|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
safe|trunk|AtLocation|on a map
trouble|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
museum|classroom|UsedFor|religious services
ocean|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
suburb|neighborhood|HasA|buildings in it
bathroom|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
love|excitement|IsA|emotion
newspaper|yard|IsA|state
clothes|trunk|IsA|1 syllable word
shelf|trunk|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
store|workplace|AtLocation|indoors
human|love|IsA|country
lightning|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
yard|restaurant|IsA|country
carnival|road|UsedFor|flying
pain|problems|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
swimming|yard|IsA|part of nature
space|universe|PartOf|wood
garden|michigan|MadeOf|water
house|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
classroom|office|UsedFor|student
room|car|PartOf|food and drink
suffering|laughter|IsA|negative feeling
case|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
porch|home|IsA|room or building
trauma|sleep|IsA|emotion
conference|imagination|IsA|n item of furniture
briefcase|locker|UsedFor|reading
cellar|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
telephone|hotel|IsA|list of alphabets
ceiling|sky|IsA|home appliance
jar|kitchen|PartOf|wood
synagogue|house|PartOf|the human body
door|wall|HasProperty|found in a house
school|bedroom|IsA|place
stove|plate|HasA|empty space in it
newspaper|library|AtLocation|in a store
wedding|cinema|UsedFor| gathering together
container|outside|IsA|room in a building
drawer|cabinet|IsA|dish
person|speaker|CapableOf|make a sound
restaurant|town|IsA|place to grow plants
kitchen|bar|HasA|usually have people inside
beaver|city|IsA|country
church|school|UsedFor|sleeping
boredom|cleanliness|CapableOf|be physically touched
ground|clouds|UsedFor|storage
information|thinking|IsA|place for students
people|desk|UsedFor|praying
bedroom|corner|IsA|study room
concert|church|UsedFor|work
favors|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
montana|people|IsA|place you buy food
palace|house|PartOf|the human body
drinking|dancing|IsA|verb
outside|park|PartOf|house
encyclopedia|desk|UsedFor|viewing/reading
container|bar|MadeOf|metal
work|desktop|AtLocation|library
backyard|trees|CapableOf|be part of a house
head|information|UsedFor|studying
problems|pleasure|MadeOf|wood
cinema|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
box|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
corner|party|HasProperty|used for learning
drawer|microwave|UsedFor|storage
supermarket|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
supermarket|restaurants|CapableOf|be entered
university|field|IsA|part media
earth|opera|UsedFor|learning
change|street|IsA|place to be entertained
library|hospital|IsA|place to live
soup|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
europe|club|IsA|place people can meet
attic|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
jar|house|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
trauma|shock|IsA|negative thing
arizona|america|AtLocation|labeled on a map
waterfall|forest|IsA|living/once living
disneyland|container|IsA|room (type)
warehouse|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
synagogue|theater|IsA|house where man live
books|vase|CapableOf|be held with one hand
basement|room|AtLocation|within a building's structure
trouble|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
bedroom|attic|IsA|room
street|theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
favors|like|IsA|activity
refrigerators|refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
shelf|drawer|MadeOf|food
hotel|airport|IsA|public place
wallet|jar|CapableOf|be held in your hands
briefcase|desktop|UsedFor|reading
jar|bowl|IsA|location
crying|pain|UsedFor|manifesting joy
books|manual|CapableOf|be held with one hand
apartment|kitchen|UsedFor|car repair
mountains|fox|IsA|natural scenario
book|knowledge|HasProperty|related to studying
forest|mountain|PartOf|natural landscape
market|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
floor|house|MadeOf|food
love|communication|IsA|verb
opera|town|UsedFor| gathering together
drawer|backpack|MadeOf|food
garage|basement|CapableOf|be used for storage
ocean|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
battlefield|person|HasA|exterior walls
attic|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
shelf|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
cheese|condiments|IsA|location or room
suburbs|street|HasProperty|a country
soup|salad|IsA|vegetable 
dishwasher|kitchen|IsA|building
control|trouble|IsA|book
funeral|box|IsA|part of the body
town|apartment|HasProperty|part of a human
encyclopedia|table|IsA|necessity for education
teacher|container|UsedFor|writing
closet|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
hospital|school|HasA|exterior walls
picture|mountains|IsA|natural scenario
coffee|dinner|IsA|furniture
classroom|home|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
supermarket|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
home|pantry|HasA|door
market|shelf|HasProperty|used at meal time
house|room|HasProperty|white
supermarket|montana|IsA|place or location
refrigerator|pantry|IsA|piece of furniture
house|floor|HasProperty|removable
street|ground|IsA|animal
cup|refrigerator|IsA|piece of furniture
person|opera|PartOf|building
town|classroom|UsedFor| gathering together
window|kitchen|IsA|object
bathroom|box|IsA|living thing
garage|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
tennessee|louisiana|IsA|country
house|demonstration|PartOf|admin role
airplane|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
garden|street|IsA|bodypart
telephone|television|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
wallet|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
ground|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
garden|concert|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
jail|house|PartOf|food and drink
cupboard|apartment|HasProperty|furniture
pain|depression|HasProperty|linked to food
potatoes|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
hotel|building|IsA|public place
yard|pond|IsA|country
restaurant|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
excavation|canada|UsedFor|driving 
suicide|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
office|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
town|neighborhood|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
onions|condiments|IsA|location or room
embarrassment|controversy|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
synagogue|garage|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
microwave|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
class|head|HasA|screen
desktop|encyclopedia|UsedFor|storage of physical items
countryside|bird|IsA|natural thing
groceries|bottle|IsA|type of business
discovery|performing|IsA|negative emotion
restaurant|school|UsedFor|sporting events
classroom|library|UsedFor|viewing/reading
pantry|kitchen|CapableOf|be used for school
dinner|field|UsedFor|studying
television|lawn|HasProperty|a solid item 
injuries|battle|CapableOf|create physical pain
town|convention|IsA|planet
greenhouse|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
carpet|rug|HasA|animal
oven|kitchen|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
store|swimming|IsA|part of nature
inside|school|CapableOf|move
motel|house|IsA|building
tent|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
airplane|classroom|AtLocation|in your room
classroom|office|UsedFor|reading
library|museum|UsedFor|children to study
action|key|HasA|function
stuff|plate|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
park|jail|IsA|country
soup|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
office|briefcase|IsA|piece of furniture
office|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
shelf|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
map|classroom|UsedFor|reading
yard|china|MadeOf|sand
apartment|school|PartOf|admin role
coffee|dinner|IsA|place
clothes|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
food|chocolate|IsA|event
smiles|favors|IsA|emotion
buildings|opera|IsA|location
love|happiness|UsedFor|hobbies
house|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
book|store|CapableOf|be alive
town|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
bedroom|bathroom|UsedFor|work
entertaining|fulfillment|IsA|something considered as positive
tent|opera|IsA|planet
pocket|classroom|UsedFor|reading
school|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
backyard|cat|UsedFor|cooking food
television|internet|CapableOf|be held in your hand
school|gymnasium|UsedFor|sport
refrigerator|pantry|UsedFor|keeping things cool
airport|shop|CapableOf|store
alcohol|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
museum|toilet|HasProperty|a room
concert|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
pond|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
thinking|fear|IsA|colorful
television|woods|IsA|type of building
apartment|house|HasProperty|used for storing cars
manual|television|CapableOf|be held in your hand
electricity|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
driveway|roadway|MadeOf|sand
shelf|dinner|HasProperty|removable
sink|ocean|PartOf|the galaxy
sloth|universe|CapableOf|be read
locker|backpack|UsedFor|reading
montana|roadway|HasProperty|a location
town|synagogue|IsA|event
teacher|nails|IsA|school supply
trees|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
circus|building|IsA|place or location
office|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
backyard|pond|IsA|country
bedroom|table|AtLocation|in  a residence
garden|greenhouse|AtLocation|outside
table|floor|IsA|place or location
commercial|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
newspaper|information|AtLocation|in a store
earth|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
car|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
suffering|punch|IsA|emotion
classroom|demonstration|UsedFor|student
lamp|couch|MadeOf|glass
nest|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
nest|sky|CapableOf|fly
church|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
television|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
wisconsin|wilderness|HasA|water
candy|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
thinking|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
moon|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
countryside|forest|IsA|country
army|control|IsA|concept or place
cat|microwave|IsA|part of a house
commercial|school|IsA|animal or book
factory|battle|PartOf|man body
god|montana|IsA|place of religion
work|picture|CapableOf|show you time
disneyland|town|IsA|place or location
jail|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
library|building|UsedFor|a holiday
store|coats|IsA|place to live
ceiling|shelf|MadeOf|paper
university|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
apartment|classroom|IsA|location
pantry|window|IsA|furniture 
sleep|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
india|forest|IsA|place
table|newspaper|IsA|room or building
suburbs|city|MadeOf|sand
park|restaurant|IsA|nation
jar|carnival|HasA|connection to food
inside|tree|IsA|place or location
airport|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
agreement|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
hospital|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
container|groceries|MadeOf|metal
desk|circus|UsedFor|praying
trauma|pain|HasProperty|typically positive
house|couch|MadeOf|glass
attic|basement|IsA|place
roof|box|HasProperty|man-made
carpet|inside|HasProperty|furniture in a house
skin|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
montana|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
pot|porch|CapableOf|storing food
street|desktop|HasProperty|hot
money|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
wedding|opera|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
nostalgia|controversy|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
museum|garage|IsA|place to store items
home|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
house|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
corner|closet|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
village|city|AtLocation|on a map
forest|desert|IsA|part of nature
window|apartment|IsA|furniture
onions|cheese|IsA|location or room
information|meeting|UsedFor|studying
plants|windowsill|CapableOf|laugh
passageway|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
car|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
demonstration|product|IsA|place
street|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
park|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
dishwasher|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
windowsill|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
region|dirt|MadeOf|water
shelf|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
drugs|doctor|UsedFor|to get a degree
locker|desktop|CapableOf|be used for travel
cage|ocean|CapableOf|fly
sky|cage|IsA|living thing
floor|sky|IsA|home appliance
bridge|toilet|IsA|man made
cupboard|refrigerator|CapableOf| be moved
garage|kitchen|IsA|furniture
kitchen|roof|CapableOf|move location
glass|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
school|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
lightning|butterflies|IsA|emotion
seaside|city|IsA|man-made thing
woods|lake|IsA|1 syllable word
bathroom|home|HasProperty|related to eating
sink|moon|HasProperty|a building
garden|soup|UsedFor|storage
television|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
park|building|CapableOf|be part of a house
maze|freeway|HasA|airplanes
city|theater|IsA|place
building|airplane|AtLocation|in your room
supermarket|opera|HasProperty|a gathering place
backpack|shelf|MadeOf|food
chair|cat|IsA|place
information|newspaper|HasA|screen
backpack|glass|IsA|object
outside|park|HasProperty|somewhere to go
house|cave|IsA|business
ocean|moon|MadeOf|organic material
drawer|dishwasher|HasProperty|furniture
classroom|temple|CapableOf|move location
sea|park|HasProperty|hot
ocean|america|IsA|continent
wings|birds|CapableOf|move freely
garage|garden|CapableOf|work
backpack|trunk|MadeOf|food
school|library|IsA|building
museum|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
cafe|park|HasProperty|something you can touch
temple|hairbrush|IsA|place to sleep
container|pocket|UsedFor|writing
dust|windowsill|UsedFor|storage
skyscraper|yard|AtLocation|on a map
chair|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
desktop|bar|HasProperty|a property 
hotel|school|HasA|usually have people inside
passageway|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
supermarket|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
room|store|UsedFor|decoration
musical|confession|IsA|place or location
cabinet|desk|IsA|something found in a household
freeway|building|IsA|business
mansion|house|IsA|type of building
countryside|field|PartOf|nature
closet|shed|AtLocation|within a building's structure
flower|ground|IsA|place
workplace|library|IsA|type of building
auditorium|people|IsA|n item of furniture
opera|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
problems|knowledge|IsA|negative thing
dishwasher|shoes|UsedFor|indoor activities
countryside|creek|IsA|natural thing
floor|backpack|IsA|made of wood
desktop|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
garbage|garage|HasProperty|an animal
hallway|basement|UsedFor|work
throne|club|UsedFor|learning
map|notebook|HasA|walls
table|computer|IsA|a place to read books
bathtub|door|HasProperty|found in a house
orbit|universe|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
cellar|room|IsA|place to pray
key|church|UsedFor|living
canada|yard|IsA|nature-related
greenhouse|plants|HasA|head
outdoors|yard|UsedFor|swimming
silence|program|UsedFor|live performances
church|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
street|park|IsA|vacation destination
synagogue|classroom|HasA|walls
field|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
ocean|frisbee|PartOf|house
bicycle|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
backpack|food|AtLocation|in a home
hallway|house|IsA|car
cupboard|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
restaurant|street|AtLocation|inside a house
body|conference|IsA|part of a human
pond|countryside|IsA|living/once living
synagogue|concert|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
fish|waterfall|HasA|earth
house|windowsill|CapableOf|laugh
restaurant|house|HasA|usually have people inside
neighborhood|countryside|MadeOf|sand
dishwasher|pot|IsA|building
motel|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
city|montana|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
supermarket|town|IsA|location
porch|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
refrigerator|refrigerators|HasA|empty space in it
control|corporation|IsA|book
water|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
trunk|backpack|IsA|made of wood
lightning|pride|IsA|negative emotion
garage|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
telephone|silence|AtLocation|on/in the human body
supermarket|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
church|street|UsedFor|living
concert|desktop|MadeOf|wood
airport|home|IsA|physical item 
cup|container|IsA|type of food
carnival|war|PartOf|building
town|apartment|IsA|part of a human
paper|pocket|UsedFor|reading
knowing|knowledge|IsA|emotion
meeting|park|MadeOf|paper
remembering|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
roof|street|AtLocation|at floor level
forest|conference|IsA|inanimate object
regret|satisfaction|IsA|feeling
yard|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
garage|television|PartOf|house
trouble|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
dust|shelf|MadeOf|food
food|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
chair|trouble|IsA|store items
desktop|sunshine|HasProperty|hot
sweat|nightmares|IsA|feeling
airplane|castle|PartOf|house 
building|freeway|HasA|airplanes
nightmares|desires|CapableOf|hurt
newspaper|knowledge|IsA|place for students
purse|change|HasProperty|to do with currency
drawer|trunk|UsedFor|storage
hairbrush|animals|HasA|exterior walls
trouble|attic|HasProperty|an animal
grape|salad|IsA|sweet or savory
mountains|fox|IsA|us state
refrigerators|cup|IsA|  place
countryside|forest|AtLocation|outside
kitchen|store|UsedFor|storage
waterfall|bay|HasA|water
bar|toilet|UsedFor|storing things inside
bed|mess|IsA|building
porch|bedroom|UsedFor|work
bar|machine|UsedFor|communication
butterflies|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
moon|sun|UsedFor|work
dinner|floor|UsedFor|storage
house|bedroom|UsedFor|work
closet|dust|AtLocation|indoors
drawer|case|MadeOf|plastic
theater|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
porch|library|IsA|object
soup|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
cabinet|stamps|IsA|something you eat off
forest|arctic|MadeOf|sand
ficus|home|UsedFor|storing food
crying|embarrassment|IsA|reaction
hospital|building|UsedFor|reading books
supermarket|tent|IsA|house where man live
bed|shoes|UsedFor|indoor activities
rock|field|MadeOf|wood
exhaustion|allergies|MadeOf|pause
boat|river|CapableOf|be walked on
film|apartment|IsA|dish
airplane|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
hospital|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
stamps|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
office|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
hallway|kitchen|HasProperty|able to be entered
magazine|cage|IsA|place
sugar|cellar|IsA|room in a building
box|dog|UsedFor|indoor activities
marmoset|dictionary|IsA|activity 
sky|forest|HasProperty|man made
floor|trouble|MadeOf|living parts
swimming|store|IsA|animal
bedroom|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
magazine|newspaper|IsA|room or building
apartment|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
nails|table|CapableOf|be eaten
attic|garbage|IsA|place
michigan|store|HasProperty|man-made
anger|panic|IsA|negative feeling or expression
waterfall|ocean|HasProperty|human made
garage|house|PartOf|the human body
wallet|desk|IsA|form of entertainment
closet|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
jar|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
china|desert|IsA|big space
trees|outdoors|CapableOf|be part of a house
snore|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
ocean|human|HasA|fish in it
ocean|region|PartOf|the continent 
field|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
montana|office|IsA|religious card
shelf|shower|HasA|door
desert|outdoors|IsA|natural thing
relaxation|thinking|UsedFor|driving
windowsill|house|HasA|head
garage|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
plate|stamps|CapableOf|be held in your hands
earth|theater|HasProperty|an event
box|michigan|IsA|living thing
fight|enemies|HasProperty|about  clashes
embarrassment|pain|IsA|positive thing
closet|house|UsedFor|storage
drawer|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
jail|library|CapableOf|provide a service
creek|lake|IsA|natural thing
florida|freeway|CapableOf|be read
backpack|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
drawer|television|HasProperty|an animal
case|stamps|CapableOf|be held in your hands
airport|library|CapableOf|have a street address
mountains|picture|HasA|multiple definitions
shelf|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
love|bar|IsA|state in usa
closet|basement|IsA|structure or building
music|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
dinner|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
dust|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
park|tree|PartOf|house
trouble|government|CapableOf|make you do something
pot|peanuts|HasA|connection to food
texas|mexico|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
dirt|america|IsA|continent
earth|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
fish|boat|HasA|water
subdivision|city|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
bedroom|elevator|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
town|building|AtLocation|outside
trees|outdoors|IsA|nation
supermarket|movies|IsA|event
wedding|tent|UsedFor|learning
wall|office|IsA|ceremony
toilet|pot|IsA|building
bay|waterfall|HasA|water
library|internet|AtLocation|in a store
death|sweat|HasProperty|negative in human sense
meeting|class|UsedFor|studying
ceiling|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
basement|bathroom|CapableOf|be moved around
snore|nature|HasProperty|an animal
apartment|arboretum|UsedFor|storing food
pond|forest|IsA|nation
refrigerators|stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
kitchen|school|HasProperty|in or is a building
bank|vase|UsedFor|holding things
store|cave|UsedFor|a holiday
ocean|america|IsA|specific place
museum|library|UsedFor|children to study
yard|china|IsA|state
computer|program|MadeOf|wood
human|basement|IsA|building
country|bridge|HasProperty|human made
house|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
corner|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
heaven|human|PartOf|house 
street|basement|HasProperty|white
furniture|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
telephone|motel|IsA|ground where child play
montana|tent|IsA|part of a human
forest|desert|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
stuff|trash|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
floor|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
floor|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
refrigerator|trunk|IsA|type of business
bathroom|concert|IsA|object that can be held
toronto|floor|PartOf|house
table|soup|AtLocation|in a home
house|roadway|MadeOf|sand
wedding|theater|IsA|place
notebook|inside|IsA|building
town|city|AtLocation|inside a house
town|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
restaurant|bowl|IsA|food
kitchen|bowl|HasProperty|related to eating
cat|garage|HasProperty|a household item
disneyland|windowsill|HasProperty|hot
university|meeting|AtLocation|home
garbage|chair|HasProperty|an animal
forest|valley|MadeOf|trees
shelf|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
backyard|rug|MadeOf|living parts
plate|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
agreement|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
controversy|shock|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
laughter|fun|IsA|physical emotion
hospital|lamp|IsA|place to live
backpack|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
playground|park|IsA|place to grow plants
garage|warehouse|UsedFor|storing stuffs
water|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
house|dust|HasProperty|an object
kitchen|silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
depression|crying|MadeOf|wood
ballpark|backyard|IsA|place or location
bedroom|airport|IsA|item of furniture
map|desktop|IsA|building
basement|shed|IsA|place to pray
toronto|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
radio|magazine|CapableOf| be held in your hand
cabinet|film|IsA|piece of furniture
trunk|bar|IsA|type of business
book|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
desktop|computer|MadeOf|wood
toronto|sleep|PartOf|house
class|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
jar|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
cupboard|bathroom|CapableOf|be moved around
countryside|outdoors|IsA|natural thing
car|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
convention|theater|IsA|planet
yard|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
michigan|factory|MadeOf|water
pain|knowing|IsA|emotion
restaurant|playground|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
countryside|trees|IsA|country
supermarket|desktop|HasProperty|edible
store|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
ground|plants|PartOf|glass
countryside|suburb|IsA|state
embarrassment|problems|PartOf|mental disorder
toilet|bar|UsedFor|storing things inside
school|computer|UsedFor|learning
park|countryside|IsA|country
concert|city|CapableOf|have people physically in it
toilet|water|CapableOf|store small items
trunk|backpack|MadeOf|food
drawer|trunk|MadeOf|food
butterflies|performing|CapableOf|fly
plate|kitchen|CapableOf|store things
store|classroom|UsedFor|carrying things
book|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
mountains|burrow|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
earth|synagogue|UsedFor|learning
change|purse|HasProperty|to do with currency
pantry|table|IsA|type of food
apartment|pot|CapableOf|storing food
synagogue|skin|IsA|part of a human
sea|beach|HasA|sand 
punishment|tears|CapableOf|make you sad
house|apartment|HasA|fee to visit
office|home|IsA|type /part of building
computer|television|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
arguments|boredom|MadeOf|nature
briefcase|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
contemplating|reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
wilderness|desert|IsA|country
sea|bay|HasProperty|human made
room|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
street|countryside|MadeOf|sand
library|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
hotel|office|HasProperty|a property 
discovery|performing|HasA|physical appearance
michigan|restaurant|UsedFor|ordering a burger
thinking|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
refrigerator|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
floor|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
mountains|yard|HasProperty|somewhere to go
passageway|freeway|IsA|public place
opera|tent|IsA|part of a human
fulfillment|learning|IsA|something considered as positive
street|ocean|IsA|physical item 
theater|park|IsA|place
hallway|restaurant|HasA|usually have people inside
thinking|happiness|IsA|colorful
school|apartment|UsedFor|living in
convention|wedding|IsA|house where man live
market|airport|HasProperty|able to be entered
park|concert|CapableOf|have people physically in it
corner|library|IsA|building
closet|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
closet|shelf|HasProperty|an object
pot|kitchen|AtLocation|inside a house
television|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
valley|hallway|IsA|country or state
stuff|case|CapableOf|be held in your hands
desk|drawer|IsA|dish
workplace|restaurant|UsedFor|a gathering of people
bedroom|garage|IsA|room
bedroom|hallway|HasProperty|able to be entered
basement|shed|CapableOf|be used for storage
thinking|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
vacuum|universe|PartOf|wood
moon|park|IsA|vacation destination
electricity|program|IsA|physical and movable item
nightmares|sweat|HasProperty|negative in human sense
school|inside|HasProperty|material
dust|store|HasProperty|an object
chair|floor|HasProperty|a household item
clothing|porch|CapableOf|store
library|books|IsA|book
australia|india|CapableOf|be read
building|restaurant|IsA|country
pain|shock|IsA|positive thing
home|detroit|CapableOf|move freely
furniture|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
discovery|action|UsedFor|seeking an answer
theater|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
theater|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
beach|desert|HasProperty|hot
conference|exchange|IsA|type of room
building|restaurant|IsA|nation
house|gate|IsA|public place
forest|outdoors|IsA|nation
birds|airplane|UsedFor|travel
floor|dinner|UsedFor|storage
shed|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
hairbrush|garage|PartOf|the human body
box|backpack|UsedFor|packing things inside
sink|medium|IsA|physical item 
arguments|exhaustion|MadeOf|nature
box|drawer|UsedFor|storage
bathroom|groceries|HasA|door
movie|desk|IsA|something you eat off
boat|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
table|container|AtLocation|in a house
cellar|refrigerator|CapableOf|be opened/closed
oven|field|HasA|edible items for sale
kitchen|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
porch|office|UsedFor|cooking
picture|austria|MadeOf|rocks
stomach|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
shed|warehouse|CapableOf|be used for storage
apartment|corner|HasProperty|a public place
food|container|IsA|location
disneyland|boxes|IsA|room
bar|market|IsA|type of food
love|hospital|HasA|airplanes
depression|pain|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
controversy|frustration|IsA|happy card
container|briefcase|IsA|place where students learn
auditorium|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
carnival|peanuts|UsedFor|drinking 
tent|earth|IsA|home
army|country|CapableOf|make you do something
crying|pain|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
ocean|montana|UsedFor|praying
war|class|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
conference|garden|UsedFor|reading
museum|bar|HasProperty|a room
ceiling|roof|IsA|specific part of a structure
student|library|UsedFor|reading and studying
restaurants|bread|PartOf|food and drink
sorrow|pain|IsA|negative thing
trunk|bag|UsedFor|storing physical things
pantry|food|CapableOf|be found in a house
pond|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
nails|cabinet|UsedFor|carrying things
building|garage|CapableOf|be attended
windowsill|vase|IsA|room
books|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
oklahoma|alabama|IsA|us state
embarrassment|depression|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
synagogue|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
clothing|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
apartment|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
hallway|corner|HasProperty|a public place
cave|house|HasA|airplanes
person|mouth|IsA|human or part of human
restaurant|town|UsedFor|swimming
trunk|dust|MadeOf|wood
shelf|corner|IsA|room
shop|desktop|IsA|study room
case|desk|UsedFor|eating
porch|floor|CapableOf|store
newspaper|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
food|bathroom|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
performing|pride|HasA|physical appearance
apartment|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
university|home|IsA|object that can be held
casino|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
window|office|MadeOf|wood
street|seattle|PartOf|city
town|montana|UsedFor|learning
fun|tears|IsA|verb
jail|school|HasA|fee to visit
liquid|carnival|UsedFor|drinking 
desk|corner|IsA|building
suicide|listening|MadeOf|the human body
michigan|maine|IsA|country or state
mexico|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
briefcase|container|UsedFor|writing
library|newspaper|CapableOf|store
street|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
bathroom|supermarket|UsedFor| gathering together
town|montana|IsA|event
purse|money|UsedFor|paying for items
ground|house|PartOf|glass
supermarket|restaurant|HasA|edible items for sale
lights|crowd|UsedFor|music
container|liquid|HasA|connection to food
toilet|apartment|MadeOf|more than one room
nature|ground|IsA|car
speaker|computer|UsedFor|lighting up a room
synagogue|building|IsA|place or location
mexico|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
porch|newspaper|IsA|object
apartment|california|IsA|type of tree
building|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
roof|rock|IsA|natural product or man made
garage|water|UsedFor|transportation
internet|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
excitement|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
school|park|CapableOf|be eaten
california|ficus|IsA|looks like house
ficus|california|IsA|looks like house
closet|garden|HasA|feet to stand 
newspaper|head|PartOf|the human body
problems|controversy|IsA|emotion
bottle|sink|AtLocation|in a kitchen
silverware|shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
restaurant|store|CapableOf|be sweet
glass|sea|IsA|vacation destination
airport|passageway|IsA|item of clothing
wedding|carpet|HasProperty|furniture in a house
entertaining|listening|IsA|associated to a positive experience
pot|restaurant|IsA|furniture
sweat|nightmares|CapableOf|hurt
pond|yard|IsA|nature-related
university|basement|IsA|place
outside|corner|IsA|continent
suffering|punishment|UsedFor|punish
library|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
university|student|IsA|building
mouth|speaker|CapableOf|make a sound
cave|hospital|UsedFor|reading books
encyclopedia|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
corner|bathtub|HasA|wheels
house|apartment|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
medium|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
person|death|PartOf|the human body
refrigerator|cup|HasProperty|used for meals
snore|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
manual|books|CapableOf|be held in your hand
seaside|prison|CapableOf|be read
refrigerator|refrigerators|UsedFor|keeping things cool
pantry|sink|MadeOf|wood
favors|entertaining|IsA|activity
casino|street|CapableOf|keeping cash
backpack|clothing|UsedFor|to keep items
beer|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
desktop|library|CapableOf|be used virtually 
snore|drawer|IsA|place
box|cabinet|IsA|location
den|basement|CapableOf|be moved around
apartment|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
encyclopedia|manual|CapableOf|be used virtually 
bedroom|hospital|IsA|item of clothing
connection|ceiling|HasA|use electricity
arctic|desert|MadeOf|sand
restaurant|bar|UsedFor|ordering a burger
floor|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
safe|university|IsA|physical tangible object
magazines|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
computer|classroom|UsedFor|reading and studying
kitchen|porch|UsedFor|cooking
wilderness|desert|IsA|1 syllable word
town|playground|AtLocation|outside
hospital|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
trunk|dinner|HasProperty|an object
battle|school|MadeOf|by man
fly|medium|UsedFor|transportation
glass|field|HasA|edible items for sale
portfolio|cabinet|HasProperty|sold in stores
box|table|UsedFor|indoor activities
jar|briefcase|IsA|place where students learn
field|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
pond|building|IsA|place to grow plants
ocean|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
desktop|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
circus|chair|UsedFor|praying
roadway|suburb|IsA|state
wires|hotel|HasProperty|a property 
restaurant|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
party|television|HasProperty|used for learning
apartment|mansion|IsA|single structure
house|supermarket|HasA|door
peanuts|ballpark|HasProperty|related to children
table|stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
conference|circus|IsA|place or location
field|supermarket|IsA|food
soup|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
palace|school|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
movie|film|IsA|dish
town|montana|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
dishwasher|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
can|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
dancing|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
television|thinking|IsA|place for students
cleanliness|headache|MadeOf|golden
library|internet|IsA|physical object
mountains|outside|HasProperty|part of your  house
museum|bathroom|UsedFor|car repair
church|bicycle|PartOf|house
food|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
apartment|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
case|film|IsA|dish
cabinet|cupboard|MadeOf|plastic
tent|theater|IsA|house where man live
building|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
dishes|apartment|IsA|furniture 
valley|ocean|IsA|small body of water
nest|cage|HasProperty|man-made
mouth|speaker|PartOf|body
yard|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
roof|carpet|HasA|animal
reflection|food|CapableOf|tell stories
roof|leaves|IsA|natural product or man made
boat|furniture|UsedFor|reading
fun|love|IsA|physical emotion
office|library|CapableOf|be worn
library|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
crying|problems|IsA|something a baby could have
car|cupboard|HasProperty|an object
bread|refrigerator|IsA|product that people buy
orbit|closet|AtLocation|public area
house|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
controversy|money|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
garage|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
library|school|IsA|type of building
tree|air|HasProperty|man made
wall|house|IsA|public place
competing|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
ocean|michigan|IsA|living thing
school|bathroom|HasA|roof
street|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
floor|conference|IsA|type of room
shed|warehouse|IsA|place
desktop|pocket|CapableOf|be used for travel
church|theater|HasProperty|an event
painting|rock|HasProperty|in a cold climate
container|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
ocean|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
bathroom|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
peanuts|box|IsA|reply to a question
information|head|IsA|part media
bed|drawer|UsedFor|reading 
basement|house|CapableOf|be moved around
locker|paper|UsedFor|reading
confusion|class|PartOf|building
building|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
ground|air|AtLocation|at a home
groceries|pantry|HasA|ceiling
forest|garden|AtLocation|outside
furniture|chair|HasProperty|an animal
briefcase|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
newspaper|table|CapableOf|store
france|mexico|IsA|state
supermarket|house|CapableOf|be entered
carnival|mind|PartOf|building
pond|playground|IsA|place people work and live
sleep|garage|IsA|store items
key|purse|CapableOf|be held in your hands
utensils|trash|CapableOf|be held in your hands
college|airport|IsA|object that can be held
change|key|HasA|function
shop|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
stove|condiments|HasA|empty space in it
house|sink|PartOf|the galaxy
outside|container|IsA|room
trauma|nightmares|IsA|emotion
government|president|HasProperty|powerful
table|house|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
library|house|CapableOf|have a street address
house|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
shed|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
sunshine|summer|IsA|person
apartment|theater|UsedFor|learning
house|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
refrigerator|apartment|IsA|place where people live
marmoset|wilderness|AtLocation|below
library|school|HasProperty|visited by tourists
hole|bank|UsedFor|holding animals
trash|cabinet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
cut|performing|IsA|emotion
floor|table|CapableOf|provide a service
desktop|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
university|library|UsedFor|reading and studying
anxiety|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
apartment|classroom|HasA|usually have people inside
city|store|IsA|country
bottle|jar|HasA|door
trees|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
laughter|communication|IsA|sad emotion
alabama|mountains|IsA|us state
hallway|computer|IsA|country or state
food|contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
television|chair|PartOf|house
club|university|AtLocation|in a building
street|fly|IsA|physical item 
allergies|headache|CapableOf|be physically touched
house|outside|UsedFor|sport
library|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
warehouse|store|IsA|structure or building
cottage|rock|HasProperty|in a cold climate
garden|greenhouse|CapableOf|laugh
meeting|restaurant|IsA|place people can meet
kitchen|temple|IsA|place to sleep
europe|garden|AtLocation|in a building
car|town|HasProperty|a gathering place
clouds|room|PartOf|food and drink
supermarket|bar|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
snore|garbage|IsA|place
reflection|pride|IsA|negative emotion
cellar|market|IsA|sweet or savory
newspaper|class|HasA|screen
meeting|papers|IsA|furniture
table|plate|UsedFor|serving dinner
talk|fun|IsA|form of communication
trauma|depression|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
market|kitchen|IsA|type of food
floor|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
clothes|cupboard|HasProperty|an object
food|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
class|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
synagogue|opera|HasA|ticket box usually
garden|tree|IsA|part of nature
bathroom|store|UsedFor|sell things
montana|earth|IsA|house where man live
newspaper|bed|CapableOf|store
desktop|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
circus|imagination|UsedFor|praying
kitchens|container|IsA|piece of furniture
elevator|bathroom|PartOf|building
continent|city|HasA|water
suburb|house|IsA|place where you can live
hotel|college|UsedFor|travel
street|rain|AtLocation|at a home
garden|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
injury|lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
store|mountain|IsA|living thing
answer|front|HasProperty|related to planets
countryside|backyard|HasA|walls
park|backyard|IsA|place or location
nebraska|state|IsA|part of a municipality
pain|trauma|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
car|fun|IsA|place to pray
atlas|briefcase|IsA|building
market|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
potatoes|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
cup|kitchen|HasA|empty space in it
bowl|restaurant|HasProperty|related to eating
wedding|conference|IsA|part of a human
television|books|CapableOf|be held in your hand
newspaper|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
church|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
pocket|cabinet|IsA|building
swimming|roof|IsA|animal
frogs|restaurant|AtLocation|in your home
jail|motel|IsA|building
container|kitchen|PartOf|wood
stove|cup|HasProperty|used for meals
president|government|HasA|movie
opera|music|IsA|action
valley|state|IsA|building
concert|program|MadeOf|wood
books|dishes|IsA|object
stove|container|CapableOf|be found in a house
glass|pantry|IsA|furniture
restaurant|town|IsA|nature-related
backpack|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
bank|heaven|IsA|place
town|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
australia|america|IsA|proper noun
sloth|dictionary|IsA|place
bar|museum|IsA|type of building
desert|street|MadeOf|sand
store|loft|IsA|building
poet|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
park|crowd|UsedFor|music
coats|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
paper|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
boat|bridge|HasA|water
wallet|money|UsedFor|living
briefcase|locker|CapableOf|be worn
corner|attic|CapableOf|show films
apartment|dishwasher|HasProperty|furniture
table|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
wall|desktop|AtLocation|library
table|cabinet|AtLocation|indoors
human|room|IsA|building
river|street|UsedFor|eating or drinking
communication|controversy|IsA|feeling
favors|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
plate|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
money|florida|UsedFor|living
garden|desert|IsA|animal
change|action|HasA|function
garage|university|AtLocation|within a building's structure
corner|windowsill|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
desktop|glass|HasProperty|made of wood
head|newspaper|HasA|screen
city|valley|CapableOf|be walked on
toilet|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
beaver|books|IsA|american state
suffering|sweetness|HasA|punish
home|basement|HasA|door
sloth|encyclopedia|IsA|animal or book
plate|refrigerators|HasProperty|used for meals
favors|tears|IsA|physical emotion
dust|trunk|IsA|made of wood
africa|country|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
vaccines|desires|AtLocation|usually in a bed
fun|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
bee|bird|IsA|living thing
furniture|bathtub|IsA|building
party|bread|IsA|product that people buy
thinking|color|IsA|physical tangible object
glass|sun|IsA|vacation destination
classroom|bedroom|IsA|room in a property
closet|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
restaurant|beach|IsA|country
agreement|like|IsA|verb
human|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
bar|can|HasA|plug or power source
program|opera|MadeOf|wood
telephone|wires|IsA|list of alphabets
store|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
restaurant|house|IsA|room
basement|closet|PartOf|house
books|library|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
television|sleep|IsA|place
field|playground|HasA|first letter b
churchyard|city|AtLocation|in your company
closet|clouds|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
montana|city|IsA|place where you can live
teacher|pocket|IsA|school supply
field|leaves|IsA|natural product or man made
nature|bed|PartOf|house
theater|music|IsA|physical and movable item
anger|sweetness|IsA|noun
backpack|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
pond|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
synagogue|montana|IsA|event
excitement|pride|IsA|action
happiness|laughter|IsA|something considered as positive
driveway|desert|IsA|place where you can live
wings|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
mountains|burrow|PartOf|natural scenario
closet|hospital|UsedFor|reading books
basement|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
apartment|home|UsedFor|storing food
wall|outside|MadeOf|wood
floor|window|CapableOf|be used for school
kitchen|house|HasProperty|in or is a building
house|store|IsA|1 syllable word
wedding|earth|UsedFor|learning
store|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
park|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
desk|beach|AtLocation|as part of a house
earth|montana|UsedFor|buying food
church|club|UsedFor|learning
people|wedding|IsA|part of a human
purse|jar|IsA|place you can visit
person|class|CapableOf|be heard
boxes|outside|IsA|room (type)
wings|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
program|house|UsedFor|work
freeway|street|HasA|people living on
buildings|car|HasProperty|a type of home
wallet|change|HasProperty|to do with currency
park|jail|IsA|person
ocean|sink|MadeOf|organic material
california|beaver|CapableOf|be read
montana|street|HasProperty|a location
food|park|IsA|public building
entertaining|enjoyment|IsA|verb
war|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
house|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
church|theater|IsA|part of a human
street|driveway|HasA|sidewalks
temple|home|CapableOf|move location
disneyland|mouse|HasProperty|found below ground level
boat|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
box|fun|IsA|mode of transportation
theater|people|HasProperty|part of a human
cat|room|IsA|garden
bed|chair|UsedFor|sleeping on
bowl|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
bed|dog|AtLocation|on the map
notes|meeting|HasProperty|material
attic|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
tears|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
air|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
doctor|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
jar|wedding|IsA|place
glass|floor|UsedFor|food
library|newspaper|MadeOf|meet
museum|corner|IsA|continent
airport|school|CapableOf|be lived in
clouds|dust|CapableOf|show films
convention|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
briefcase|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
house|woods|AtLocation|in a building
church|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
atlas|paper|CapableOf|be worn
teaching|excitement|IsA|negative emotion
inspiration|remembering|MadeOf|wood
drinking|celebrating|IsA|verb
discovery|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
airport|hospital|IsA|place to live
fun|communication|IsA|verb
china|house|IsA|state
church|university|IsA|place people can meet
bridge|jar|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
indiana|park|UsedFor|work
church|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
sink|garage|IsA|physical item 
ceiling|loft|IsA|place to sleep
party|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
building|airplane|IsA|place to sleep
bedroom|roof|MadeOf|wood
table|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
countryside|beach|CapableOf|fly
canada|asia|MadeOf|rocks
skate|person|PartOf|building
playground|outside|HasA|city inside
beaver|city|UsedFor|driving 
restaurant|can|HasProperty|a beverage
countryside|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
notebook|college|CapableOf|move
beach|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
container|plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
basement|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
color|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
airport|church|IsA|object that can be held
ocean|sink|CapableOf|can you drink it
headache|relaxation|UsedFor|driving
church|jail|IsA|country
newspaper|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
refrigerator|stove|HasProperty|used for meals
instruction|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
city|subdivision|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
ground|basement|IsA|car
cupboard|sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
mind|museum|CapableOf|be heard
synagogue|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
egypt|city|IsA|location
mountains|france|HasA|car
money|change|CapableOf|hold objects
lumberyard|street|IsA|place or location
desert|garden|IsA|animal
dust|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
alcohol|dinner|UsedFor|eating or drinking
concert|bedroom|UsedFor|work
building|synagogue|IsA|sound
desktop|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
knowledge|suit|IsA|place people can meet
locker|office|UsedFor|reading
school|restaurant|UsedFor|punishing people
refrigerator|groceries|MadeOf|metal
forest|building|IsA|country
book|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
village|valley|IsA|country or state
cupboard|glass|HasA|edible items for sale
park|beach|HasProperty|hot
apartment|california|IsA|place people live
beach|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
table|field|HasA|edible items for sale
nails|briefcase|IsA|school supply
container|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
office|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
movies|idaho|IsA|place you can visit
china|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
convention|synagogue|IsA|place
bank|closet|HasA|feet to stand 
palace|morgue|HasA|exterior walls
house|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
ceiling|people|PartOf|building a house
cupboard|house|MadeOf|food
pool|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
inside|college|CapableOf|move
utensils|house|IsA|made of wood
montana|subdivision|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
love|company|IsA|public place
sky|stream|IsA|natural thing
bank|lemur|UsedFor|cooking
library|demonstration|HasProperty|a public place
city|suburb|HasProperty|a country
bathroom|house|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
backyard|home|IsA|animal
library|house|UsedFor|studying in
church|montana|HasProperty|an event
table|cup|UsedFor|serving dinner
doctor|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
london|farm|HasProperty|a workplace
mountains|louisiana|IsA|country
closet|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
car|theater|HasProperty|alive
kitchen|oven|HasA|empty space in it
cabinet|books|IsA|furniture 
desktop|shelf|MadeOf|metal
trunk|drawer|CapableOf|be worn
opera|apartment|IsA|place you buy food
movie|case|IsA|something found in a household
park|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
chair|classroom|IsA|necessity for education
hotel|london|HasProperty|a workplace
tent|conference|IsA|commercial browser
desktop|manual|CapableOf|be used virtually 
game|gentleman|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
bread|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
depression|pain|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
fun|like|IsA|emotion
bathroom|home|HasA|door
mountains|pond|IsA|living/once living
house|motel|HasA|usually have people inside
beaver|montana|UsedFor|digging 
synagogue|town|IsA|place you buy food
curtain|glass|HasProperty|hot
hole|field|MadeOf|paper
water|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
furniture|bathtub|UsedFor|decoration
bicycle|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
imagination|auditorium|IsA|mental place
homes|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
garden|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
wisconsin|continent|CapableOf|be walked on
closet|ground|CapableOf|make sounds
marmoset|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
shelf|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
stamps|box|IsA|place
kitchen|school|IsA|animal or book
motion|effort|HasProperty|tiring
cabinet|wall|AtLocation|indoors
food|fear|IsA|colorful
dishwasher|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
cupboard|table|HasProperty|edible
neighborhood|subdivision|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
ballpark|front|HasA|to do with planets
bathroom|house|HasA|door
dancing|communication|IsA|verb
container|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
store|container|UsedFor|storing physical things
cupboard|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
backpack|utensils|CapableOf|be held in your hands
park|book|CapableOf|be alive
purse|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
window|kitchen|IsA|ceremony
sleep|inspiration|IsA|emotion
furniture|apartment|MadeOf|wood
building|hospital|UsedFor|a holiday
drugs|human|CapableOf|promote health
drawer|microwave|IsA|dish
university|bicycle|PartOf|house
town|street|AtLocation|inside a house
sea|sun|HasProperty|hot
basement|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
countryside|suburbs|HasA|buildings in it
stamps|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
pantry|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
city|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
clouds|carpet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
desktop|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
fun|satisfaction|IsA|action
sky|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
neighborhood|china|IsA|residential area
class|meeting|HasA|screen
problems|sleep|MadeOf|wood
restaurant|city|AtLocation|inside a house
cabinet|shelf|MadeOf|wood
trunk|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
shelf|anthology|IsA|something kept at home
backyard|ballpark|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
conference|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
crying|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
briefcase|paper|IsA|building
knowledge|instruction|MadeOf|wood
picture|pennsylvania|MadeOf|rocks
throne|meeting|UsedFor|learning
conference|theater|IsA|room in a house
stretch|effort|HasProperty|tiring
army|canada|IsA|object/thing
detroit|wings|UsedFor|travel
school|drink|IsA|animal or book
glass|kitchen|CapableOf|be used for school
kitchen|nails|AtLocation|in a home
trunk|bag|IsA|room in a home
lamp|desktop|IsA|building
museum|library|HasA|walls
texas|wilderness|HasA|car
conference|town|IsA|house where man live
apartment|airport|IsA|type /part of building
trunk|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
bedroom|hallway|IsA|room in a property
head|knowledge|HasA|screen
refrigerator|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
sadness|pain|HasProperty|linked to food
hospital|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
hospital|store|UsedFor|borrowing books
bed|table|UsedFor|indoor activities
leaves|ground|AtLocation|outside
work|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
loft|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
hotel|motel|HasProperty|a workplace
beer|trunk|IsA|type of business
stomach|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
trees|forest|IsA|nature-related
container|conference|IsA|piece of furniture
nightmares|dreams|IsA|feeling
hallway|room|UsedFor|work
street|weather|IsA|popular attraction
tears|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
france|burrow|IsA|home
game|class|AtLocation|in a building
communication|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
bank|garden|MadeOf|organic brown matter
garden|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
synagogue|opera|IsA|planet
office|briefcase|CapableOf|be used for travel
sea|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
corporation|government|HasProperty|powerful
rug|home|IsA|informal term for youth
trunk|floor|HasProperty|removable
forest|outdoors|CapableOf|be part of a house
sky|rain|IsA|car
yard|park|IsA|country
bathroom|garden|CapableOf|have people  inside
bowl|food|AtLocation|in a home
aggression|death|IsA|positive card
playground|trees|UsedFor|swimming
people|heaven|UsedFor|praying
disneyland|mouse|IsA|place to make food
ocean|bay|IsA|place that humans can swim
bed|cup|AtLocation|on the map
house|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
theater|car|HasProperty|alive
house|table|UsedFor|work
road|highway|CapableOf|be drived on with car
television|lamp|AtLocation|inside someone's home
field|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
basement|attic|IsA|room (type)
bar|kitchens|IsA|type of food
table|clothing|IsA|physical item 
theater|building|IsA|ceremony
headache|allergies|MadeOf|pause
boredom|exhaustion|MadeOf|golden
action|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
ocean|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
sunshine|hole|IsA|animal or book
entertaining|laughter|IsA|verb
bedroom|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
dictionary|cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
church|florida|UsedFor|living
office|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
floor|room|MadeOf|living parts
mountain|playground|MadeOf|plastic
town|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
store|office|IsA|school supply
pain|embarrassment|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
clothing|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
outdoors|nature|IsA|natural thing
container|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
garage|hospital|PartOf|the human body
desk|heaven|UsedFor|praying
clock|speaker|IsA|inanimate object
roof|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
class|mind|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
bridge|jar|HasProperty|a building
bed|nature|AtLocation|in home
garden|park|AtLocation|inside a home
manual|library|IsA|necessity for education
closet|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
drawer|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
kentucky|washington|IsA|american state
school|hospital|PartOf|the human body
television|office|IsA|n electronic device
toilet|kitchen|IsA|building
sun|beach|IsA|place
bedroom|church|UsedFor|work
ocean|toilet|CapableOf|can you drink it
lamp|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
office|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
store|dust|IsA|1 syllable word
government|canada|AtLocation|on map
bathroom|toilet|UsedFor|living in
kitchen|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
bedroom|bathroom|UsedFor|cooking
rain|weather|HasProperty|very cold
soup|potatoes|IsA|sweet or savory
opera|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
books|internet|CapableOf|be held in your hand
city|suburbs|IsA|state
bathroom|castle|UsedFor|travel
backpack|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
room|rug|IsA|garden
pleasure|pride|IsA|negative feeling
classroom|internet|HasProperty|a gathering place
nature|television|AtLocation|in home
jar|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
town|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
austria|pennsylvania|IsA|location
refrigerator|shelf|UsedFor|storage of physical items
knowledge|class|IsA|part media
supermarket|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
vaccines|death|PartOf|human body
classroom|museum|UsedFor|religious services
kitchen|bedroom|UsedFor|car repair
porch|refrigerator|CapableOf|be used with a computer
desktop|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
jar|television|IsA|public building
nebraska|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
classroom|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
hunger|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
cellar|outside|IsA|room in a building
mountains|america|IsA|state
apartment|table|UsedFor|storage
bank|field|UsedFor|cooking
den|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
countryside|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
sky|street|IsA|car
beer|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
school|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
classroom|locker|UsedFor|reading
controversy|shock|IsA|positive thing
arboretum|refrigerator|HasProperty|a state in the usa
leaves|countryside|MadeOf|wood
montana|monastery|IsA|mental place
wilderness|outdoors|IsA|1 syllable word
home|airport|HasProperty|able to be entered
school|restaurant|UsedFor|pooping
backyard|garden|AtLocation|outside
bedroom|cat|IsA|part of a house
roof|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
corner|home|HasProperty|a public place
can|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
castle|detroit|PartOf|house 
kitchen|pantry|AtLocation|in a house
store|room|UsedFor|decoration
office|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
porch|mouse|CapableOf|be used with a computer
communication|embarrassment|UsedFor|manifesting joy
earth|montana|IsA|home
synagogue|barn|UsedFor|teaching
england|michigan|IsA|country or state
apartment|window|IsA|object
key|church|CapableOf|keeping cash
attic|church|IsA|place
town|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
shelf|outside|IsA|room
plate|bowl|IsA|something you eat off
container|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
apartment|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
region|america|MadeOf|water
store|jar|IsA|place where students learn
floor|window|IsA|furniture
dust|shelf|IsA|made of wood
desk|carpet|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
leaves|field|MadeOf|wood
buildings|town|HasProperty|a type of home
connection|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
instruction|knowing|MadeOf|wood
cupboard|dishwasher|CapableOf|be used with a computer
satisfaction|anger|IsA|negative emotion
homes|home|IsA|fancy
beach|countryside|IsA|country
desert|store|IsA|location
tent|earth|IsA|house where man live
carpet|dust|HasProperty|used for storage
library|magazines|CapableOf|store
lamp|motel|IsA|ground where child play
train|countryside|HasProperty|in a cold climate
bedroom|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
roof|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
convention|theater|IsA|social event
wedding|apartment|IsA|part of a human
kitchen|hallway|HasA|usually have people inside
drawer|chair|HasProperty|a household item
theater|opera|UsedFor|learning
windowsill|sun|IsA|vacation destination
restaurant|oven|HasProperty|edible
plane|road|IsA|music related event
plate|lasagna|HasProperty|used at meal time
assessment|conference|UsedFor|announcing something
castle|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
woods|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
knowing|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
dishwasher|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
office|television|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
band|doctor|IsA|country
water|sink|UsedFor|transportation
shop|computer|IsA|ground where child play
pride|anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
outside|playground|HasProperty|a country
pantry|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
supermarket|cupboard|HasA|door
warehouse|trunk|IsA|room in a home
garage|trouble|IsA|animal
skin|conference|IsA|house where man live
trees|forest|UsedFor|swimming
problems|crying|HasProperty|typically positive
desert|city|IsA|country
office|briefcase|IsA|place of learning
funeral|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
restaurant|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
field|ground|IsA|stone
hospital|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
house|car|IsA|product that people buy
sea|river|IsA|place that humans can swim
teacher|conference|UsedFor|writing
human|band|IsA|country
fish|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
city|antarctica|IsA|animal
heaven|god|IsA|mental place
alcohol|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
valley|wilderness|MadeOf|trees
greenhouse|ground|HasA|green plant
antarctica|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
nebraska|town|IsA|building
sky|ocean|IsA|living thing
case|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
pain|suffering|IsA|sad emotion
earth|church|IsA|house where man live
mouth|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
shelf|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
computer|elevator|IsA|physical and movable item
stuff|trash|IsA|furniture
happiness|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
security|airport|IsA|object that can be held
confession|concert|HasA|ticket box usually
table|outside|UsedFor|storage
sea|ocean|HasA|water
desert|egypt|IsA|country
television|corner|HasProperty|used for learning
convention|apartment|IsA|place
attic|closet|IsA|structure or building
heaven|monastery|IsA|place of religion
monastery|god|UsedFor|praying
office|dance|IsA|room in a house
soup|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
dinner|television|IsA|physical tangible object
desk|microwave|IsA|form of entertainment
city|theater|UsedFor|music
building|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
rug|carpet|PartOf|the interior of a building
convention|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
salad|soup|IsA|food
field|class|HasA|screen
classroom|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
ground|birds|HasProperty|man made
speaker|conference|UsedFor|announcing something
tropics|desert|IsA|location
confession|circus|IsA|place of religion
performing|reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
house|school|IsA|place or location to visit
boxes|funeral|IsA|room in a home
jar|refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
meeting|university|IsA|part media
jail|house|CapableOf|be entered
nightmares|sorrow|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
table|floor|UsedFor|furnishing a house
town|roadway|HasProperty|a location
chair|floor|HasProperty|an animal
encyclopedia|book|IsA|place for students
lights|park|UsedFor|music
money|change|UsedFor|living
favors|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
yard|town|IsA|country
music|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
farmyard|washington|IsA|object
movies|mouth|IsA|event
windowsill|nest|IsA|place where you can stand
refrigerator|kitchen|HasA|store edible items
earth|wedding|IsA|part of a human
plants|garden|AtLocation|inside a home
church|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
garden|classroom|IsA|object that can be held
town|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
playground|trees|HasA|walls
ocean|sink|PartOf|the galaxy
trees|snow|MadeOf|metal
dream|instruction|MadeOf|wood
corner|office|IsA|study room
frustration|controversy|IsA|happy card
attic|nature|PartOf|house
allergies|headache|MadeOf|golden
beach|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
street|fly|UsedFor|transportation
theater|bathroom|IsA|location
supermarket|church|IsA|house where man live
neighborhood|city|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
garbage|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
supermarket|bathroom|IsA|location
room|bathtub|UsedFor|decoration
hotel|school|IsA|item of clothing
park|cleanliness|MadeOf|pause
wisconsin|boat|HasA|water
country|wisconsin|HasProperty|human made
restaurant|food|IsA|part of the body
university|fun|PartOf|house
church|battle|IsA|place
neighborhood|yard|UsedFor|transportation
town|wedding|IsA|planet
table|film|IsA|dish
street|disneyland|PartOf|city
store|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
garden|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
carpet|closet|AtLocation|in the sky
moon|sun|IsA|vacation destination
contemplating|anxiety|IsA|emotion
briefcase|office|UsedFor|reading
america|asia|PartOf|the continent 
radio|magazine|UsedFor|news
cabinet|toilet|HasProperty|a room
apartment|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
magazine|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
happiness|punishment|HasA|punish
ficus|arboretum|HasProperty|a state in the usa
shelf|book|AtLocation|library
apartment|school|UsedFor|student
roof|ground|IsA|natural product or man made
attic|house|UsedFor|cooking
kitchen|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
cabinet|paper|HasA|walls
forest|arctic|IsA|type of land
body|people|UsedFor|buying food
michigan|mountain|PartOf|natural landscape
ballpark|jungle|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
carrots|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
tent|synagogue|IsA|social event
problems|depression|IsA|negative thing
books|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
ocean|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
chocolate|candy|CapableOf|be eaten
happiness|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
tree|roof|IsA|animal
outdoors|park|IsA|place to grow plants
street|store|IsA|place you can visit
classroom|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
music|war|CapableOf|be heard
money|nightmares|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
box|attic|IsA|place to pray
cup|kitchen|IsA|piece of furniture
lemur|field|MadeOf|paper
cave|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
remembering|money|IsA|emotion
sorrow|controversy|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
park|outside|AtLocation|on the map
battle|show|UsedFor|to get a degree
boxes|container|UsedFor|storing physical things
revelations|understanding|UsedFor|seeking an answer
favors|fun|IsA|verb
pride|cut|IsA|negative emotion
region|country|MadeOf|water
backyard|building|CapableOf|be man made
street|summer|HasProperty|hot
church|skin|IsA|place
china|suburb|HasProperty|a location
agreement|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
homes|bed|PartOf|house 
discovery|reflection|CapableOf|fly
bed|clothing|IsA|physical item 
sleep|trouble|IsA|store items
supermarket|manual|UsedFor|driving
supermarket|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
cupboard|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
sorrow|shock|PartOf|mental disorder
backyard|home|UsedFor|cooking food
cup|bread|IsA|location or room
manual|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
performing|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
cupboard|pantry|AtLocation|in a kitchen
persia|rug|HasA|legs
library|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
garage|toronto|AtLocation|in home
nest|beach|IsA|living thing
beer|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
india|australia|IsA|proper noun
refrigerator|disneyland|CapableOf|be used with a computer
soup|chicken|CapableOf|be used as transport 
classroom|computer|UsedFor|reading and studying
desktop|field|HasA|edible items for sale
house|airport|IsA|item of clothing
desert|air|IsA|part of nature
store|library|UsedFor|reading books
underground|colorado|IsA|activity 
agreement|love|IsA|verb
wall|furniture|HasProperty|found in a house
window|kitchen|UsedFor|reading
desk|box|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
nightmares|sleeping|CapableOf|hurt
pain|laughter|IsA|negative feeling
garbage|chair|AtLocation|in home
attic|basement|IsA|structure or building
mansion|cinema|IsA|location
party|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
anxiety|performing|CapableOf|cause pain
junk|attic|IsA|animal
train|farm|IsA|tourist destination
suburbs|countryside|HasProperty|a location
cut|action|IsA|negative emotion
bar|alcohol|UsedFor|eating or drinking
boxes|house|UsedFor|cooking
erections|dreams|CapableOf|hurt
auditorium|imagination|UsedFor|praying
dictionary|encyclopedia|IsA|animal or book
wings|heaven|CapableOf|fly
library|books|CapableOf|be used virtually 
apartment|house|HasProperty|a type of building
windowsill|cabinet|IsA|room
park|outside|AtLocation|at a party
sleep|attic|AtLocation|in home
god|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
window|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
warehouse|building|MadeOf|water
potatoes|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
michigan|nest|PartOf|house
atlas|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
pride|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
excitement|talk|IsA|action
television|meeting|HasProperty|a publication
home|backyard|UsedFor|standing on
building|beach|IsA|place people work and live
library|airport|HasProperty|a public place
can|beer|MadeOf|metal
roof|rock|AtLocation|outside
restaurant|house|CapableOf|fly
tree|sky|IsA|animal
box|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
sink|water|CapableOf|store small items
wallet|movie|IsA|dish
jar|teacher|IsA|piece of furniture
coats|hospital|IsA|place to live
apartment|tent|UsedFor|buying food
backyard|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
satisfaction|anger|HasA|ltr p
satisfaction|joy|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
information|television|IsA|place for students
desk|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
squirrel|countryside|HasProperty|man made
trunk|shelf|HasA|doors
table|vase|UsedFor|holding things
groceries|bottle|UsedFor|storage 
dancing|listening|IsA|emotion
light|porch|AtLocation|as part of a house
laughter|suffering|IsA|feeling
trouble|home|MadeOf|living parts
library|book|MadeOf|paper
yard|street|MadeOf|sand
microwave|drawer|IsA|dish
garden|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
class|field|HasProperty|a meal
happiness|reflection|IsA|emotion
arkansas|louisiana|IsA|country
park|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
cabinet|groceries|HasA|door
backpack|pocket|UsedFor|writing
instruction|dream|MadeOf|wood
gentleman|garden|UsedFor|learning
outdoors|garden|IsA|nation
conference|classroom|IsA|object
pocket|briefcase|CapableOf|be used for travel
problems|dream|IsA|negative feeling
mansion|school|IsA|large building
library|party|IsA|n electronic device
cupboard|house|HasProperty|found below ground level
bathroom|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
suburbs|city|CapableOf|be parked on
apartment|film|IsA|piece of furniture
leaves|ground|IsA|man made thing
town|people|HasProperty|part of a human
corner|computer|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
closet|container|AtLocation|public area
newspaper|meeting|UsedFor|reading
apartment|bedroom|CapableOf|be slept in
toilet|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
bedroom|bathroom|IsA|object that can be held
throne|church|UsedFor|learning
death|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
mountain|beach|HasProperty|man-made
laughter|crying|IsA|reaction
canada|egypt|UsedFor|driving 
person|mouth|CapableOf|be attended
warehouse|closet|AtLocation|within a building's structure
basement|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
case|desk|IsA|1 syllable word
museum|television|AtLocation|in a building
refrigerators|refrigerator|HasA|empty space in it
florida|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
purse|change|CapableOf|be held in your hands
inspiration|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
beaver|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
supermarket|casino|IsA|type of business
couch|airport|AtLocation|mostly inside
lamp|elevator|IsA|physical and movable item
school|castle|PartOf|house 
town|valley|IsA|business that serves food
bathtub|garden|HasA|feet to stand 
library|bed|UsedFor|cooling
desktop|silverware|AtLocation|inside an office
remembering|problems|PartOf|mental disorder
chair|garage|HasProperty|an animal
person|death|IsA|type of fluid
mouse|pot|CapableOf|be used with a computer
classroom|container|IsA|school supply
beaver|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
doctor|battle|UsedFor|to get a degree
film|desk|UsedFor|storage
restaurant|casino|MadeOf|metal
cabinet|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
supermarket|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
jar|cabinet|CapableOf|be eaten
washington|bathroom|IsA|location
town|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
choir|song|IsA|electronic device
outside|picture|IsA|country or state name
television|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
speaker|mouth|UsedFor|announcing something
jar|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
class|newspaper|IsA|place for students
beach|forest|IsA|nature-related
head|color|HasProperty|a meal
city|computer|AtLocation|on a map
heaven|bank|AtLocation|in home
museum|office|UsedFor|fun
bay|sea|IsA|place that humans can swim
club|europe|IsA|place people can meet
office|people|IsA|place of religion
stamps|plate|CapableOf|be held in your hands
closet|dust|MadeOf|food
homes|detroit|CapableOf|move freely
jungle|ballpark|IsA|outdoor area
closet|dust|CapableOf|show films
table|cabinet|IsA|furniture
air|house|HasProperty|white
earth|church|IsA|place you buy food
refrigerator|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
town|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
encyclopedia|dictionary|IsA|animal or book
encyclopedia|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
shelf|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
city|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
connection|cave|IsA|business
human|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
window|building|UsedFor|reading
laughter|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
park|woods|IsA|living/once living
god|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
restaurant|film|IsA|piece of furniture
conference|classroom|UsedFor| gathering together
kitchen|house|UsedFor|sitting on
cabinet|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
oven|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
bedroom|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
heaven|montana|UsedFor|praying
cage|field|UsedFor|cooking
elevator|bathroom|CapableOf|be heard
drawer|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
attic|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
house|roof|HasProperty|found in a home
churchyard|skyscraper|AtLocation|on a map
cut|action|HasA|physical appearance
head|encyclopedia|IsA|physical tangible object
corner|ground|CapableOf|show films
town|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
wedding|opera|UsedFor|learning
table|condiments|HasA|store edible items
pride|performing|HasA|physical appearance
disneyland|movie|UsedFor|storage
garage|greenhouse|HasProperty|found in the garden
demonstration|table|IsA|building
garbage|drawer|IsA|place
books|encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
television|computer|IsA|room in a property
universe|space|PartOf|wood
electricity|concert|UsedFor|worship
ground|yard|IsA|living/once living
ocean|bay|IsA|somewhere animals swim
restaurant|house|UsedFor|worship
shock|sorrow|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
church|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
university|park|IsA|place you can visit
moon|basement|IsA|car
home|backyard|IsA|part of a property
university|library|HasA|screen
rug|trouble|MadeOf|living parts
closet|human|IsA|building
cabinet|television|HasA|usually have people inside
outside|countryside|HasProperty|part of your  house
lamp|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
headache|skin|IsA|emotion
pocket|desktop|IsA|book
cat|bird|IsA|a animal
trauma|pain|IsA|negative thing
building|park|HasA|ticket box usually
university|book|HasProperty|related to studying
restaurant|pot|MadeOf|metal
books|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
book|picture|AtLocation|library
apartment|montana|IsA|event
ground|roof|MadeOf|wood
building|bathtub|UsedFor|reading
bedroom|roof|CapableOf|move location
museum|bar|AtLocation|in a building
newspaper|knowledge|HasA|screen
apartment|funeral|MadeOf|wood
city|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
dishwasher|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
house|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
street|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
lightning|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
cabinet|cellar|IsA|room (type)
garage|papers|AtLocation|at home
balloon|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
sugar|sewer|HasProperty|found below ground level
trees|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
computer|desk|IsA|study room
garden|conference|UsedFor|reading
kitchen|cup|IsA|type of food
yard|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
university|college|IsA|object that can be held
soup|food|UsedFor|storage
kitchen|office|CapableOf|be slept in
action|headache|UsedFor|seeking an answer
wallet|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
like|smiles|IsA|enjoyable
forest|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
information|books|MadeOf|meet
newspaper|trash|IsA|something kept a home
gymnasium|bathroom|UsedFor|sport
shelf|car|IsA|made of wood
building|airport|IsA|place to live
desktop|stomach|HasA|edible items for sale
home|dentist|IsA|physical item 
sun|room|HasProperty|white
internet|meeting|MadeOf|paper
party|computer|IsA|study room
internet|book|CapableOf|have people physically in it
stress|defeat|HasA|physical element
street|car|IsA|place
canada|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
defeat|tension|IsA|positive card
mountains|woods|IsA|living/once living
learning|entertaining|IsA|associated to a positive experience
river|floor|IsA|place or location
convention|synagogue|IsA|commercial browser
junk|trouble|IsA|store items
books|floor|IsA|furniture
purse|key|CapableOf|be held in your hands
pond|valley|HasA|water
cabinet|dishwasher|IsA|building
sleep|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
theater|lights|UsedFor|music
street|room|IsA|car
toilet|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
office|desk|IsA|building
wilderness|bank|MadeOf|sand
magazine|clothing|IsA|physical item 
park|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
nightmares|knowledge|IsA|emotion
snow|texas|HasA|car
plants|house|PartOf|body
university|field|IsA|place for students
cabinet|office|IsA|piece of furniture
person|war|HasA|exterior walls
plants|air|MadeOf|natural materials
injury|reflection|CapableOf|fly
table|clothes|IsA|1 syllable word
valley|country|CapableOf|be walked on
porch|library|UsedFor|cooling
utensils|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
bathroom|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
store|bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
valley|countryside|IsA|1 syllable word
wallet|case|UsedFor|storage
classroom|bathtub|IsA|ceremony
government|president|CapableOf|place
reflection|food|CapableOf|fly
thinking|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
notebook|locker|IsA|building
boat|classroom|IsA|ceremony
injuries|sweat|HasA|physical element
roof|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
condiments|refrigerator|HasA|empty space in it
tent|supermarket|IsA|event
shock|problems|IsA|positive thing
desktop|map|IsA|building
couch|lamp|MadeOf|glass
pain|laughter|IsA|sad emotion
library|drawer|CapableOf|store
school|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
death|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
security|concert|IsA|object that can be held
closet|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
church|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
attic|television|AtLocation|indoors
dust|ground|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
clothing|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
supermarket|field|HasProperty|edible
chairs|exchange|IsA|type of room
sky|store|PartOf|natural landscape
garden|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
table|apartment|IsA|pencil
movie|table|IsA|something found in a household
pocket|teacher|UsedFor|writing
bedroom|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
countryside|backyard|IsA|place you visit often
crying|pain|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
fun|bicycle|PartOf|house
skyscraper|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
airplane|temple|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
manual|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
street|restaurant|IsA|place or location
animals|garage|PartOf|the human body
yard|building|IsA|place to grow plants
roof|drugstore|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
human|doctor|IsA|place
clock|desktop|CapableOf|show you time
glass|soup|CapableOf|be used as transport 
rock|train|HasA|outdoor scenery
playground|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
restaurant|microwave|IsA|dish
key|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
cupboard|table|HasProperty|furniture
fun|discomfort|IsA|emotion
synagogue|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
yard|tree|IsA|animal
warehouse|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
building|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
fox|arkansas|HasA|start with a
library|theater|IsA|ceremony
knowledge|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
problems|pain|IsA|something a baby could have
universe|kitchen|PartOf|wood
supermarket|opera|IsA|location
basement|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
food|shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
market|kitchen|HasProperty|for buying things
restaurant|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
frustration|sadness|IsA|happy card
program|music|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
field|heaven|AtLocation|in home
wall|table|MadeOf|wood
hallway|airport|IsA|type /part of building
garden|windowsill|PartOf|glass
street|medium|UsedFor|eating or drinking
encyclopedia|class|IsA|place for students
underground|wilderness|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
pond|river|HasA|3 letters
house|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
playground|pond|IsA|country
church|workplace|IsA|country
table|dust|UsedFor|keeping things inside
bank|cabinet|UsedFor|holding things
barn|machine|UsedFor|fitness
trouble|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
knowledge|field|UsedFor|studying
suburbs|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
building|countryside|IsA|nation
refrigerator|trash|IsA|building
action|cut|CapableOf|cause pain
lake|outdoors|IsA|natural thing
airplane|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
barnyard|city|UsedFor| housing animals
passageway|hospital|IsA|item of clothing
california|arboretum|IsA|type of tree
bowl|cabinet|CapableOf|be eaten
street|driveway|HasProperty|a location
book|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
communication|agreement|IsA|verb
roof|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
jail|manual|UsedFor|driving
stress|teaching|IsA|negative emotion
backyard|yard|UsedFor|swimming
switzerland|cow|MadeOf|country
garden|windowsill|HasProperty|found in a home
suburb|michigan|IsA|business that serves food
garbage|closet|AtLocation|indoors
garden|home|CapableOf|have people  inside
concert|garden|CapableOf|have people  inside
thinking|anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
depression|problems|IsA|positive thing
supermarket|carnival|HasA|ticket box usually
food|plate|CapableOf|cook things
pond|town|IsA|nature-related
wilderness|universe|IsA|animal or book
closet|shelf|HasProperty|removable
house|party|IsA|product that people buy
jar|container|HasA|connection to food
freeway|highway|CapableOf|be lived in
kitchen|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
paperwork|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
basement|store|IsA|structure or building
hotel|bedroom|HasA|bed for sleeping
beach|michigan|CapableOf|fly
palace|gymnasium|UsedFor|sport
house|apartment|HasProperty|used for storing cars
human|battle|UsedFor|to get a degree
pocket|money|IsA|place you can visit
box|mouth|CapableOf|be watched
pond|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
kitchen|books|IsA|furniture
supermarket|montana|IsA|event
greenhouse|disneyland|IsA|furniture
field|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
roof|museum|MadeOf|wood
auditorium|church|UsedFor|praying
shop|party|IsA|building
house|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
idaho|universe|IsA|drink
silverware|stomach|HasProperty|edible
restaurant|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
homes|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
bowl|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
countryside|park|HasProperty|somewhere to go
human|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
bar|garage|AtLocation|in a building
store|workplace|UsedFor|education
shelf|bedroom|IsA|room
suit|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
cupboard|house|IsA|room
human|factory|IsA|job
laughter|love|IsA|verb
vase|shelf|UsedFor|at home
restaurant|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
waterfall|river|HasA|3 letters
sun|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
church|park|IsA|place you visit
carpet|ceiling|PartOf|building a house
magazine|magazines|CapableOf|store
theater|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
controversy|shock|HasProperty|typically positive
bathroom|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
creek|stream|IsA|natural thing
movie|game|IsA|place people can meet
sloth|cage|IsA|place
garbage|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
sink|moon|CapableOf|store small items
theater|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
hospital|shop|IsA|study room
wall|window|HasProperty|found in a house
action|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
factory|homes|IsA|place
drawer|stamps|IsA|something found in a household
container|jar|IsA|location
drawer|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
field|head|IsA|place to study
argument|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
forest|nest|IsA|living thing
store|beaver|IsA|country
ground|california|AtLocation|in the united states
bedroom|pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
bottle|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
suit|gentleman|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
opera|person|CapableOf|be heard
cage|nest|HasProperty|man-made
god|imagination|IsA|place of religion
electricity|program|UsedFor|live performances
table|house|MadeOf|wood
junk|garbage|IsA|store items
container|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
refrigerator|ground|HasProperty|decorative
prison|countryside|CapableOf|be read
mountain|park|HasA|city inside
carpet|roof|IsA|a animal
imagination|church|UsedFor|praying
seaside|california|IsA|place
town|state|AtLocation|inside a house
dust|encyclopedia|UsedFor|storage of physical items
closet|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
house|sewer|HasProperty|found below ground level
church|workplace|UsedFor|a gathering of people
jar|trunk|HasA|door
casino|florida|IsA|place you can visit
backpack|dust|MadeOf|food
store|company|IsA|public place
rain|weather|IsA|type of place
carnival|concert|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
desert|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
imagination|people|IsA|n item of furniture
stairs|room|IsA|type of building
demonstration|hospital|PartOf|the human body
restaurant|home|IsA|type of room
dentist|shop|UsedFor|cooling
park|backyard|AtLocation|outside
tears|punch|CapableOf|make you sad
valley|playground|UsedFor|driving on or over
headache|exhaustion|MadeOf|golden
motel|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
table|pantry|MadeOf|wood
bubblegum|wallet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
park|movies|IsA|drink
home|couch|UsedFor|travel
pantry|condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
desktop|windowsill|IsA|place
bedroom|apartment|HasProperty|able to be entered
pond|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
park|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
pantry|dishes|IsA|furniture
nightmares|embarrassment|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
driveway|suburb|MadeOf|sand
house|apartment|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
home|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
town|montana|IsA|part of a human
class|knowledge|IsA|physical tangible object
yard|building|IsA|place you visit often
montana|body|IsA|house where man live
classroom|books|IsA|book
magazine|bed|IsA|physical item 
newspaper|internet|HasA|letter e in it
bowl|backpack|UsedFor|storage
temple|roof|AtLocation|in your room
bedroom|wall|UsedFor|storage
office|hotel|IsA|item of clothing
bar|refrigerator|CapableOf|be entered
table|corner|UsedFor|storage
information|internet|HasProperty|a publication
supermarket|skin|IsA|part of a human
people|imagination|UsedFor|praying
listening|entertaining|IsA|activity
kitchen|office|IsA|building
ground|countryside|IsA|stone
bottle|pot|UsedFor|storing things in
mexico|yard|IsA|place people work and live
problems|trauma|IsA|positive thing
shelf|dust|HasProperty|an object
nails|box|IsA|location
shelf|vase|IsA|something kept at home
meeting|game|IsA|place people can meet
nebraska|suburb|IsA|business that serves food
beach|playground|IsA|country
driveway|china|HasProperty|a location
town|wedding|IsA|part of a human
airport|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
closet|radio|IsA|place for clothes
injuries|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
performing|pride|CapableOf|cause pain
utensils|backpack|HasProperty|an object
disneyland|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
box|jar|IsA|location
table|picture|CapableOf|show you time
utensils|stuff|UsedFor|eating
outside|park|HasProperty|a country
case|trash|CapableOf|be held in your hands
thinking|newspaper|IsA|place for students
library|store|UsedFor|reading books
dinner|box|IsA|furniture
mexico|doctor|MadeOf|by man
ocean|water|PartOf|kitchen
tennessee|louisiana|HasA|even number of letter
church|basement|IsA|place
trunk|boxes|UsedFor|storing physical things
hospital|television|IsA|ground where child play
action|store|IsA|place to be entertained
cut|action|CapableOf|cause pain
paper|atlas|HasA|walls
suffering|punishment|IsA|emotion
apartment|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
groceries|shelf|HasA|plug or power source
minnesota|farmyard|IsA|location
television|jar|IsA|object
confession|imagination|IsA|mental place
town|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
fish|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
auditorium|apartment|HasProperty|a place where people sing
shop|park|IsA|building
performing|anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
meeting|inside|IsA|building
boat|apartment|UsedFor|reading
car|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
doctor|school|IsA|job
attic|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
desert|disneyland|IsA|geographic location
death|vaccines|AtLocation|usually in a bed
park|shop|IsA|building
roof|rug|CapableOf|sleeping
seaside|america|IsA|place
store|key|CapableOf|keeping cash
shop|bathroom|MadeOf|metal
pool|puddle|UsedFor|eating or drinking
bearing|beach|UsedFor|farmers 
church|synagogue|IsA|place
hospital|building|IsA|place where people die typically
attic|building|UsedFor|generating products or plants
office|lamp|IsA|study room
corporation|president|CapableOf|place
countryside|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
city|roadway|MadeOf|sand
kitchen|hairbrush|IsA|place to sleep
cellar|shed|IsA|place
cup|refrigerator|IsA|  place
government|army|IsA|place
party|refrigerator|CapableOf|be entered
apartment|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
texas|trees|MadeOf|metal
television|closet|IsA|place for clothes
museum|library|IsA|building
jail|restaurant|UsedFor|a gathering of people
store|dinner|UsedFor|storage
picture|canada|MadeOf|plastic
exercising|motion|HasProperty|tiring
ground|refrigerator|IsA|place where people live
table|school|IsA|pencil
exchange|office|IsA|type of room
field|roof|AtLocation|outside
shelf|glass|HasProperty|edible
garage|outside|UsedFor|cooking
floor|attic|HasProperty|a household item
jail|auditorium|HasA|usually have people inside
food|cup|CapableOf|cook things
rock|street|IsA|natural or man made
home|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
church|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
spoon|kitchen|HasProperty|related to eating
people|conference|IsA|part of a human
bed|bathroom|AtLocation|mostly inside
cafe|idaho|HasProperty|something you can touch
relaxation|regret|IsA|action
heaven|circus|UsedFor|praying
demonstration|school|IsA|another word for show
theater|people|IsA|place
anthology|vase|IsA|art-related item
refrigerators|food|AtLocation|in a house
container|cup|HasA|empty space in it
egypt|montana|UsedFor|driving 
controversy|nightmares|HasProperty|typically positive
field|leaves|MadeOf|wood
stuff|utensils|IsA|piece of furniture
building|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
bowl|refrigerator|IsA|building
building|canada|AtLocation|outside
city|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
playground|garden|IsA|nation
club|church|UsedFor|learning
jail|church|HasProperty|a place where people sing
medium|street|UsedFor|transportation
dinner|closet|IsA|1 syllable word
aggression|happiness|IsA|feeling or emotion
street|countryside|HasA|buildings in it
furniture|floor|HasProperty|an animal
shelf|sink|HasProperty|furniture
field|anger|HasA|punish
bedroom|garage|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
kitchen|museum|HasA|usually have people inside
front|jar|IsA|reply to a question
kitchen|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
attic|chair|IsA|piece of furniture
refrigerators|jar|CapableOf|store things
communication|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
work|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
kitchen|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
hole|cage|IsA|place to keep money
garage|toilet|AtLocation|at home
pocket|classroom|IsA|necessity for education
ceiling|sky|PartOf|building a house
playground|landfill|UsedFor|farmers 
house|utensils|MadeOf|food
glass|window|IsA|furniture
shelf|closet|MadeOf|food
box|jar|IsA|cartoon
boxes|store|UsedFor|storing physical things
bowl|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
nightmares|shock|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
florida|prison|IsA|place
battle|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
jar|refrigerator|HasA|empty space in it
table|pantry|AtLocation|in a house
store|air|IsA|animal
birds|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
town|city|IsA|building
tennessee|cow|IsA|animal
cabinet|groceries|AtLocation|in a kitchen
neighborhood|countryside|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
world|country|PartOf|the continent 
car|boat|CapableOf|be used as transport 
party|park|IsA|n electronic device
theater|key|CapableOf|keeping cash
refrigerator|ficus|IsA|place people live
nature|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
bedroom|outside|IsA|part of a property
cupboard|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
kitchen|mouse|IsA|building
school|house|HasProperty|a place where people sing
anthology|shelf|IsA|something kept at home
junk|garage|IsA|animal
carnival|opera|CapableOf|be performed
cheese|onions|IsA|location or room
performing|action|CapableOf|cause pain
bed|box|AtLocation|on the map
butterflies|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
synagogue|confession|IsA|religious card
office|container|IsA|school supply
wall|corner|UsedFor|storage
airport|detroit|PartOf|house 
floor|shelf|MadeOf|food
cage|hole|IsA|place where money is kept
movies|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
garden|town|IsA|country
roof|field|IsA|stone
unemployment|park|IsA|drink
aquarium|river|HasA|3 letters
action|discovery|HasA|physical appearance
tent|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
house|neighborhood|IsA|place where you can live
dance|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
supermarket|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
opera|conference|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
families|park|IsA|public building
shock|embarrassment|PartOf|mental disorder
knowledge|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
container|closet|IsA|room in a home
detroit|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
pot|liquid|HasA|connection to food
garage|apartment|IsA|room
picture|outside|HasA|multiple definitions
garbage|garage|IsA|store items
synagogue|church|HasProperty|part of a human
hunger|depression|IsA|emotion
backpack|stamps|CapableOf|be held in your hands
like|favors|IsA|emotion
casino|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
birds|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
remembering|pleasure|MadeOf|wood
countryside|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
ocean|valley|HasA|water
countryside|outdoors|CapableOf|be part of a house
forest|lake|IsA|place
clouds|radio|IsA|place in a house
briefcase|library|CapableOf|be worn
homes|doorway|PartOf|house 
hole|field|AtLocation|in home
bedroom|table|AtLocation|indoors
countryside|ground|AtLocation|outside
office|apartment|UsedFor|reading
bedroom|library|IsA|ground where child play
ocean|waterfall|HasA|3 letters
chair|montana|IsA|religious card
movies|unemployment|HasProperty|something you can touch
air|basement|IsA|car
television|movies|CapableOf|be watched
sugar|mouse|IsA|room
synagogue|earth|UsedFor|learning
contemplating|action|IsA|negative emotion
ocean|circus|IsA|place of religion
city|town|UsedFor|over night stays 
countryside|woods|MadeOf|trees
tears|love|IsA|verb
joy|allergies|MadeOf|golden
party|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
newspaper|city|MadeOf|sand
magazine|information|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
table|carpet|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
grape|painting|IsA|location
container|jar|CapableOf|store things
bedroom|hallway|HasProperty|a room
suit|throne|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
summer|desktop|IsA|person
party|bedroom|IsA|study room
coffee|table|IsA|1 syllable word
information|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
storage|warehouse|AtLocation|in united states
clothing|magazines|IsA|physical item 
newspaper|city|IsA|residential area
junk|garage|PartOf|house
car|refrigerator|IsA|product that people buy
dreams|sweat|PartOf|human body
furniture|sewer|IsA|private space
toilet|sink|UsedFor|in a bathroom
heaven|russia|UsedFor|cooking
contemplating|action|CapableOf|fly
garage|attic|IsA|store items
reflection|happiness|IsA|emotion
building|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
cabinet|house|CapableOf|be moved around
can|beer|IsA|type of business
backpack|case|IsA|place
control|president|HasProperty|powerful
shelf|ground|HasProperty|used at meal time
bowl|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
montana|skin|IsA|house where man live
trees|town|HasA|properties of any kind
bowl|garden|UsedFor|storage
tent|theater|IsA|place
glass|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
table|floor|UsedFor|reading
restaurant|apartment|IsA|something found in a household
opera|synagogue|IsA|social event
ground|windowsill|PartOf|body
water|bicycle|PartOf|house
shelf|corner|IsA|place to store items
tent|opera|HasProperty|an event
box|jar|IsA|event
shelf|window|IsA|object
nightmares|death|IsA|physical object
arboretum|california|AtLocation|in the united states
book|head|HasProperty|a meal
panic|anger|IsA|negative feeling or expression
cat|floor|IsA|part of a house
condiments|cup|CapableOf|cook things
snow|forest|IsA|type of place
backpack|stuff|CapableOf|be held in your hands
school|box|UsedFor|learning
television|internet|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
oven|refrigerator|HasA|empty space in it
sun|building|IsA|specific part of a structure
lamp|house|UsedFor|work
town|trees|IsA|nation
pantry|cupboard|AtLocation|indoors
case|box|IsA|place
arboretum|refrigerator|IsA|place people live
city|town|IsA|place where you can live
attic|dust|IsA|place for clothes
box|jar|IsA|part of the body
seattle|desert|IsA|type of land
shelf|desktop|AtLocation|indoors
supermarket|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
suburb|china|MadeOf|sand
school|wilderness|IsA|place
shelf|roof|CapableOf|be found in a house
classroom|library|IsA|ceremony
hotel|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
groceries|cupboard|CapableOf|be moved around
bridge|moon|PartOf|kitchen
fun|water|IsA|place to pray
change|jar|IsA|place to be entertained
corner|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
jail|restaurants|CapableOf|be entered
crying|trauma|HasProperty|typically positive
demonstration|home|HasProperty|able to be entered
newspaper|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
telephone|museum|UsedFor|fitness
jar|change|CapableOf|keeping cash
warehouse|shed|AtLocation|within a building's structure
bedroom|party|IsA|building
closet|shed|CapableOf|be used for storage
heart|controversy|IsA|feeling
thinking|action|UsedFor|driving
wallet|action|UsedFor|living
closet|floor|UsedFor|to keep items
candy|families|IsA|public building
town|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
school|library|UsedFor|housing
pantry|refrigerator|HasA|empty space in it
town|canada|IsA|country
wedding|internet|HasProperty|alive
garbage|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
countryside|playground|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
corner|table|UsedFor|storage
backpack|utensils|IsA|furniture
street|hallway|IsA|car
church|workplace|UsedFor|punishing people
disneyland|container|UsedFor|cooking
floor|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
battle|doctor|IsA|nation symbol
church|bathroom|HasA|multiple rooms
change|bubblegum|HasA|function
empathy|happiness|IsA|emotion
plate|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
bar|refrigerator|IsA|type of room in houses
garden|park|MadeOf|glass
park|opera|IsA|place or location
mind|music|IsA|action
tent|convention|IsA|commercial browser
furniture|boat|UsedFor|reading
driveway|street|HasA|sidewalks
dinner|air|IsA|product that people buy
demonstration|apartment|UsedFor|student
shelf|picture|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
bread|onions|IsA|location or room
club|church|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
dirt|corner|HasA|feet to stand 
museum|apartment|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
desert|bird|IsA|natural thing
crying|embarrassment|PartOf|mental disorder
town|forest|IsA|nation
paper|office|UsedFor|storage
sweat|death|IsA|positive card
neighborhood|suburbs|HasA|buildings in it
anxiety|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
body|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
village|valley|AtLocation|in your company
information|book|HasProperty|a meal
florida|action|UsedFor|living
library|home|IsA|room or building
city|suburbs|HasA|buildings in it
television|office|AtLocation|inside someone's home
computer|office|IsA|place of formal education
ocean|waterfall|HasA|water
knowledge|color|UsedFor|studying
cupboard|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
encyclopedia|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
homes|church|UsedFor|ordering a burger
window|table|HasProperty|found in a house
tent|conference|IsA|place
maine|computer|AtLocation|on a map
florida|forest|CapableOf|be read
computer|demonstration|IsA|location
squirrel|swimming|HasProperty|man made
rain|basement|HasProperty|white
shock|crying|IsA|positive thing
hotel|bedroom|IsA|place
tears|happiness|HasA|punish
cabinet|locker|IsA|building
museum|office|IsA|building
shelf|table|MadeOf|wood
favors|drinking|IsA|verb
attic|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
window|apartment|MadeOf|wood
table|shelf|HasA|doors
school|computer|IsA|pencil
dishwasher|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
marmoset|burrow|IsA|place
table|store|MadeOf|food
restaurant|garden|IsA|place people work and live
castle|human|CapableOf|fly
house|supermarket|UsedFor|driving
chair|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
desires|vaccines|AtLocation|usually in a bed
house|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
porch|airport|UsedFor|cooling
auditorium|montana|IsA|place of religion
town|opera|IsA|place you buy food
refrigerator|container|IsA|location or room
continent|bay|HasProperty|human made
concert|plane|UsedFor|travel
field|minnesota|IsA|object
box|nails|IsA|location
park|garden|HasProperty|man made
kitchen|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
clouds|jail|UsedFor|driving
tree|floor|HasProperty|furniture in a house
trash|refrigerator|IsA|building
university|class|HasA|screen
house|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
bathroom|farmyard|IsA|location
dog|box|AtLocation|on the map
jail|party|UsedFor|driving
kitchen|oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
playground|town|HasA|properties of any kind
control|army|CapableOf|make you do something
bathroom|countryside|IsA|living thing
room|moon|IsA|car
wilderness|america|IsA|place
body|skin|IsA|place
basement|hallway|UsedFor|work
playground|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
attic|dust|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
garage|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
performing|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
stomach|desktop|HasA|edible items for sale
government|country|CapableOf|place
classroom|student|UsedFor|reading and studying
shop|doctor|CapableOf|provide a service
museum|bar|IsA|room in a property
park|building|HasA|properties of any kind
table|backpack|MadeOf|food
hospital|library|UsedFor|reading books
basement|cupboard|HasA|roof
change|supermarket|UsedFor|living
jar|key|CapableOf|be held in your hands
library|building|CapableOf|float
doctor|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
water|moon|HasProperty|a building
bar|kitchen|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
bar|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
florida|theater|IsA|place you can visit
corner|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
paper|map|IsA|building
beach|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
mouse|porch|CapableOf|cooking
building|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
corner|shelf|UsedFor|storage
bathroom|human|CapableOf|be lived in
silverware|shelf|HasProperty|edible
workplace|school|IsA|type of building
cupboard|roof|IsA|place to store items
restaurant|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
restaurant|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
hallway|kitchen|HasProperty|a room
drawer|floor|IsA|1 syllable word
synagogue|body|IsA|place
nightmares|controversy|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
apartment|loft|IsA|private space
safe|university|IsA|part media
box|backpack|CapableOf|be held in your hands
utensils|dinner|UsedFor|eating
homes|restaurant|UsedFor|ordering a burger
sink|oven|UsedFor|washing or cooking
table|trunk|UsedFor|keeping things inside
conference|buildings|UsedFor|putting on a show
ground|apartment|IsA|type of tree
neighborhood|city|HasA|buildings in it
clothes|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
home|floor|CapableOf|store
university|closet|AtLocation|within a building's structure
bedroom|desktop|UsedFor|storage
disneyland|apartment|IsA|something found in a household
utensils|trash|IsA|furniture
trouble|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
countryside|backyard|IsA|country
garden|storage|CapableOf|work
pennsylvania|switzerland|HasProperty|located in europe
computer|telephone|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
store|building|IsA|item of clothing
russia|lemur|UsedFor|food
theater|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
sleep|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
jar|cupboard|IsA|location
human|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
garden|outdoors|CapableOf|be part of a house
nest|roof|HasProperty|man-made
desktop|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
shelf|floor|IsA|object
hairbrush|school|PartOf|the human body
canada|town|IsA|country
outside|dog|AtLocation|on the map
injury|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
knowledge|information|PartOf|human mind
floor|snore|HasProperty|a household item
potatoes|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
lamp|couch|UsedFor|work
shed|room|IsA|place to pray
valley|river|HasProperty|human made
kentucky|canada|PartOf|political geographical area
harbor|car|UsedFor|transportation
hospital|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
sea|pond|HasA|earth
newspaper|magazines|IsA|physical item 
communication|laughter|IsA|negative feeling
building|airport|IsA|public place
nature|home|IsA|animal
party|shop|IsA|building
pocket|key|HasProperty|to do with currency
building|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
cabinet|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
den|basement|HasA|ceiling
newspaper|yard|UsedFor|transportation
party|office|IsA|study room
library|pocket|UsedFor|viewing/reading
wilderness|outdoors|MadeOf|trees
playground|pond|CapableOf|be part of a house
cellar|sewer|IsA|room
bedroom|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
apartment|house|HasA|usually have people inside
restaurant|trees|IsA|country
market|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
manual|dictionary|CapableOf|be used virtually 
den|basement|HasA|door
cabinet|desk|IsA|dish
house|greenhouse|CapableOf|laugh
newspaper|porch|UsedFor|studying in
roof|desktop|CapableOf|be found in a house
china|newspaper|IsA|state
meeting|university|HasA|person stood at the front
garage|building|HasProperty|a type of property
pocket|desktop|IsA|necessity for education
canada|park|MadeOf|fiber
boxes|sewer|IsA|room
apartment|bathroom|IsA|location
closet|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
toronto|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
picture|clock|MadeOf|paper
disneyland|seattle|AtLocation|at america
cup|refrigerator|IsA|type of room in houses
suburb|subdivision|IsA|state
office|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
clock|work|MadeOf|paper
closet|trunk|IsA|made of wood
injury|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
case|box|IsA|furniture
bar|church|IsA|state in usa
beer|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
ocean|roof|CapableOf|fly
bus|ocean|IsA|country or state
bowl|home|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
plate|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
bar|classroom|IsA|room
forest|street|IsA|type of land
clouds|dust|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
love|tears|IsA|activity
store|homes|UsedFor|education
space|jar|AtLocation|public area
mexico|forest|AtLocation|outside
town|supermarket|UsedFor|camping
trees|countryside|UsedFor|children to play
corner|office|HasProperty|used for learning
town|world|IsA|specific place
garage|motel|CapableOf|hold people against their will
jar|ocean|HasA|pipe system attached
table|church|MadeOf|glass
office|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
depression|problems|IsA|negative feeling
lumberyard|inside|IsA|place or location
bed|television|HasProperty|a household item
bottle|can|HasA|plug or power source
knowledge|head|UsedFor|studying
restaurant|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
contemplating|injury|CapableOf|fly
human|wings|UsedFor|travel
dust|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
desk|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
house|building|IsA|item of clothing
bowl|store|IsA|type of room
cellar|closet|AtLocation|within a building's structure
computer|house|HasProperty|a room
floor|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
chair|television|AtLocation|in home
bird|fleas|IsA|a animal
bathroom|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
church|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
apartment|tent|IsA|part of a human
clothes|floor|IsA|made of wood
performing|food|CapableOf|cause pain
garage|soup|CapableOf|be used as transport 
wedding|car|HasProperty|a type of home
cup|bed|UsedFor|indoor activities
dinner|stuff|IsA|piece of furniture
house|floor|UsedFor|to keep items
bedroom|concert|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
porch|trash|IsA|furniture
church|money|UsedFor|living
teaching|excitement|IsA|negative feeling or expression
sink|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
paper|garden|HasProperty|sold in stores
party|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
office|bedroom|IsA|type /part of building
australia|city|IsA|place
bus|churchyard|AtLocation|in your company
neighborhood|house|UsedFor|transportation
space|answer|UsedFor|containing objects
closet|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
michigan|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
funeral|city|CapableOf|have people physically in it
closet|carpet|HasProperty|found inside a house
church|movie|UsedFor|learning
library|head|HasProperty|a meal
plate|jar|IsA|  place
ground|sky|IsA|car
cinema|theater|HasProperty|a gathering place
roadway|driveway|IsA|state
joy|allergies|MadeOf|pause
stomach|sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
ground|attic|CapableOf|show films
can|bottle|IsA|type of business
kitchen|table|CapableOf|be consumed
shelf|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
supermarket|bathroom|IsA|food
cat|snore|PartOf|house
embarrassment|money|IsA|positive thing
dishwasher|shelf|IsA|furniture 
heaven|church|IsA|religious card
street|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
drugstore|temple|IsA|specific part of a structure
television|cat|IsA|place
valley|michigan|IsA|business that serves food
garden|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
cellar|market|IsA|food
office|hospital|UsedFor|reading books
museum|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
people|opera|HasProperty|part of a human
home|house|IsA|place to sleep
apartment|home|CapableOf|be slept in
shop|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
stretch|exercising|CapableOf|cause injury
tears|love|IsA|activity
jar|movies|IsA|object
desktop|electricity|UsedFor|work
drawer|bed|UsedFor|cooling
greenhouse|ground|HasA|head
woods|outside|HasProperty|part of your  house
basement|wood|IsA|place or location
pantry|can|IsA|type of business
garage|demonstration|IsA|human or part of human
pride|performing|CapableOf|fly
suburb|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
china|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
pot|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
refrigerator|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
montana|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
city|control|HasA|movie
wedding|people|IsA|part of a human
park|greenhouse|AtLocation|outside
montana|church|IsA|place
roof|bathtub|IsA|building
michigan|windowsill|IsA|living thing
bird|forest|IsA|natural thing
conference|people|IsA|part of a human
mountain|beach|IsA|living thing
passageway|school|UsedFor|reading books
supermarket|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
chocolate|jar|IsA|public building
box|mail|IsA|room in a home
bicycle|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
shelf|cabinet|IsA|room
hotel|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
outside|ground|IsA|living/once living
home|bathroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
forest|pond|IsA|country
college|school|UsedFor|studying in
animals|palace|PartOf|the human body
trunk|shelf|CapableOf|be worn
learning|dancing|MadeOf|the human body
wood|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
supermarket|wedding|IsA|place
cupboard|field|IsA|food
pot|trash|IsA|furniture
fun|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
nature|garage|IsA|place
meeting|television|AtLocation|in a store
house|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
garden|plants|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
cabinet|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
bedroom|outside|IsA|part of a house
bathroom|countryside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
floor|drawer|IsA|store items
synagogue|theater|HasProperty|part of a human
office|market|HasProperty|able to be entered
street|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
table|plate|IsA|location or room
furniture|cat|HasProperty|a household item
attic|garage|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
problems|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
store|beach|IsA|living thing
trunk|car|HasA|doors
supermarket|restaurant|CapableOf|be opened/closed
pocket|purse|HasA|function
fun|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
loft|floor|CapableOf|sleeping
water|ground|HasProperty|white
magazine|newspaper|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
trees|town|IsA|place to grow plants
beaver|desert|UsedFor|driving 
bathroom|basement|HasA|ceiling
god|confession|UsedFor|praying
birds|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
trauma|nightmares|PartOf|mental disorder
crying|suffering|IsA|emotion
funeral|apartment|MadeOf|wood
desert|forest|HasProperty|related to water falling
electricity|silence|UsedFor|live performances
canada|building|IsA|nature-related
porch|library|IsA|room or building
atlas|locker|CapableOf|be worn
cabinet|poet|IsA|object that can be held
smiles|tears|IsA|verb
store|restaurant|CapableOf|be opened/closed
joy|relaxation|IsA|action
shelf|desktop|MadeOf|paper
airport|church|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
passageway|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
kitchen|home|HasProperty|a public place
park|town|UsedFor|children to play
thinking|cut|CapableOf|cause pain
outdoors|canada|IsA|country
earth|supermarket|UsedFor|learning
house|toilet|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
balloon|jail|UsedFor|driving
elevator|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
window|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
conference|nails|UsedFor|carrying things
fun|smiles|IsA|enjoyable
trash|refrigerator|IsA|place to make food
crying|pain|IsA|negative feeling
outside|backyard|UsedFor|cooking food
california|rosebush|UsedFor|work
hospital|street|AtLocation|inside a house
roadway|yard|MadeOf|sand
countryside|rock|PartOf|nature
food|pantry|HasProperty|used for meals
sweat|death|PartOf|human body
synagogue|montana|UsedFor|buying food
library|school|CapableOf|have a street address
cabinet|attic|IsA|room (type)
town|opera|IsA|planet
telephone|desktop|IsA|n electronic device
montana|church|IsA|part of a human
inspiration|crying|IsA|negative feeling
street|water|IsA|car
cupboard|outside|HasProperty|found below ground level
pain|remembering|PartOf|mental disorder
bedroom|security|IsA|object that can be held
wedding|opera|UsedFor|buying food
town|tent|UsedFor|buying food
mountain|beach|CapableOf|fly
food|plate|UsedFor|keeping things cool
books|shelf|IsA|furniture 
human|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
floor|carpet|IsA|type of room
street|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
plate|market|IsA|type of food
conference|synagogue|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
store|shed|IsA|room in a home
cellar|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
book|university|HasA|screen
unemployment|universe|IsA|drink
soup|medium|CapableOf|be used as transport 
dinner|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
table|clothing|CapableOf|be easily carried
suburbs|yard|UsedFor|transportation
telephone|desktop|IsA|building 
continent|africa|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
alcohol|clouds|IsA|product that people buy
security|classroom|IsA|object that can be held
outside|ground|AtLocation|inside
casino|pocket|UsedFor|living
forest|yard|IsA|place people work and live
class|information|IsA|place for students
funeral|television|IsA|part of the body
computer|classroom|UsedFor|packing things inside
refrigerator|pot|IsA|type of business
school|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
meeting|internet|AtLocation|on a shelf
bridge|toilet|HasA|pipe system attached
container|shelf|IsA|type of business
cupboard|cabinet|HasProperty|found below ground level
basement|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
information|university|HasA|screen
nature|cat|HasProperty|an animal
apartment|bedroom|HasA|usually have people inside
desk|people|IsA|religious card
home|skyscraper|UsedFor|travel
sleeping|nightmares|CapableOf|hurt
market|cellar|IsA|food
wall|gate|IsA|business
teacher|classroom|IsA|school supply
mexico|doctor|PartOf|man body
pot|trash|IsA|building
desktop|museum|CapableOf|be worn
casino|store|UsedFor|living
hotel|jar|IsA|event
store|apartment|PartOf|waste management system
lamp|desktop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
ocean|hope|MadeOf|energy
cage|dictionary|MadeOf|water
bedroom|desk|IsA|study room
party|machine|UsedFor|communication
conference|wedding|HasProperty|a gathering place
salad|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
dictionary|desktop|IsA|necessity for education
punishment|sweetness|UsedFor|punish
kitchen|toilet|IsA|furniture
michigan|city|IsA|building
auditorium|montana|UsedFor|praying
minnesota|suburb|IsA|building
montana|church|IsA|house where man live
water|sun|AtLocation|at a home
apartment|house|CapableOf|hold people against their will
backpack|car|CapableOf|be worn
desktop|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
canada|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
controversy|remembering|IsA|emotion
exercise|movement|HasProperty|tiring
waterfall|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
computer|classroom|UsedFor|student
floor|furniture|IsA|place
cage|creek|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
town|car|HasProperty|a gathering place
rug|floor|IsA|building
doorway|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
speaker|mouth|CapableOf|make a sound
newspaper|television|HasProperty|a meal
england|california|IsA|country or state name
building|ocean|UsedFor|reading books
maine|indiana|IsA|us state
love|church|IsA|state in usa
restaurant|opera|UsedFor|work
ocean|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
museum|computer|UsedFor|storing things inside
nature|floor|IsA|store items
cupboard|basement|UsedFor|cooking
magazines|friends|IsA|type /part of building
air|sky|HasProperty|man made
sea|snow|IsA|vacation destination
agreement|excitement|IsA|verb
room|house|HasProperty|white
water|hallway|IsA|car
funeral|building|MadeOf|wood
desk|park|HasProperty|1 syllable
field|color|HasProperty|related to studying
book|library|IsA|physical tangible object
chair|desk|MadeOf|energy
house|roof|HasA|animal
windowsill|summer|IsA|person
clock|desk|IsA|inanimate object
classroom|box|UsedFor|learning
excitement|enjoyment|IsA|emotion
table|car|HasA|doors
knowledge|book|HasProperty|a meal
discovery|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
electricity|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
home|arboretum|AtLocation|in the united states
desk|drawer|IsA|something found in a household
mouth|box|IsA|event
bedroom|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
rug|apartment|CapableOf|sleep on it
palace|outside|IsA|in a home
table|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
people|church|IsA|part of a human
manual|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
field|ground|MadeOf|wood
jail|doctor|CapableOf|provide a service
book|thinking|IsA|part media
church|basement|IsA|type of room
roof|plants|PartOf|body
bowl|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
trees|countryside|CapableOf|be part of a house
trash|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
greenhouse|pot|CapableOf|storing food
mouth|telephone|IsA|tv show
barn|building|IsA|sound
kitchen|bowl|AtLocation|in a house
computer|table|UsedFor|packing things inside
river|bay|HasProperty|human made
home|cat|IsA|garden
city|cow|IsA|animal
school|library|IsA|type of building
greenhouse|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
college|meeting|IsA|object
office|home|IsA|object that can be held
stamps|case|IsA|piece of furniture
fight|anger|IsA|positive card
ocean|skyscraper|AtLocation|in your company
pride|action|HasA|physical appearance
synagogue|apartment|IsA|commercial browser
house|countryside|MadeOf|sand
trunk|automobile|HasProperty|easily movable
yard|pond|IsA|place you visit often
backpack|paper|UsedFor|writing
commercial|stream|AtLocation|at a zoo
waterfall|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
shelf|silverware|UsedFor|washing or cooking
desk|house|IsA|ground where child play
opera|park|IsA|place or location
computer|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
newspaper|internet|AtLocation|in a store
kitchen|cabinet|AtLocation|indoors
barn|road|IsA|music related event
hospital|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
basement|kitchen|IsA|room
music|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
place|bedroom|HasA|legs
bed|airport|CapableOf|store
coats|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
container|can|HasProperty|a beverage
box|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
apartment|theater|UsedFor| gathering together
forest|trees|UsedFor|children to play
pride|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
cellar|bathroom|HasProperty|a room in a building
table|opera|UsedFor|worship
bus|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
dinner|safe|IsA|place to study
families|television|UsedFor|eating
texas|florida|PartOf|the south
jar|container|IsA|school supply
jar|restaurant|IsA|event
drawer|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
knowing|hunger|IsA|emotion
bar|casino|MadeOf|metal
room|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
bathroom|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
bedroom|oven|HasProperty|edible
pocket|church|UsedFor|living
enjoyment|entertaining|IsA|verb
house|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
case|desk|MadeOf|wood
locker|office|IsA|place of learning
shoes|box|AtLocation|inside a house
ground|dust|CapableOf|show films
case|drawer|UsedFor|storage
town|montana|UsedFor|buying food
wings|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
pizza|cheese|IsA|location or room
library|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
garage|warehouse|AtLocation|within a building's structure
buildings|conference|HasProperty|a gathering place
bed|doctor|IsA|room or building
cupboard|glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
cabinet|porch|CapableOf|cooking
cat|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
paperwork|bed|AtLocation|with water
pleasure|pride|IsA|happy card
shelf|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
utensils|table|UsedFor|eating
meeting|class|PartOf|human mind
dreams|vaccines|CapableOf|hurt
nails|pocket|IsA|place where students learn
store|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
university|thinking|IsA|place for students
concert|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
painting|countryside|HasProperty|in a cold climate
home|airport|CapableOf|store
happiness|like|IsA|physical emotion
concert|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
temple|classroom|AtLocation|in your room
garage|room|AtLocation|within a building's structure
groceries|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
cabinet|conference|UsedFor|reading
backyard|pond|AtLocation|outside
forest|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
backpack|closet|IsA|made of wood
closet|jar|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
prison|freeway|CapableOf|be read
house|closet|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
state|minnesota|IsA|part of a municipality
plants|ground|IsA|place
wilderness|outdoors|IsA|natural thing
table|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
church|garage|AtLocation|within a building's structure
reflection|anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
forest|countryside|IsA|place
death|nightmares|HasProperty|negative in human sense
pantry|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
suburb|city|MadeOf|sand
person|opera|CapableOf|be heard
trees|backyard|IsA|country
woods|forest|MadeOf|trees
weather|street|IsA|geographic location
restaurant|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
park|garden|CapableOf|be man made
mexico|school|MadeOf|by man
basement|candle|IsA|car
bedroom|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
sink|pool|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
table|party|AtLocation|inside a house
park|garden|IsA|nature-related
house|car|IsA|made of wood
hospital|funeral|PartOf|the human body
school|stadium|HasA|pool
bedroom|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
attic|basement|UsedFor|storage
garage|apartment|IsA|furniture
outside|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
garbage|attic|AtLocation|indoors
bathroom|restaurant|IsA|food
suburbs|suburb|HasA|buildings in it
information|telegram|HasProperty|a solid item 
china|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
street|tree|IsA|animal
hairbrush|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
anger|punch|UsedFor|punish
roof|park|PartOf|glass
garage|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
roadway|desert|IsA|state
convention|town|IsA|commercial browser
families|chocolate|IsA|event
forest|birds|HasProperty|man made
forest|yard|UsedFor|swimming
manual|books|UsedFor|reading
building|library|UsedFor|borrowing books
desert|tropics|IsA|big space
bridge|playground|HasProperty|made by humans
countryside|wilderness|HasProperty|in or is a building
cupboard|box|UsedFor|eating
bed|table|HasProperty|furniture in a house
apartment|theater|UsedFor|buying food
anxiety|cut|CapableOf|cause pain
room|home|MadeOf|living parts
cupboard|container|UsedFor|cooking
supermarket|cinema|HasProperty|alive
telephone|office|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
theater|earth|IsA|house where man live
peanuts|jar|HasA|connection to food
america|freeway|IsA|place
pennsylvania|asia|MadeOf|rocks
trash|case|CapableOf|be held in your hands
office|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
container|cabinet|IsA|school supply
garage|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
chair|trouble|IsA|place
kitchen|wall|UsedFor|storage
chocolate|families|IsA|event
factory|garden|AtLocation|in united states
town|opera|IsA|place or location
trunk|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
container|food|AtLocation|in a house
stable|ranch|MadeOf|country
canada|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
bridge|moon|HasA|pipe system attached
school|library|IsA|object
notebook|meeting|HasProperty|material
remembering|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
television|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
entertainment|stupid|IsA|emotion
peanuts|space|UsedFor|containing objects
cellar|sewer|IsA|room in a building
cabinet|dishwasher|IsA|form of entertainment
synagogue|conference|IsA|social event
trunk|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
junk|snore|PartOf|house
bicycle|fun|PartOf|house
house|jail|HasA|usually have people inside
disneyland|bowl|IsA|place to make food
corner|wall|MadeOf|wood
wedding|town|HasProperty|alive
kitchen|loft|AtLocation|in your room
anxiety|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
state|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
classroom|building|IsA|ceremony
detroit|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
valley|bay|HasA|water
radio|telephone|AtLocation|on/in the human body
box|car|PartOf|house
detroit|birds|UsedFor|travel
bar|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
attic|warehouse|UsedFor|storage
convention|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
hallway|city|IsA|country or state
garden|countryside|IsA|part of nature
hotel|movies|IsA|part of the body
china|suburb|MadeOf|sand
furniture|chair|IsA|store items
park|university|HasProperty|something you can touch
jail|homes|UsedFor|a gathering of people
store|bowl|IsA|tableware
restaurants|supermarket|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
television|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
church|montana|IsA|place you buy food
relaxation|fun|IsA|action
airport|porch|IsA|room or building
movement|effort|HasProperty|usually fast
restaurant|supermarket|CapableOf|be opened/closed
water|fun|IsA|mode of transportation
library|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
auditorium|hotel|HasA|usually have people inside
water|glass|IsA|physical item 
computer|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
shop|corner|IsA|n electronic device
loft|bathtub|IsA|type of building
sleep|garage|AtLocation|in home
outdoors|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
jar|plate|UsedFor|keeping things cool
human|ocean|UsedFor|storing things
product|demonstration|IsA|place
maine|bus|AtLocation|on a map
country|canada|IsA|place
stomach|sink|HasA|edible items for sale
bank|garden|HasA|feet to stand 
table|backpack|UsedFor|learning
barn|telephone|UsedFor|fun
sadness|pain|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
restaurant|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
tears|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
electricity|garden|UsedFor|worship
car|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
toilet|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
dust|clouds|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
clothing|store|UsedFor|storage
australia|bank|UsedFor|cooking
desk|classroom|IsA|necessity for education
suburbs|city|IsA|proper noun
ceiling|classroom|CapableOf|move location
pleasure|sleep|MadeOf|wood
restaurant|workplace|UsedFor|free
park|jail|IsA|place
bottle|container|HasProperty|a beverage
roof|store|CapableOf|fly
roof|ground|MadeOf|wood
restaurant|garden|MadeOf|glass
store|garden|UsedFor|storage
moon|bridge|PartOf|kitchen
casino|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
suicide|entertaining|IsA|emotion
enjoyment|fun|IsA|verb
television|manual|IsA|place
refrigerator|burger|IsA|location or room
sleep|television|HasProperty|a household item
playground|outside|UsedFor|driving on or over
desk|party|IsA|ground where child play
skin|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
apartment|church|HasProperty|an event
computer|lamp|AtLocation|in a kitchen
opera|convention|UsedFor|buying food
sink|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
kitchen|hallway|AtLocation|in a building
bar|garage|IsA|room in a property
nature|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
market|restaurant|CapableOf| be moved
families|jar|IsA|place
outside|picture|HasA|multiple definitions
kitchen|food|HasProperty|related to eating
cupboard|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
desktop|office|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
basement|attic|IsA|room in a home
bowl|nails|AtLocation|in a home
magazine|bed|IsA|room or building
disneyland|inside|AtLocation|in a house
apartment|home|HasProperty|a state in the usa
ground|house|HasA|head
party|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
magazines|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
table|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
ocean|bathroom|IsA|building
erections|sleeping|AtLocation|usually in a bed
texas|maine|IsA|us state
city|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
table|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
street|trunk|CapableOf|be lived in
room|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
burrow|marmoset|IsA|place
closet|warehouse|AtLocation|within a building's structure
restaurant|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
food|cup|AtLocation|in a house
kitchen|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
sun|house|IsA|car
floor|rug|MadeOf|living parts
humiliation|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
mansion|apartment|IsA|single structure
furniture|loft|IsA|type of building
television|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
australia|suburbs|IsA|place
field|punishment|IsA|noun
bathroom|war|CapableOf|be performed
house|school|HasA|roof
plane|carnival|UsedFor|travel
roadway|yard|IsA|place where you can live
closet|coats|IsA|place to live
war|person|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
supermarket|action|IsA|place to be entertained
canada|town|HasA|properties of any kind
room|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
information|books|UsedFor|reading
countryside|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
action|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
glass|pool|CapableOf|be used as transport 
library|shop|IsA|ground where child play
home|backyard|IsA|part of a house
boat|fish|HasA|water
books|glass|HasProperty|furniture
library|building|UsedFor|borrowing books
park|roof|HasA|head
discovery|injury|CapableOf|fly
suburb|montana|HasProperty|a location
supermarket|opera|UsedFor|learning
outdoors|valley|MadeOf|trees
hole|lemur|AtLocation|in home
television|bed|PartOf|house
porch|mouse|IsA|place to make food
refrigerator|container|IsA|  place
library|manual|UsedFor|instructions
clouds|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
library|books|MadeOf|meet
shelf|roof|HasA|doors
trouble|bed|IsA|place
synagogue|opera|HasProperty|an event
table|stamps|IsA|dish
teapot|apartment|AtLocation|in the united states
boat|carpet|IsA|place or location
candle|sky|UsedFor|work
doctor|workplace|IsA|country
electricity|desktop|UsedFor|worship
moon|sky|AtLocation|at a home
restaurant|apartment|IsA|dish
skin|apartment|IsA|part of a human
wilderness|countryside|IsA|animal or book
table|bathtub|HasProperty|found in a house
australia|lemur|UsedFor|food
store|basement|IsA|structure or building
desert|town|CapableOf|be parked on
restaurant|store|CapableOf|be opened/closed
field|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
office|party|IsA|study room
kitchen|refrigerator|HasA|store edible items
water|street|IsA|car
death|stress|IsA|positive card
corner|closet|CapableOf|show films
cabinet|apartment|UsedFor|storage
ceiling|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
garage|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
field|class|IsA|place to study
hole|heaven|MadeOf|paper
thinking|library|IsA|place for students
casino|jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
town|tent|IsA|place you buy food
thinking|safe|UsedFor|studying
heart|park|IsA|feeling 
potatoes|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
basement|closet|IsA|structure or building
garage|bedroom|IsA|room
theater|pocket|UsedFor|living
war|class|CapableOf|be performed
desktop|garage|IsA|place to store items
lightning|cut|CapableOf|cause pain
pocket|nails|IsA|piece of furniture
sailboat|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
sink|desktop|MadeOf|metal
sorrow|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
box|stuff|IsA|furniture
table|shop|CapableOf|store
office|concert|IsA|object that can be held
company|microwave|AtLocation|library
plate|ground|IsA|place
car|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
lemur|bank|UsedFor|food
briefcase|cabinet|IsA|building
change|theater|UsedFor|living
television|program|UsedFor|worship
wallet|stamps|IsA|something found in a household
pocket|jar|IsA|place where students learn
office|museum|UsedFor|fitness
agreement|dancing|IsA|activity
desktop|party|IsA|ground where child play
classroom|store|UsedFor|carrying things
refrigerator|alcohol|UsedFor|eating or drinking
church|water|PartOf|house
performing|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
stomach|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
michigan|store|CapableOf|fly
mountains|snow|HasProperty|cold
thinking|contemplating|IsA|emotion
opera|people|IsA|place
case|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
house|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
garage|person|CapableOf|be attended
supermarket|basement|HasA|door
telephone|party|IsA|ground where child play
trees|mexico|AtLocation|outside
home|microwave|IsA|part of a property
hotel|room|HasA|usually have people inside
class|knowledge|IsA|part media
desk|floor|IsA|type of room
box|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
house|hotel|IsA|place you could sleep in
ocean|conference|IsA|n item of furniture
desert|neighborhood|IsA|state
birds|desert|HasProperty|man made
car|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
excitement|teaching|HasA|ltr p
people|opera|HasProperty|an event
desk|office|UsedFor|cooking
soup|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
shelf|jar|UsedFor|storage 
wedding|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
theater|furniture|UsedFor|reading
dishwasher|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
exhaustion|cleanliness|MadeOf|golden
apartment|church|HasA|fee to visit
canada|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
earth|tent|HasProperty|an event
sink|chicken|IsA|physical item 
california|arboretum|AtLocation|in the united states
synagogue|locker|UsedFor|reading
synagogue|town|IsA|event
skyscraper|yard|AtLocation|indoors
food|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
anxiety|contemplating|IsA|emotion
bathroom|toilet|UsedFor|urination
passageway|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
dinner|manual|CapableOf|be entered
sunshine|street|HasProperty|hot
cabinet|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
hotel|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
space|answer|HasProperty|related to children
suit|game|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
lamp|computer|CapableOf|plug into the wall
road|peanuts|IsA|music related event
container|cupboard|HasProperty|found below ground level
lamp|passageway|UsedFor|reading books
trunk|highway|CapableOf|be lived in
earth|church|IsA|part of a human
skin|earth|IsA|place
trunk|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
bathroom|classroom|IsA|object that can be held
band|doctor|IsA|job
pizza|bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
pocket|supermarket|UsedFor|living
museum|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
backyard|town|HasA|properties of any kind
demonstration|computer|IsA|building
refrigerator|pantry|AtLocation|indoors
floor|cat|HasProperty|a household item
furniture|store|IsA|private space
injuries|tension|IsA|positive card
bottle|groceries|MadeOf|wood
cooking|canada|IsA|outdoor location
forest|pond|CapableOf|be part of a house
conference|apartment|IsA|planet
park|store|CapableOf|have people inside
church|classroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
motel|hospital|IsA|building
pantry|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
playground|building|AtLocation|outside
outside|antarctica|PartOf|house
store|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
supermarket|house|UsedFor|driving
ocean|circus|UsedFor|praying
jar|pocket|UsedFor|writing
shed|trash|IsA|room in a home
injury|thinking|IsA|colorful
street|store|HasProperty|man made
container|box|IsA|location
demonstration|building|IsA|sound
suburb|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
park|forest|UsedFor|swimming
enjoyment|like|IsA|verb
cabinet|desktop|IsA|place of learning
floor|newspaper|IsA|physical item 
cupboard|trash|UsedFor|eating
bowl|apartment|IsA|furniture
floor|nature|HasProperty|a household item
bowl|trash|IsA|place to make food
toronto|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
salad|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
library|information|PartOf|publication
jar|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
greenhouse|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
alcohol|car|IsA|product that people buy
books|manual|MadeOf|technology
carnival|dance|CapableOf|be performed
pantry|container|IsA|type of business
sink|oven|HasA|edible items for sale
space|closet|PartOf|wood
defeat|stress|IsA|feeling or emotion
paperwork|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
office|hallway|HasProperty|a public place
film|wallet|IsA|form of entertainment
church|workplace|IsA|person
accomplishment|death|HasProperty|about  clashes
jail|manual|PartOf|food and drink
food|spoon|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
store|roof|CapableOf|sleeping
antarctica|switzerland|MadeOf|country
floor|toronto|PartOf|house
roof|ocean|CapableOf|fly
box|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
snore|cat|HasProperty|a household item
carrots|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
basement|fun|IsA|place to pray
desktop|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
book|university|IsA|place for students
furniture|library|IsA|ceremony
dictionary|books|IsA|book
lake|city|IsA|place
drawer|home|CapableOf|provide a service
building|yard|AtLocation|outside
forest|trees|HasA|walls
supermarket|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
food|table|UsedFor|keeping things cool
country|table|UsedFor|worship
bearing|beach|HasA|first letter b
countryside|playground|AtLocation|outside
drugstore|kitchen|AtLocation|in your room
restaurant|spoon|IsA|type of room
internet|theater|HasProperty|a gathering place
table|couch|MadeOf|glass
television|cat|HasProperty|a household item
briefcase|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
outside|closet|AtLocation|on the map
crowd|concert|CapableOf|have people physically in it
garbage|television|HasProperty|known as dirty
university|meeting|HasA|person stood at the front
bank|bathroom|IsA|room
valley|bus|IsA|country or state
house|apartment|PartOf|admin role
thinking|color|IsA|part media
bathroom|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
food|action|CapableOf|cause pain
drawer|nature|AtLocation|in home
mexico|battle|HasProperty|outdoors
roof|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
exercising|discipline|HasProperty|tiring
suburbs|house|IsA|place where you can live
meeting|restaurant|HasA|person stood at the front
airport|home|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
windowsill|roof|CapableOf|fly
ocean|people|IsA|place of religion
house|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
toilet|apartment|UsedFor|formal learning
backpack|floor|IsA|furniture 
bedroom|garage|MadeOf|wood
woods|computer|IsA|type of building
clothes|car|IsA|1 syllable word
apartment|theater|IsA|part of a human
library|window|IsA|ceremony
synagogue|town|UsedFor|learning
god|chair|IsA|mental place
office|synagogue|IsA|building
wilderness|city|CapableOf|be walked on
market|home|HasProperty|able to be entered
dishwasher|porch|IsA|building
ground|park|HasA|head
rosebush|canada|UsedFor|work
humiliation|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
park|library|IsA|n electronic device
office|kitchen|CapableOf|be slept in
maze|freeway|HasA|beds
suburbs|montana|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
books|beaver|IsA|american state
yard|town|AtLocation|outside
suburb|yard|UsedFor|transportation
suffering|punishment|HasA|punish
key|change|UsedFor|living
palace|court|UsedFor|sport
attic|ground|CapableOf|make sounds
sink|trunk|HasA|door
class|book|IsA|part media
floor|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
shelf|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
barnyard|antarctica|UsedFor|food
fear|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
drawer|film|IsA|piece of furniture
supermarket|jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
convention|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
computer|bedroom|UsedFor|work
city|countryside|IsA|proper noun
porch|universe|UsedFor|serving food
boat|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
classroom|drugstore|AtLocation|in your room
government|control|IsA|book
restaurant|garage|IsA|room
library|thinking|IsA|part media
house|ocean|IsA|item of clothing
street|sink|UsedFor|eating or drinking
desk|floor|UsedFor|sitting on
ground|home|IsA|type of tree
pantry|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
mountains|countryside|IsA|living/once living
chair|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
street|landfill|MadeOf|metal or plastic
kennel|dog|IsA|place or location
table|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
bathroom|ocean|CapableOf|fly
refrigerators|condiments|HasProperty|used for meals
wires|bar|HasProperty|a property 
suburbs|freeway|IsA|man-made thing
outdoors|lake|IsA|natural thing
ball|landfill|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
field|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
garage|museum|AtLocation|in a building
action|money|UsedFor|living
forest|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
portfolio|notebook|HasProperty|sold in stores
desk|shelf|CapableOf|contain multiple people
toilet|museum|HasProperty|a room
table|condiments|CapableOf|store things
market|refrigerator|IsA|piece of furniture
room|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
theater|conference|HasProperty|alive
church|apartment|IsA|place
airport|clothing|CapableOf|store
universe|unemployment|IsA|place you can visit
apartment|conference|UsedFor|putting on a show
park|pond|CapableOf|be part of a house
color|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
crowd|city|IsA| event
classroom|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
countryside|subdivision|IsA|place where you can live
school|war|PartOf|the human body
container|condiments|IsA|  place
movie|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
barn|plane|IsA|music related event
pizza|table|IsA|location or room
opera|synagogue|UsedFor|learning
restaurant|backyard|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
floor|closet|UsedFor|to keep items
rain|disneyland|IsA|type of place
wisconsin|city|CapableOf|be walked on
sunshine|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
favors|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
wisconsin|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
chair|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
refrigerators|food|CapableOf|be found in a house
carpet|chair|UsedFor|sitting on
stove|refrigerators|HasA|empty space in it
skyscraper|bed|PartOf|house 
kitchen|glass|CapableOf|be used for school
basement|disneyland|HasProperty|found below ground level
bathroom|pantry|HasA|door
floor|sink|IsA|furniture
synagogue|map|CapableOf|be worn
greenhouse|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
disneyland|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
table|condiments|UsedFor|keeping things cool
ranch|cow|MadeOf|country
wires|hotel|IsA|list of alphabets
warehouse|shed|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
indiana|california|MadeOf|fiber
crying|shock|IsA|positive thing
bedroom|lamp|IsA|study room
drugstore|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
synagogue|street|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
playground|park|CapableOf|be man made
oven|kitchen|CapableOf|store things
injuries|argument|HasA|physical element
market|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
building|closet|IsA|place to live
pride|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
performing|contemplating|IsA|emotion
university|meeting|IsA|place people can meet
container|boxes|UsedFor|storing physical things
trouble|furniture|IsA|place
field|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
bar|hallway|HasA|usually have people inside
television|computer|UsedFor|lighting up a room
confusion|good|CapableOf|be heard
jar|front|IsA|cartoon
countryside|america|CapableOf|be read
house|woods|IsA|room in a property
funeral|wedding|IsA|part of the body
bathroom|restaurant|CapableOf| be moved
barnyard|antarctica|MadeOf|country
house|apartment|IsA|another word for show
nature|hallway|IsA|car
bed|furniture|PartOf|house
change|key|CapableOf|hold objects
money|pocket|HasA|function
desktop|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
bathroom|couch|AtLocation|mostly inside
desktop|garage|AtLocation|in bathroom
trunk|can|IsA|place for entertainment
wilderness|sea|HasProperty|human made
desert|street|IsA|place where you can live
supermarket|bar|PartOf|food and drink
box|candy|IsA|part of the body
jail|home|IsA|physical item 
sweat|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
apartment|motel|HasA|usually have people inside
forest|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
suburb|street|IsA|state
chair|bed|HasProperty|furniture in a house
pantry|basement|CapableOf|be moved around
ocean|water|HasA|pipe system attached
magazine|porch|UsedFor|cooling
office|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
texas|trees|HasA|car
motel|room|HasA|usually have people inside
apartment|table|IsA|room
sloth|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
house|sewer|IsA|room in a building
dinner|alcohol|IsA|product that people buy
plate|jar|HasA|empty space in it
table|cabinet|IsA|something found in a household
drinking|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
house|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
work|hallway|AtLocation|indoors
michigan|garden|CapableOf|work
building|garage|UsedFor|worship
newspaper|magazines|CapableOf|store
office|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
store|jar|UsedFor|writing
container|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
basement|cellar|AtLocation|within a building's structure
theater|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
hotel|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
wall|pantry|AtLocation|indoors
rug|dog|AtLocation|inside a house
park|people|HasA|ticket box usually
maine|village|AtLocation|on a map
opera|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
library|windowsill|AtLocation|in your home
bedroom|home|IsA|part of a house
human|love|IsA|state in usa
building|playground|IsA|nature-related
backpack|coffee|IsA|place
house|dinner|HasProperty|removable
desert|yard|HasProperty|a location
cabinet|cupboard|IsA|room
knowledge|library|IsA|place for students
neighborhood|countryside|IsA|rural region
desktop|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
table|box|AtLocation|on the map
pantry|jar|AtLocation|in a house
playground|countryside|IsA|nature-related
bowl|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
desert|rain|HasProperty|associated with the environment
families|school|IsA|part of the body
lamp|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
auditorium|motel|HasA|usually have people inside
book|head|IsA|part media
roof|street|HasProperty|man made
museum|school|IsA|place
box|street|AtLocation|within a building's structure
house|garden|MadeOf|glass
bedroom|bathroom|IsA|room in a house
film|stamps|IsA|form of entertainment
attic|snore|IsA|place
castle|heaven|CapableOf|fly
movement|exercise|CapableOf|cause injury
dentist|library|UsedFor|cooling
microwave|computer|CapableOf|plug into the wall
fun|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
chair|montana|IsA|place of religion
boat|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
inspiration|knowledge|MadeOf|wood
knowing|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
jar|wallet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
plants|garden|CapableOf|laugh
rain|nature|IsA|car
town|yard|UsedFor|swimming
cabinet|trash|IsA|building
microwave|stamps|IsA|something found in a household
laughter|suffering|IsA|emotion
cabinet|groceries|HasA|roof
casino|wallet|UsedFor|living
restaurant|aircraft|UsedFor|living in
mexico|texas|IsA|state
park|battle|IsA|country
house|desktop|IsA|study room
nightmares|problems|IsA|emotion
subdivision|yard|UsedFor|transportation
happiness|listening|IsA|something considered as positive
knowledge|dinner|IsA|place to study
film|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
happiness|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
country|lamp|UsedFor|worship
knowing|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
embarrassment|shock|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
television|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
elevator|school|CapableOf|be performed
bag|box|IsA|room in a home
china|tropics|IsA|big space
drawer|floor|IsA|room or building
coffee|stuff|IsA|piece of furniture
street|trash|UsedFor|farmers 
drawer|stamps|IsA|form of entertainment
theater|earth|UsedFor|buying food
mouse|dishwasher|IsA|place to make food
office|churchyard|AtLocation|on a map
garden|roof|HasA|head
school|hotel|IsA|public building
bubblegum|action|UsedFor|living
passageway|maze|IsA|business
rock|roof|IsA|natural product or man made
work|microwave|HasA|use electricity
theater|apartment|UsedFor| gathering together
refrigerator|desk|UsedFor|storage of physical items
playground|pennsylvania|AtLocation|at a party
opera|desktop|UsedFor|work
drawer|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
synagogue|apartment|HasProperty|part of a human
roof|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
hallway|street|UsedFor|work
restaurant|box|AtLocation|inside a house
synagogue|garage|PartOf|the human body
bedroom|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
america|france|AtLocation|labeled on a map
television|manual|MadeOf|meet
closet|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
park|trees|IsA|nation
country|world|MadeOf|water
action|bubblegum|HasA|function
library|office|UsedFor|reading books
wedding|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
store|bathroom|IsA|place where you can stand
bedroom|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
jar|bowl|CapableOf|be eaten
beach|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
warehouse|rug|IsA|private space
supermarket|party|UsedFor|driving
park|detroit|IsA|place people go for fun
office|airport|IsA|type /part of building
table|clothes|MadeOf|food
sugar|cabinet|IsA|room
airport|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
churchyard|valley|AtLocation|in your company
closet|cellar|PartOf|house
fun|agreement|IsA|verb
celebrating|happiness|IsA|verb
suburbs|neighborhood|IsA|place where you can live
cupboard|bowl|IsA|place to make food
refrigerator|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
forest|building|CapableOf|be part of a house
internet|buildings|HasProperty|alive
communication|laughter|IsA|activity
school|room|HasA|usually have people inside
refrigerator|beer|UsedFor|storing things in
punishment|punch|IsA|noun
drawer|trash|UsedFor|eating
library|class|IsA|part media
pride|butterflies|IsA|colorful
suburbs|city|HasA|buildings in it
ocean|river|IsA|man made
desktop|table|UsedFor|work
kitchen|building|AtLocation|in your room
sweetness|punishment|UsedFor|punish
toilet|bathroom|IsA|room in a property
condiments|stove|HasProperty|used for meals
bowl|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
store|change|CapableOf|keeping cash
key|pocket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
mouth|demonstration|PartOf|body
food|birds|IsA|emotion
dust|clothing|UsedFor|storage
lightning|reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
chicken|glass|UsedFor|eating or drinking
container|trash|UsedFor|storing physical things
countryside|trees|IsA|stone
museum|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
panic|confusion|IsA|negative feeling or expression
dictionary|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
shelf|corner|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
university|information|IsA|part media
case|bowl|IsA|something found in a household
trauma|problems|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
toilet|kitchen|AtLocation|inside a house
france|underground|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
cabinet|container|HasProperty|found below ground level
store|wall|IsA|public place
desktop|microwave|HasA|use electricity
clothing|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
kitchen|desktop|CapableOf|be found in a house
love|communication|IsA|emotion
backyard|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
maine|michigan|AtLocation|on a map
papers|meeting|AtLocation|at home
injury|performing|CapableOf|cause pain
michigan|bar|UsedFor|ordering a burger
shelf|sink|AtLocation|in a kitchen
dust|drawer|MadeOf|food
library|desktop|HasProperty|used for learning
playground|canada|AtLocation|at a party
bank|hole|UsedFor|holding animals
beer|container|IsA|place for entertainment
table|garage|AtLocation|home
forest|city|IsA|place
enemies|fight|HasProperty|about  clashes
supermarket|montana|IsA|place
love|laughter|HasProperty|a positive emotion
dinner|store|UsedFor|to keep items
orbit|jar|AtLocation|public area
silverware|sink|HasA|edible items for sale
bathroom|store|IsA|sweet or savory
friends|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
inspiration|knowledge|HasProperty|typically positive
dinner|refrigerator|UsedFor|eating or drinking
change|store|IsA|place to be entertained
universe|beach|AtLocation|as part of a house
trunk|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
shock|crying|PartOf|mental disorder
swamp|mountains|AtLocation|below
field|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
table|library|CapableOf|store
place|persia|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
conference|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
attic|corner|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
windowsill|box|CapableOf|fly
backpack|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
dust|vase|IsA|necessity for education
car|house|IsA|made of wood
floor|table|IsA|type of room
garage|shelf|CapableOf|be found in a house
park|jungle|IsA|outdoor area
excavation|montana|UsedFor|digging 
silverware|kitchen|HasProperty|edible
battle|enemies|IsA|positive card
conference|office|IsA|type of room
coats|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
reflection|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
rain|street|AtLocation|at a home
onions|cup|IsA|location or room
basement|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
boat|wisconsin|HasA|water
street|weather|IsA|geographic location
universe|beach|UsedFor|serving food
pot|bowl|IsA|furniture
sewer|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
restaurant|glass|HasProperty|edible
kitchen|bedroom|IsA|room in a property
manual|television|MadeOf|meet
monastery|auditorium|IsA|mental place
carnival|jar|UsedFor|drinking 
hospital|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
trash|field|UsedFor|farmers 
briefcase|container|UsedFor|carrying things
porch|home|IsA|1 syllable  word
beach|canada|IsA|country
pride|injury|IsA|emotion
desktop|corner|AtLocation|inside someone's home
country|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
bed|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
bathtub|office|UsedFor|reading
cup|table|IsA|type of food
lake|wilderness|IsA|natural thing
seaside|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
air|sun|UsedFor|work
apartment|buildings|UsedFor|putting on a show
bread|burger|IsA|location or room
trees|yard|HasA|walls
ocean|circus|IsA|religious card
drawer|box|UsedFor|storage
clock|wall|AtLocation|library
desktop|television|IsA|study room
field|television|IsA|place for students
table|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
homes|human|IsA|country
concert|desktop|UsedFor|worship
tent|earth|UsedFor|learning
dust|ground|HasProperty|known as dirty
bag|store|IsA|room in a home
shelf|plants|IsA|place
pantry|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
school|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
montana|skin|HasProperty|an event
shelf|closet|UsedFor|storage
toilet|refrigerator|CapableOf|be used with a computer
school|church|UsedFor|a gathering of people
forest|garden|IsA|place people work and live
food|store|IsA|tableware
furniture|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
neighborhood|china|UsedFor|transportation
shelf|beer|UsedFor|storing things in
humiliation|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
backyard|home|UsedFor|standing on
cabinet|floor|IsA|furniture 
bathtub|library|MadeOf|wood
discovery|revelations|HasProperty|(usually) between/towards people
factory|warehouse|CapableOf|be made with bricks
rain|candle|IsA|car
knowledge|remembering|HasProperty|typically positive
supermarket|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
body|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
shed|basement|AtLocation|within a building's structure
program|country|UsedFor|worship
synagogue|supermarket|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
box|party|AtLocation|inside a house
sewer|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
moon|jar|PartOf|kitchen
house|toilet|MadeOf|organic material
nostalgia|trauma|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
furniture|window|HasProperty|found in a house
church|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
neighborhood|montana|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
hallway|house|UsedFor|work
jail|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
food|pride|CapableOf|fly
sunshine|desktop|IsA|place
porch|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
movie|europe|IsA|place people can meet
workplace|jail|HasProperty|outdoors
restaurant|desktop|UsedFor|work
wilderness|colorado|IsA|place
museum|woods|AtLocation|in a building
park|outdoors|IsA|outdoor area
bedroom|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
change|wallet|HasA|function
house|bar|IsA|room
refrigerator|porch|HasProperty|found in the garden
classroom|manual|IsA|necessity for education
garage|motel|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
entertainment|farm|IsA|tourist destination
demonstration|computer|UsedFor|packing things inside
library|manual|IsA|book
office|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
food|table|AtLocation|in a house
container|trash|IsA|room in a home
information|jellyfish|CapableOf|be alive
building|canada|IsA|place people work and live
trauma|controversy|IsA|emotion
beaver|america|CapableOf|be read
apartment|ground|UsedFor|storing food
apartment|hallway|UsedFor|urination
wall|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
agreement|drinking|IsA|verb
boxes|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
restaurant|class|AtLocation|in a building
book|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
action|reflection|IsA|emotion
ground|countryside|IsA|man made thing
book|radio|CapableOf| be held in your hand
roadway|desert|HasProperty|a location
friends|corner|UsedFor|furniture
factory|school|IsA|country
basement|bedroom|HasA|a bath
valley|wilderness|CapableOf|be walked on
controversy|pain|IsA|negative thing
light|chair|IsA|piece of furniture
jail|workplace|HasProperty|outdoors
library|house|IsA|object
theater|cinema|UsedFor| gathering together
knowledge|problems|IsA|negative feeling
jar|classroom|IsA|school supply
cupboard|groceries|CapableOf|be moved around
potatoes|store|CapableOf|be sweet
shop|desktop|IsA|building
casino|theater|IsA|place to be entertained
wallet|florida|UsedFor|living
wings|detroit|UsedFor|travel
forest|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
inside|notebook|CapableOf|move
groceries|bottle|UsedFor|storing things in
street|candle|IsA|car
garage|attic|HasProperty|an animal
library|safe|HasProperty|a meal
city|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
shelf|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
telephone|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
valley|continent|HasA|earth
airport|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
furniture|floor|AtLocation|in home
bowl|microwave|IsA|something found in a household
market|kitchens|IsA|location or room
drawer|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
water|shed|IsA|place to pray
glass|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
hospital|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
instruction|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
food|bathroom|CapableOf|cook
air|weather|IsA|type of place
building|church|HasA|multiple rooms
waterfall|river|CapableOf|be walked on
plate|pantry|IsA|  place
australia|florida|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
woods|bird|IsA|natural thing
opera|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
kitchen|bar|IsA|room in a property
town|building|IsA|country
countryside|street|HasA|buildings in it
seaside|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
meeting|jellyfish|UsedFor|reading
basement|air|HasProperty|white
wedding|theater|IsA|planet
library|store|CapableOf|have people physically in it
lake|school|IsA|place
cabinet|table|IsA|room
heart|park|IsA|feeling
library|knowledge|HasA|screen
roof|garden|CapableOf|laugh
library|closet|IsA|place to live
humans|park|IsA|drink
condiments|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
car|floor|IsA|1 syllable word
restaurant|forest|UsedFor|swimming
book|thinking|HasProperty|related to studying
atlas|museum|CapableOf|be worn
street|city|MadeOf|sand
gentleman|game|UsedFor|wearing
trash|porch|CapableOf|be used with a computer
case|dishwasher|IsA|something you eat off
trash|ball|UsedFor|farmers 
michigan|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
countryside|playground|HasA|walls
supermarket|school|IsA|public building
spoon|restaurant|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
ocean|bay|HasProperty|human made
roof|corner|UsedFor|storage
florida|action|CapableOf|keeping cash
weather|air|IsA|type of place
briefcase|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
porch|bowl|IsA|building
roof|ceiling|UsedFor|building the structure of house
stamps|trash|IsA|1 syllable word
house|passageway|IsA|business
airport|maze|IsA|business
store|school|IsA|place to live
backpack|bowl|IsA|location
fear|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
beach|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
basement|bathroom|IsA|type of room
case|desk|IsA|form of entertainment
soup|water|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
microwave|nature|IsA|part of a house
river|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
apartment|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
circus|conference|IsA|place or location
restaurant|basement|IsA|place or location
australia|india|IsA|place
river|synagogue|IsA|place or location
tile|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
nature|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
city|montana|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
container|office|IsA|school supply
opera|good|IsA|action
bowl|refrigerator|CapableOf|be used with a computer
field|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
shelf|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
sunshine|sun|HasProperty|hot
restaurant|casino|IsA|type of business
montana|heaven|IsA|mental place
closet|tile|AtLocation|with water
dancing|skin|IsA|emotion
countryside|nursery|IsA|place or location
store|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
desktop|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
house|television|UsedFor|worship
outside|bedroom|IsA|room
bubblegum|purse|IsA|thing you have on person
building|maze|HasA|airplanes
table|home|UsedFor|reading
television|field|HasProperty|related to studying
cut|discovery|CapableOf|fly
water|jar|MadeOf|organic material
nostalgia|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
drinking|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
university|college|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
entertainment|fun|HasA|positive connotation
roadway|town|HasProperty|a location
store|restaurant|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
oven|cupboard|HasA|edible items for sale
clothing|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
office|hotel|HasProperty|a property 
bar|museum|IsA|room in a property
park|supermarket|IsA|place
refrigerator|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
closet|ground|AtLocation|indoors
microwave|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
orbit|container|PartOf|wood
field|market|IsA|sweet or savory
church|school|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
snow|mountains|HasA|car
basement|university|AtLocation|within a building's structure
sea|beach|IsA|place
closet|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
suffering|field|IsA|noun
lightning|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
beer|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
movement|effort|CapableOf|cause injury
agreement|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
desk|drawer|IsA|something you eat off
trash|stamps|UsedFor|eating
refrigerator|cupboard|IsA|food
restaurant|apartment|AtLocation|on the map
india|california|IsA|proper noun
internet|meeting|MadeOf|meet
exercising|stretch|CapableOf|cause injury
store|home|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
attic|porch|AtLocation|as part of a house
cinema|mansion|HasProperty|alive
library|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
sink|groceries|MadeOf|wood
bathroom|cellar|HasProperty|a room in a building
computer|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
computer|library|UsedFor|reading and studying
newspaper|book|IsA|place for students
bowl|cupboard|AtLocation|inside a house
room|jail|UsedFor|driving
china|desert|HasProperty|a location
shelf|encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
connection|house|HasA|airplanes
trauma|sorrow|IsA|negative thing
apartment|disneyland|IsA|place or location
box|backpack|IsA|furniture
desk|apartment|UsedFor|storage
sweat|desires|CapableOf|hurt
closet|corner|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
washington|bathroom|IsA|object
agreement|love|IsA|sad emotion
problems|hunger|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
sunshine|universe|IsA|animal or book
ceiling|wall|AtLocation|library
movie|desk|IsA|dish
enjoyment|love|IsA|activity
manual|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
backyard|cat|IsA|animal
paper|cabinet|HasProperty|sold in stores
apartment|building|MadeOf|wood
clouds|windowsill|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
excavation|desert|UsedFor|digging 
classroom|apartment|IsA|location
electricity|music|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
garden|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
frogs|windowsill|IsA|place you can go
park|rosebush|MadeOf|fiber
ocean|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
store|floor|MadeOf|food
marmoset|wilderness|MadeOf|metal
synagogue|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
butterflies|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
floor|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
rock|countryside|PartOf|nature
tension|death|IsA|positive card
doorway|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
lemur|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
onions|burger|IsA|type of food
kitchen|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
action|reflection|CapableOf|fly
television|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
film|movie|UsedFor|storage
cupboard|desktop|HasA|edible items for sale
airport|building|IsA|place to live
couch|school|CapableOf|be lived in
park|canada|IsA|us state
cup|jar|HasA|empty space in it
condiments|oven|CapableOf|store things
car|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
arboretum|home|UsedFor|storing food
ground|moon|HasProperty|white
manual|desktop|CapableOf|be used virtually 
bedroom|kitchen|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
building|roof|CapableOf|move location
monastery|heaven|UsedFor|praying
glass|desert|IsA|vacation destination
street|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
pain|trauma|IsA|emotion
unemployment|university|IsA|drink
action|wallet|UsedFor|living
couch|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
knowing|sleep|MadeOf|wood
bathroom|field|IsA|food
loft|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
window|glass|UsedFor|food
table|market|UsedFor|storing items
room|rain|HasProperty|white
nature|forest|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
person|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
tropics|river|IsA|location
trauma|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
map|office|CapableOf|be worn
library|notebook|HasProperty|material
clothing|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
sunshine|summer|IsA|vacation destination
playground|garden|HasA|walls
closet|dust|IsA|place for clothes
voice|television|IsA|tv show
factory|building|CapableOf|work
table|computer|AtLocation|inside a place of habitation
demonstration|computer|UsedFor|student
plate|coffee|UsedFor|eating
like|smiles|IsA|emotion
store|jar|IsA|piece of furniture
encyclopedia|university|IsA|place for students
food|families|IsA|public building
pain|embarrassment|IsA|negative feeling
plate|container|CapableOf|be found in a house
medium|water|IsA|physical item 
backpack|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
ocean|lamp|UsedFor|reading books
school|airport|IsA|place to live
outside|table|UsedFor|storage
food|butterflies|IsA|emotion
skin|suicide|IsA|emotion
notebook|garden|HasProperty|sold in stores
families|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
bathroom|kitchen|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
beach|mexico|IsA|country
contemplating|happiness|IsA|colorful
garage|room|CapableOf|be used for storage
casino|store|CapableOf|keeping cash
pantry|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
depression|pleasure|MadeOf|wood
shelf|closet|IsA|type of business
can|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
store|park|CapableOf|have people inside
information|library|CapableOf|be held in your hand
cabinet|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
kitchen|oven|CapableOf|store things
trunk|bottle|HasA|door
toronto|snore|HasProperty|an animal
attic|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
bed|toronto|PartOf|house
churchyard|village|AtLocation|in your company
attic|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
university|library|IsA|location
car|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
plants|park|MadeOf|glass
jail|table|CapableOf|store
florida|australia|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
television|internet|CapableOf| be held in your hand
theater|town|IsA|location
castle|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
mouth|assessment|PartOf|body
church|garage|HasA|fee to visit
enemies|injuries|IsA|positive card
clouds|dust|IsA|place in a house
car|microwave|HasA|use electricity
computer|work|IsA|country or state
television|school|CapableOf|be eaten
desk|restaurant|IsA|dish
shoes|table|UsedFor|indoor activities
condiments|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
trouble|cat|IsA|place
playground|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
cabinet|boxes|IsA|room
dictionary|manual|IsA|book
house|automobile|UsedFor|car travel
bathroom|maze|HasA|airplanes
park|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
coffee|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
suburbs|desert|IsA|state
cellar|warehouse|CapableOf|be used for storage
canada|california|UsedFor|work
furniture|snore|IsA|place
room|floor|IsA|part of a house
bathroom|classroom|HasProperty|alive
funeral|container|IsA|room in a home
bathroom|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
television|meeting|IsA|place for students
computer|ocean|AtLocation|on a map
yard|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
leaves|roof|AtLocation|outside
restaurant|garden|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
buildings|cinema|HasProperty|alive
problems|dream|MadeOf|wood
information|meeting|IsA|visible object
exchange|office|IsA|room in a house
building|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
families|hotel|IsA|part of the body
ocean|hotel|IsA|building
trouble|garage|IsA|store items
library|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
house|china|IsA|place where you can live
tent|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
balloon|party|PartOf|food and drink
montana|apartment|UsedFor|learning
thinking|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
cabinet|conference|IsA|school supply
classroom|bedroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
apartment|earth|IsA|place you buy food
motel|office|IsA|study room
cup|pantry|IsA|  place
restaurant|porch|IsA|furniture
cabinet|briefcase|CapableOf|be used for travel
auditorium|god|IsA|mental place
garage|house|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
montana|house|CapableOf|be parked on
controversy|shock|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
stove|cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
church|concert|UsedFor|work
kitchen|refrigerator|HasProperty|used for meals
carpet|house|IsA|a animal
porch|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
sweetness|tears|IsA|emotion
container|table|IsA|location or room
furniture|sleep|PartOf|house
building|coats|IsA|place to live
glass|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
bathroom|school|CapableOf|be heard
kitchen|bed|AtLocation|with water
couch|homes|UsedFor|travel
shelf|desktop|HasA|edible items for sale
movement|motion|HasA|m at the beginning
nightmares|money|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
freeway|street|AtLocation|on a map
communication|entertaining|IsA|verb
school|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
shop|porch|CapableOf|store
dishwasher|table|HasProperty|furniture
synagogue|theater|UsedFor|learning
suburbs|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
building|school|UsedFor|reading books
table|plate|CapableOf|cook things
bed|carpet|IsA|place or location
disneyland|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
outside|valley|UsedFor|driving on or over
cupboard|bowl|CapableOf|keep things cool
knowledge|dinner|UsedFor|studying
montana|auditorium|IsA|mental place
garage|furniture|IsA|place
classroom|cinema|IsA|location
class|head|IsA|place for students
kitchen|furniture|UsedFor|reading
floor|bed|UsedFor|reading
apartment|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
garbage|trouble|IsA|store items
library|passageway|IsA|place to live
table|box|CapableOf|be eaten
library|shop|IsA|room or building
building|trees|UsedFor|swimming
ground|attic|CapableOf|make sounds
closet|windowsill|AtLocation|on the floor
dishwasher|toilet|IsA|furniture
disneyland|trash|IsA|building
office|television|IsA|study room
dust|corner|UsedFor|standing on
sorrow|depression|IsA|something a baby could have
restaurant|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
forest|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
cabinet|locker|UsedFor|storage
closet|cupboard|MadeOf|food
government|control|IsA|object/thing
notes|notebook|HasProperty|material
porch|desk|UsedFor|cooking
plants|ground|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
magazine|floor|IsA|physical item 
france|trees|HasA|car
cup|plate|CapableOf|be consumed
garden|table|UsedFor|storage
sky|countryside|IsA|animal
trash|case|UsedFor|eating
hospital|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
waterfall|bay|HasProperty|human made
color|field|IsA|group action
florida|texas|HasA|border with an ocean
money|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
motel|lamp|IsA|study room
classroom|furniture|MadeOf|wood
trees|mountains|MadeOf|metal
supermarket|skin|IsA|house where man live
shelf|vase|IsA|place or location
key|pocket|HasA|function
loft|furniture|HasA|ceiling
utensils|stuff|CapableOf|be held in your hands
supermarket|disneyland|HasA|ticket box usually
house|auditorium|HasProperty|a place where people sing
kitchen|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
action|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
garage|closet|PartOf|house
france|texas|IsA|state
pencils|pen|UsedFor|writing
house|inside|CapableOf|move
kitchen|pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
car|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
ocean|moon|UsedFor|link between places
texas|arkansas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
wood|wedding|IsA|place or location
funeral|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
supermarket|beer|MadeOf|metal
playground|trees|IsA|country
bedroom|hospital|IsA|place
glass|sink|HasProperty|made of wood
field|soup|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
manual|book|AtLocation|on a shelf
confession|people|IsA|place of religion
country|city|IsA|place
clothing|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
newspaper|encyclopedia|IsA|physical tangible object
yard|restaurant|IsA|nation
church|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
sky|bird|MadeOf|trees
kitchen|bedroom|HasProperty|edible
conference|demonstration|CapableOf|be attended
moon|bridge|MadeOf|organic material
country|town|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
water|bridge|HasA|pipe system attached
fear|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
museum|kitchen|AtLocation|indoors
desktop|telephone|IsA|list of alphabets
jar|condiments|IsA|  place
closet|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
apartment|opera|HasProperty|alive
trash|street|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
injuries|stress|IsA|positive card
pantry|jar|AtLocation|in a kitchen
classroom|loft|IsA|place to sleep
office|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
convention|people|IsA|place
china|neighborhood|HasA|buildings in it
fun|car|IsA|place to pray
safe|newspaper|IsA|physical tangible object
plate|burger|IsA|location or room
pot|closet|IsA|type of business
restaurant|garden|UsedFor|swimming
computer|yard|IsA|country or state
cave|building|IsA|business
sweetness|field|IsA|noun
movies|box|IsA|public building
mess|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
library|school|UsedFor|happiness
backyard|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
europe|garden|UsedFor|learning
university|cellar|IsA|place
river|sea|HasA|earth
dog|box|UsedFor|indoor activities
car|dust|IsA|1 syllable word
box|closet|AtLocation|on the map
city|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
university|field|IsA|physical tangible object
furniture|bathtub|IsA|type of building
cabinet|porch|CapableOf|storing food
table|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
box|trunk|UsedFor|storing physical things
bank|bedroom|HasProperty|mainly used for sleeping
restaurant|canada|IsA|nature-related
kitchen|office|UsedFor|cooking
locker|pocket|UsedFor|reading
suburb|city|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
dishwasher|case|IsA|something found in a household
god|synagogue|IsA|mental place
warehouse|room|IsA|place to pray
painting|train|IsA|place you can live
shelf|cabinet|UsedFor|viewing/reading
windowsill|ocean|IsA|living thing
creek|woods|IsA|1 syllable word
jar|pantry|CapableOf|store things
television|concert|UsedFor|worship
desk|movie|UsedFor|storage
classroom|theater|HasProperty|a gathering place
city|forest|CapableOf|be read
motel|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
corner|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
casino|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
garden|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
loft|attic|IsA|room in a home
floor|apartment|IsA|object
vacuum|jar|PartOf|wood
empathy|enjoyment|IsA|something considered as positive
city|yard|HasProperty|a location
casino|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
container|store|IsA|place where students learn
hospital|cave|IsA|business
field|university|UsedFor|studying
wilderness|lake|IsA|natural thing
sailboat|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
concert|garden|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
suburbs|suburb|IsA|place where you can live
school|homes|CapableOf|move freely
greenhouse|park|PartOf|body
meeting|club|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
clothes|car|UsedFor|to keep items
desires|dreams|PartOf|human body
cellar|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
celebrating|excitement|IsA|verb
computer|telephone|IsA|study room
paper|backpack|UsedFor|writing
bathroom|basement|HasA|roof
cupboard|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
air|balloon|IsA|product that people buy
pocket|cabinet|IsA|school supply
injuries|battle|HasA|physical element
apartment|building|UsedFor|reading
sea|desert|HasProperty|hot
change|money|IsA|place you can visit
happiness|fulfillment|IsA|emotion
backpack|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
casino|groceries|MadeOf|metal
valley|city|IsA|part of a municipality
case|cupboard|MadeOf|plastic
city|town|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
ground|leaves|IsA|man made thing
clouds|ground|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
window|theater|IsA|ceremony
closet|store|IsA|structure or building
cave|passageway|IsA|place to live
books|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
people|montana|IsA|n item of furniture
butterflies|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
church|apartment|HasProperty|an event
sugar|boxes|IsA|room in a building
town|apartment|IsA|place
water|sky|HasProperty|white
school|house|HasProperty|in or is a building
freeway|wall|HasA|airplanes
basement|house|HasProperty|white
furniture|bed|IsA|place
ground|sky|HasProperty|man made
microwave|speaker|AtLocation|in office blocks
theater|floor|IsA|type of room
boat|library|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
bathtub|library|IsA|ceremony
nest|bathroom|HasProperty|man-made
windowsill|roof|PartOf|glass
bedroom|museum|IsA|room in a property
garden|church|MadeOf|wood
waterfall|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
apartment|wedding|IsA|location
snore|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
clothing|trunk|IsA|made of wood
carnival|liquid|UsedFor|storage
love|restaurant|IsA|country
warehouse|garage|AtLocation|in united states
classroom|town|UsedFor| gathering together
soup|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
stomach|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
crowd|theater|IsA| event
school|table|UsedFor|packing things inside
music|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
rug|backyard|IsA|part of a house
film|wallet|IsA|something you eat off
bathroom|cave|HasA|airplanes
floor|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
store|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
dust|store|IsA|made of wood
opera|carnival|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
woods|creek|IsA|1 syllable word
box|drawer|UsedFor|eating
sugar|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
supermarket|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
trees|garden|AtLocation|outside
people|church|IsA|place you buy food
field|street|AtLocation|outside
floor|car|IsA|1 syllable word
windowsill|summer|IsA|place
house|woods|HasProperty|a room
playground|garden|CapableOf|be part of a house
locker|museum|CapableOf|be worn
bag|box|UsedFor|storing physical things
window|building|IsA|ceremony
museum|outside|IsA|continent
notebook|paper|CapableOf|be worn
coats|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
sorrow|pain|IsA|positive thing
shop|house|IsA|ground where child play
church|chair|IsA|place of religion
thinking|library|HasProperty|related to studying
hallway|home|IsA|type /part of building
change|church|IsA|thing you have on person
corner|party|IsA|ground where child play
wilderness|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
mansion|apartment|HasProperty|a type of home
beach|yard|IsA|nation
closet|dust|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
california|refrigerator|IsA|looks like house
cupboard|garage|IsA|place to store items
stamps|dinner|CapableOf|be held in your hands
basement|bathroom|HasA|ceiling
closet|dishwasher|UsedFor|indoor activities
jail|workplace|IsA|country
effort|death|HasProperty|about  clashes
hospital|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
california|tennessee|HasA|start with a
beach|desk|UsedFor|serving food
playground|street|UsedFor|farmers 
table|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
ballpark|outdoors|IsA|outdoor area
convention|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
hospital|wall|IsA|business
briefcase|conference|UsedFor|writing
controversy|pain|IsA|positive thing
plate|oven|HasA|empty space in it
dust|trunk|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
classroom|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
case|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
floor|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
suburbs|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
junk|snore|IsA|store items
fun|attic|IsA|place to pray
bowl|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
trunk|office|CapableOf|move people
apartment|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
university|warehouse|AtLocation|within a building's structure
money|wallet|HasA|function
heaven|homes|CapableOf|move freely
stuff|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
china|neighborhood|IsA|state
bar|classroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
computer|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
television|song|IsA|tv show
pantry|table|IsA|  place
manual|information|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
drawer|shelf|IsA|furniture
garage|table|IsA|place to store items
ocean|bus|AtLocation|on a map
cupboard|pantry|MadeOf|wood
motel|house|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
passageway|bedroom|IsA|item of clothing
mountain|countryside|CapableOf|fly
band|human|PartOf|man body
desk|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
snore|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
container|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
lamp|candle|UsedFor|work
notes|inside|HasProperty|material
cut|food|IsA|colorful
map|book|IsA|building
auditorium|house|HasProperty|a place where people sing
problems|crying|IsA|something a baby could have
motel|garage|IsA|building
pocket|office|IsA|piece of furniture
newspaper|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
floor|bed|IsA|room or building
airport|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
closet|store|IsA|place to live
ground|landfill|HasA|opening or door
happiness|injury|IsA|emotion
ocean|bridge|HasA|pipe system attached
telephone|hospital|IsA|study room
favors|fun|IsA|physical emotion
thinking|meeting|IsA|physical tangible object
montana|neighborhood|HasProperty|a country
river|china|IsA|location
shelf|floor|HasProperty|removable
stretch|exercise|HasProperty|tiring
roof|ground|CapableOf|laugh
kitchen|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
hunger|depression|IsA|negative feeling
knowledge|remembering|IsA|positive thing
park|workplace|IsA|place you visit
china|street|HasA|buildings in it
cave|wall|IsA|business
michigan|beach|CapableOf|fly
knowledge|information|HasProperty|related to studying
container|pot|MadeOf|metal
furniture|theater|MadeOf|wood
birds|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
orbit|kitchen|AtLocation|public area
attic|floor|HasProperty|an animal
chair|bed|HasProperty|an animal
briefcase|pocket|IsA|piece of furniture
opera|computer|UsedFor|worship
city|seaside|CapableOf|be read
michigan|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
flowers|table|IsA|something kept at home
auditorium|garage|IsA|building
closet|corner|CapableOf|show films
controversy|pain|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
woods|park|HasProperty|somewhere to go
wood|boat|IsA|place or location
death|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
curtain|summer|IsA|vacation destination
building|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
bowl|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
backpack|dinner|IsA|furniture
reflection|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
refrigerator|groceries|IsA|type of business
problems|crying|IsA|negative thing
room|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
coats|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
book|class|IsA|part media
floor|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
church|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
canada|switzerland|AtLocation|at a party
chair|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
carpet|sky|IsA|home appliance
embarrassment|communication|IsA|emotion
apartment|table|IsA|another word for show
junk|chair|HasProperty|an animal
town|playground|HasProperty|made by humans
rock|ground|IsA|natural product or man made
street|sky|HasProperty|white
building|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
forest|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
working|teaching|IsA|negative feeling or expression
building|boat|IsA|ceremony
sink|cabinet|HasProperty|furniture
texas|florida|IsA|part of the south
speaker|mouth|IsA|human or part of human
entertaining|dancing|IsA|associated to a positive experience
continent|fish|HasProperty|human made
bottle|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
building|yard|IsA|country
shelf|lasagna|IsA|place
classroom|conference|UsedFor|reading
sink|cupboard|AtLocation|in a kitchen
city|tennessee|MadeOf|country
creek|nature|MadeOf|trees
dishwasher|drawer|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
roof|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
office|wires|IsA|list of alphabets
drawer|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
pot|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
drink|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
utensils|store|UsedFor|storage
trash|container|IsA|structure or building
attic|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
table|refrigerators|HasProperty|used for meals
apartment|market|HasProperty|able to be entered
basement|pantry|HasA|door
shelf|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
depression|problems|IsA|emotion
court|outside|UsedFor|sport
supermarket|wedding|IsA|part of the body
coffee|dinner|CapableOf|be held in your hands
liquid|jar|UsedFor|drinking 
love|maze|HasA|airplanes
animals|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
field|punch|MadeOf|one syllable
puddle|fly|UsedFor|eating or drinking
london|town|UsedFor|milking cows
carnival|mind|IsA|action
drawer|clothing|IsA|room or building
working|satisfaction|IsA|negative emotion
kitchen|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
cellar|cabinet|HasProperty|found below ground level
shelf|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
pennsylvania|mountain|IsA|location
suburb|valley|IsA|building
ground|desert|IsA|part of nature
cupboard|drawer|UsedFor|eating
windowsill|shelf|UsedFor|holding things
drawer|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
junk|cat|IsA|store items
wedding|motel|UsedFor|overnight stays
disneyland|outside|HasProperty|found below ground level
plants|ground|HasProperty|found in a home
glasses|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
air|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
warehouse|garden|AtLocation|in united states
bar|restaurant|IsA|business that serves food
stomach|field|HasProperty|edible
shelf|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
sea|bay|IsA|small body of water
internet|information|MadeOf|technology
outside|rock|IsA|living/once living
manual|library|MadeOf|meet
waterfall|river|HasProperty|human made
storage|warehouse|CapableOf|be made with bricks
desktop|program|UsedFor|worship
stomach|silverware|HasProperty|edible
lights|plane|IsA|music related event
heaven|bed|UsedFor|travel
buildings|opera|HasProperty|a gathering place
dishwasher|floor|IsA|furniture
bedroom|kitchen|PartOf|house
birds|air|HasProperty|man made
body|wedding|IsA|place
sewer|container|IsA|room in a building
restaurant|meeting|UsedFor|learning
market|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
roof|hairbrush|IsA|place to sleep
corner|closet|HasA|wheels
city|suburbs|IsA|man-made thing
home|apartment|IsA|type /part of building
sleep|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
party|bar|IsA|building 
restaurant|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
hallway|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
cabinet|shelf|CapableOf|be opened
box|closet|AtLocation|inside a house
frisbee|park|UsedFor|throwing
restaurant|woods|AtLocation|in a building
library|classroom|UsedFor|viewing/reading
apartment|school|AtLocation|inside a house
garden|attic|CapableOf|work
cabinet|briefcase|IsA|place of learning
street|roof|IsA|natural product or man made
glass|sink|UsedFor|transportation
love|homes|IsA|country
bed|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
pain|communication|IsA|sad emotion
container|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
school|commercial|IsA|animal or book
montana|synagogue|IsA|place you buy food
table|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
homes|museum|IsA|place
hotel|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
families|wedding|IsA|part of the body
park|hotel|IsA|place
paperwork|office|AtLocation|with water
room|trouble|MadeOf|living parts
bowl|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
locker|desktop|IsA|place of learning
bed|table|HasProperty|found in a house
theater|supermarket|IsA|place
rug|stairs|CapableOf|sleep on it
backpack|briefcase|IsA|building
mouse|trash|IsA|place to make food
plate|stuff|IsA|furniture
hotel|hospital|HasA|front desk
tent|montana|UsedFor|learning
window|floor|CapableOf|be used for school
desert|canada|IsA|american state
park|rosebush|UsedFor|work
injury|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
basement|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
knowledge|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
manual|books|CapableOf|be used virtually 
supermarket|opera|HasProperty|alive
basement|moon|HasProperty|white
dishes|glass|IsA|furniture 
trouble|bed|PartOf|house
bedroom|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
hallway|office|AtLocation|in your company
house|table|UsedFor|storage
case|trash|UsedFor|eating food off
oven|refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
backpack|classroom|UsedFor|writing
class|library|HasProperty|related to studying
woods|forest|IsA|living/once living
trees|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
exchange|carpet|IsA|type of room
floor|nature|AtLocation|in home
drawer|cupboard|IsA|furniture
disneyland|restaurant|IsA|furniture
imagination|people|IsA|religious card
synagogue|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
food|butterflies|HasA|physical appearance
restaurant|garden|IsA|place people can meet
supermarket|nails|UsedFor|storage
shock|nightmares|HasProperty|typically positive
case|table|IsA|something found in a household
refrigerator|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
school|bedroom|IsA|item of clothing
oven|condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
sky|garden|IsA|part of nature
cabinet|bowl|CapableOf|be eaten
groceries|container|IsA|type of business
skate|good|PartOf|building
roof|furniture|UsedFor|decoration
fun|like|IsA|enjoyable
dentist|magazines|CapableOf|store
airport|office|IsA|item of clothing
favors|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
container|kitchen|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
refrigerator|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
sink|jar|HasA|door
bar|groceries|IsA|type of business
city|trouble|IsA|weather
outside|mouse|IsA|room in a building
church|game|IsA|place people can meet
room|nature|IsA|car
supermarket|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
germany|good|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
ocean|valley|IsA|man made
palace|house|UsedFor|sport
clothing|table|UsedFor|cooling
bridge|pond|IsA|living/once living
countryside|park|IsA|nation
relaxation|regret|IsA|mental state
desktop|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
demonstration|apartment|PartOf|admin role
box|classroom|UsedFor|learning
ground|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
balloon|clouds|IsA|product that people buy
supermarket|cellar|CapableOf|be opened/closed
laughter|crying|IsA|feeling
motel|bathroom|HasProperty|a place where people sing
city|freeway|IsA|man-made thing
homes|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
connection|microwave|AtLocation|library
book|books|MadeOf|paper
church|park|IsA|place where you can visit
park|hotel|IsA|part of the body
food|park|IsA|event
yard|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
carpet|exchange|IsA|type of room
mouse|cupboard|IsA|place to make food
control|government|IsA|object/thing
junk|nature|HasProperty|a household item
floor|garage|HasProperty|a household item
trunk|store|IsA|1 syllable word
library|university|IsA|place for students
rain|arctic|IsA|popular attraction
jar|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
passageway|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
satisfaction|joy|IsA|action
table|drawer|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
wedding|movies|IsA|part of the body
pantry|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
street|town|AtLocation|inside a house
forest|yard|IsA|animal
manual|library|HasA|letter e in it
restaurant|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
chair|junk|IsA|store items
war|germany|PartOf|building
office|closet|IsA|place to live
box|forest|IsA|living thing
universe|light|MadeOf|wood
table|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
injuries|fight|CapableOf|create physical pain
office|city|IsA|country or state
dreams|death|IsA|physical object
paper|locker|CapableOf|be used for travel
town|park|IsA|nation
clothes|floor|UsedFor|storage
desk|park|IsA|building
jail|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
bar|homes|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
knowing|knowledge|MadeOf|wood
teapot|apartment|IsA|type of tree
utensils|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
home|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
nature|bird|IsA|natural thing
human|mexico|PartOf|man body
bowl|cabinet|IsA|location
birds|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
plants|windowsill|PartOf|glass
shock|crying|HasProperty|typically positive
office|locker|HasA|walls
countryside|village|HasA|outdoor scenery
carrots|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
money|casino|UsedFor|living
bathroom|pond|IsA|living/once living
store|swimming|IsA|animal
wilderness|hole|MadeOf|sand
table|theater|IsA|type of room
yard|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
michigan|drawer|UsedFor|eating
rock|leaves|IsA|man made thing
bed|paperwork|IsA|building
mountain|windowsill|IsA|living thing
school|office|UsedFor|a holiday
town|theater|UsedFor|learning
seaside|suburbs|IsA|man-made thing
store|cage|PartOf|house
color|class|HasProperty|a meal
alcohol|restaurants|PartOf|food and drink
library|computer|UsedFor|reading and studying
crying|communication|IsA|negative feeling
backpack|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
library|manual|CapableOf|be used virtually 
floor|wall|IsA|item of furniture
bedroom|outside|IsA|place to store items
clothing|closet|IsA|1 syllable word
confession|ocean|IsA|place of religion
conference|cinema|HasProperty|a gathering place
bathroom|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
home|bathroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
garden|factory|MadeOf|water
pocket|conference|UsedFor|writing
favors|excitement|IsA|verb
book|television|HasProperty|a meal
erections|sleeping|HasProperty|negative in human sense
india|australia|IsA|animal
table|floor|CapableOf|store
notebook|portfolio|HasProperty|sold in stores
house|jail|HasA|fee to visit
person|speaker|UsedFor|announcing something
cave|store|UsedFor|a holiday
bedroom|bathroom|UsedFor|car repair
street|driveway|MadeOf|sand
attic|storage|AtLocation|in united states
store|house|HasProperty|removable
action|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
snore|toronto|IsA|animal
communication|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
hotel|ocean|IsA|item of clothing
countryside|wilderness|HasProperty|2 syllables
mountain|playground|AtLocation|at a party
cupboard|porch|IsA|place to make food
refrigerator|pot|CapableOf|be used with a computer
montana|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
bed|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
food|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
sky|store|CapableOf|fly
street|ground|HasA|feet to stand 
airport|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
refrigerator|table|AtLocation|indoors
street|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
store|bag|IsA|room in a home
countryside|outdoors|IsA|country
remembering|crying|IsA|negative thing
attic|closet|UsedFor|storage
utensils|clothes|IsA|made of wood
birds|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
store|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
seaside|america|CapableOf|be read
countryside|restaurant|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
ground|clouds|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
wilderness|continent|HasA|water
office|desktop|UsedFor|reading
supermarket|earth|IsA|part of a human
loft|bathtub|HasA|ceiling
junk|bed|IsA|place
carnival|person|IsA|action
field|supermarket|CapableOf| be moved
magazine|newspaper|UsedFor|reading 
doctor|airport|UsedFor|cooling
radio|book|CapableOf| be held in your hand
cellar|closet|UsedFor|storage
airport|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
instruction|pleasure|IsA|emotion
canada|yard|AtLocation|outside
chair|attic|PartOf|house
television|snore|IsA|place
castle|skyscraper|UsedFor|travel
porch|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
beer|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
stamps|drawer|IsA|form of entertainment
encyclopedia|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
school|apartment|HasA|fee to visit
condiments|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
home|apartment|AtLocation|in the united states
earth|synagogue|IsA|event
montana|tent|UsedFor|learning
cage|lemur|AtLocation|in home
office|library|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
depression|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
stomach|field|HasA|edible items for sale
hole|australia|IsA|place where money is kept
action|key|UsedFor|living
thinking|food|IsA|negative emotion
excavation|store|IsA|country
bathroom|farmyard|IsA|object
drawer|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
china|house|CapableOf|be parked on
meeting|school|HasProperty|material
allergies|joy|CapableOf|be physically touched
books|manual|HasProperty|a publication
bus|village|AtLocation|on a map
park|countryside|IsA|animal
california|oklahoma|HasA|start with a
ocean|building|IsA|item of clothing
office|imagination|UsedFor|praying
office|demonstration|IsA|building
town|tent|UsedFor|learning
satisfaction|regret|IsA|feeling
museum|hallway|HasA|usually have people inside
suburb|countryside|IsA|state
elevator|basement|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
town|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
skin|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
candle|sun|IsA|car
happiness|entertaining|IsA|activity
class|information|IsA|part media
street|glass|UsedFor|transportation
chair|cabinet|UsedFor|viewing/reading
map|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
village|skyscraper|AtLocation|in your company
arguments|exhaustion|MadeOf|pause
jar|container|UsedFor|drinking 
glass|sink|CapableOf|be used as transport 
bathroom|school|CapableOf|be performed
clouds|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
fun|smiles|IsA|emotion
trouble|junk|HasProperty|an animal
lawn|newspaper|HasProperty|a solid item 
apartment|mansion|HasA|roof
briefcase|pocket|UsedFor|writing
music|war|IsA|action
computer|telephone|AtLocation|in the living room
knowledge|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
bathroom|store|IsA|food
store|company|IsA|business
table|museum|AtLocation|indoors
drinking|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
farmyard|bathroom|IsA|location
building|store|IsA|item of clothing
book|library|CapableOf|be worn
trauma|embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
airport|work|HasA|airplanes
furniture|rug|CapableOf|sleeping
basement|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
countryside|town|IsA|country
floor|ceiling|PartOf|an office
closet|house|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
restaurant|house|IsA|type of building
attic|cat|HasProperty|a household item
attic|michigan|CapableOf|work
drawer|dishwasher|IsA|dish
supermarket|bathroom|UsedFor| gathering together
office|montana|IsA|n item of furniture
body|people|HasProperty|an event
ground|field|IsA|natural or man made
depression|controversy|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
instruction|remembering|MadeOf|wood
birds|human|UsedFor|eating
mouse|garage|CapableOf|cooking
backpack|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
party|office|IsA|device used for working
money|nightmares|PartOf|mental disorder
kitchen|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
thinking|information|HasProperty|a meal
building|furniture|UsedFor|reading
bathroom|nest|PartOf|physical structure
mansion|buildings|UsedFor|putting on a show
neighborhood|suburbs|IsA|state
cabinet|dishwasher|IsA|something found in a household
stuff|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
cage|universe|IsA|place
television|computer|AtLocation|in office blocks
supermarket|bread|PartOf|food and drink
door|dust|UsedFor|storage
clothing|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
country|wisconsin|CapableOf|be walked on
manual|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
garbage|ground|UsedFor|storage
mexico|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
thinking|food|CapableOf|cause pain
building|wine|IsA|us state
bathroom|cage|HasProperty|man-made
cupboard|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
rain|ceiling|UsedFor|work
stomach|food|AtLocation|in  a residence
apartment|earth|HasProperty|an event
house|ocean|CapableOf|store small items
apartment|school|UsedFor|sporting events
village|mountains|IsA|place you can live
yard|countryside|IsA|nature-related
workplace|battle|IsA|place
suburb|house|CapableOf|be parked on
coffee|stamps|IsA|furniture
drawer|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
bathroom|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
government|country|IsA|place
cabinet|mouse|IsA|building
cupboard|refrigerator|CapableOf|be used with a computer
telegram|information|IsA|visible object
office|closet|UsedFor|a holiday
automobile|house|UsedFor|car travel
fun|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
school|factory|IsA|place
sweat|defeat|IsA|positive card
punishment|punch|CapableOf|make you sad
ocean|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
nest|store|PartOf|natural landscape
dust|clothes|MadeOf|food
bed|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
table|wedding|IsA|place or location
death|person|MadeOf|flesh
backpack|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
safe|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
opera|conference|IsA|part of a human
synagogue|imagination|IsA|mental place
birds|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
air|birds|HasProperty|man made
dog|car|AtLocation|on the map
gentleman|clothing|UsedFor|learning
home|bowl|IsA|type of room
television|nature|HasProperty|an animal
building|yard|IsA|nation
trees|forest|CapableOf|be part of a house
birds|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
persia|place|PartOf|house
manual|party|PartOf|food and drink
landfill|trash|UsedFor|playing
room|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
refrigerator|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
agreement|laughter|IsA|verb
sleep|floor|IsA|place
meeting|information|IsA|physical tangible object
park|restaurant|IsA|event
books|floor|IsA|furniture 
trees|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
table|newspaper|AtLocation|library
nails|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
table|corner|IsA|room
safe|color|IsA|place for students
bearing|trash|MadeOf|metal or plastic
park|lamp|IsA|building
warehouse|attic|UsedFor|generating products or plants
opera|buildings|IsA|location
people|convention|IsA|place
sink|drawer|IsA|furniture 
drawer|cupboard|MadeOf|food
boat|sink|IsA|physical item 
opera|television|UsedFor|worship
wilderness|marmoset|HasA|car
imagination|monastery|UsedFor|praying
refrigerator|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
agreement|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
food|cup|CapableOf|store things
shed|box|IsA|room in a home
oven|cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
dream|inspiration|IsA|emotion
information|dinner|UsedFor|studying
michigan|suburb|IsA|business that serves food
wilderness|universe|IsA|place or location to visit
condiments|kitchen|CapableOf|cook things
elevator|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
ground|teapot|AtLocation|in the united states
concert|lights|UsedFor|music
office|carpet|IsA|type of room
cellar|store|IsA|structure or building
cellar|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
cabinet|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
problems|remembering|IsA|negative thing
shelf|car|HasA|doors
bar|bottle|IsA|type of business
field|landfill|MadeOf|metal or plastic
computer|shop|IsA|study room
school|elevator|PartOf|building
theater|town|IsA|social event
oven|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
bank|russia|UsedFor|cooking
clothing|floor|UsedFor|storage
excitement|dancing|IsA|verb
beach|sunshine|HasProperty|hot
container|box|UsedFor|storing physical things
action|theater|UsedFor|living
waterfall|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
sea|valley|IsA|small body of water
birds|heaven|PartOf|house 
building|classroom|CapableOf|move location
groceries|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
library|dictionary|UsedFor|viewing/reading
church|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
refrigerator|container|AtLocation|in a house
backyard|bedroom|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
sink|cupboard|HasA|edible items for sale
performing|discovery|IsA|emotion
subdivision|city|CapableOf|be parked on
film|case|IsA|something found in a household
hairbrush|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
detroit|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
roof|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
apartment|restaurant|IsA|type of building
neighborhood|china|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
jar|bridge|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
synagogue|body|HasProperty|an event
wilderness|city|IsA|place
college|school|CapableOf|move
funeral|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
loft|kitchen|PartOf|vehicle
cabinet|case|IsA|piece of furniture
university|safe|IsA|physical tangible object
ground|trees|IsA|stone
store|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
valley|work|AtLocation|on a map
container|jar|HasA|empty space in it
motel|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
cupboard|supermarket|HasA|ceiling
california|prison|IsA|place
cabinet|porch|IsA|place to make food
closet|warehouse|PartOf|house
office|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
clock|picture|MadeOf|paper
kitchen|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
forest|countryside|CapableOf|fly
school|bathroom|CapableOf|be performed
church|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
pantry|refrigerator|HasA|store edible items
forest|florida|CapableOf|be read
confusion|mind|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
mess|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
fox|arkansas|IsA|country
classroom|desk|UsedFor|viewing/reading
notebook|office|UsedFor|writing
junk|sleep|IsA|place
mess|office|HasProperty|a building to live in
michigan|homes|UsedFor|ordering a burger
office|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
school|house|IsA|animal or book
cut|food|CapableOf|tell stories
throne|suit|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
action|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
stove|food|AtLocation|in a house
beach|outdoors|IsA|nature-related
garden|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
apartment|cinema|HasProperty|alive
countryside|woods|IsA|living/once living
thinking|cut|IsA|colorful
bedroom|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
disneyland|boxes|IsA|room in a building
bar|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
bowl|home|IsA|type of room
party|car|AtLocation|inside a house
book|meeting|CapableOf|have people physically in it
lake|stream|MadeOf|trees
nature|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
wall|clock|AtLocation|library
sink|boat|IsA|physical item 
bubblegum|wallet|UsedFor|living
store|money|CapableOf|keeping cash
apartment|ground|IsA|place where people live
bank|ground|MadeOf|organic brown matter
restaurant|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
river|ocean|HasA|3 letters
pride|relaxation|IsA|verb
sink|desktop|HasA|edible items for sale
restaurant|town|IsA|country
lake|forest|IsA|place
outdoors|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
street|field|MadeOf|wood
yard|backyard|CapableOf|be part of a house
house|kitchen|AtLocation|with water
outdoors|wilderness|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
garden|park|IsA|country
money|wallet|UsedFor|paying for items
garden|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
cinema|conference|HasProperty|alive
countryside|suburb|HasProperty|a country
hole|bank|MadeOf|sand
refrigerator|store|IsA|food
beach|park|IsA|nature-related
snore|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
refrigerator|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
college|school|IsA|place of formal education
backpack|sink|IsA|furniture 
school|college|HasProperty|material
container|market|IsA|type of food
shock|nightmares|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
backyard|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
sky|carpet|PartOf|an office
soup|glass|UsedFor|transportation
playground|mountain|MadeOf|plastic
field|street|IsA|natural or man made
plate|food|CapableOf|store things
ground|air|IsA|part of nature
ground|countryside|HasProperty|in a cold climate
crying|controversy|IsA|emotion
film|cabinet|IsA|dish
table|bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
building|garden|IsA|country
birds|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
stuff|coffee|CapableOf|be held in your hands
supermarket|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
sink|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
backpack|house|IsA|made of wood
drugstore|roof|IsA|place to sleep
room|street|IsA|place to pray
roof|floor|UsedFor|decoration
tent|theater|IsA|planet
cut|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
shelf|bottle|HasA|door
garden|plants|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
apartment|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
home|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
universe|movies|IsA|drink
corner|table|IsA|place to store items
tension|happiness|IsA|feeling or emotion
wedding|earth|IsA|house where man live
stream|cage|IsA|place
china|house|IsA|residential area
human|doctor|IsA|country
death|erections|CapableOf|hurt
clothing|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
hospital|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
circus|desk|IsA|religious card
barnyard|switzerland|IsA|animal
restaurant|suit|UsedFor|learning
wallet|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
lumberyard|restaurant|IsA|place or location
restaurant|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
kitchens|cup|IsA|piece of furniture
love|house|IsA|business
ocean|world|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
trunk|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
cabinet|encyclopedia|CapableOf|contain multiple people
porch|table|UsedFor|reading
game|clothing|UsedFor|learning
pond|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
encyclopedia|head|HasA|screen
garage|snore|AtLocation|in home
blood|person|PartOf|the human body
floor|sleep|IsA|place
house|museum|IsA|type of building
roof|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
people|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
elevator|dance|CapableOf|be heard
newspaper|work|AtLocation|library
restaurant|countryside|IsA|nation
antarctica|tennessee|IsA|animal
attic|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
circus|carnival|HasA|ticket box usually
montana|kentucky|PartOf|political geographical area
desk|stamps|UsedFor|storage
understanding|relaxation|UsedFor|seeking an answer
hole|countryside|IsA|animal or book
instruction|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
house|park|PartOf|glass
supermarket|hotel|IsA|public building
magazines|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
restaurant|carpet|AtLocation|at a famous university
countryside|store|IsA|animal
program|concert|MadeOf|wood
mouse|sewer|HasProperty|found below ground level
valley|city|IsA|building
oven|plate|HasA|empty space in it
street|ground|AtLocation|outside
desk|stuff|IsA|1 syllable word
floor|garbage|IsA|store items
church|people|UsedFor|praying
sky|desert|IsA|natural thing
outdoors|woods|MadeOf|trees
house|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
neighborhood|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
nightmares|crying|IsA|positive thing
drawer|home|UsedFor|cooling
encyclopedia|library|UsedFor|viewing/reading
refrigerator|kitchen|AtLocation|indoors
trouble|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
school|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
arizona|france|AtLocation|labeled on a map
box|backpack|UsedFor|eating
mountain|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
factory|school|MadeOf|by man
love|happiness|IsA|n emotion
bottle|shelf|UsedFor|storing things in
program|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
party|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
shelf|lasagna|CapableOf|be purchased
cabinet|drawer|IsA|dish
drawer|box|IsA|1 syllable word
countryside|suburb|MadeOf|sand
conference|montana|UsedFor|buying food
garden|park|HasA|walls
jar|container|UsedFor|carrying things
opera|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
town|highway|HasProperty|made by humans
playground|pond|IsA|nation
outside|mexico|UsedFor|driving on or over
outside|fox|IsA|country or state name
jar|change|CapableOf|be held in your hands
supermarket|cabinet|HasA|ceiling
theater|apartment|IsA|planet
book|books|MadeOf|technology
bag|trunk|UsedFor|storing physical things
country|town|HasProperty|ruled by one government
suburb|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
floor|attic|HasProperty|an animal
depression|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
thinking|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
trees|rock|IsA|man made thing
forest|beach|IsA|living thing
attic|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
canada|mexico|IsA|country
desk|manual|UsedFor|viewing/reading
stomach|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
bathroom|gate|IsA|business
house|maze|HasA|airplanes
cupboard|store|IsA|sweet or savory
car|air|IsA|product that people buy
table|shelf|CapableOf|be worn
detroit|school|CapableOf|fly
can|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
indiana|backyard|MadeOf|fiber
sahara|desert|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
wedding|buildings|HasProperty|a gathering place
jar|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
remembering|knowledge|HasProperty|typically positive
clouds|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
anger|punishment|HasA|punish
apartment|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
outdoors|backyard|IsA|place or location
bedroom|wall|IsA|place to store items
money|purse|CapableOf|be held in your hands
nest|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
room|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
village|countryside|IsA|place you can live
garage|cabinet|UsedFor|mainly sleep
cabinet|glass|IsA|furniture 
pride|lightning|CapableOf|fly
food|thinking|CapableOf|fly
knowledge|information|IsA|place for students
building|bedroom|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
fish|bridge|HasA|water
drawer|cabinet|IsA|form of entertainment
trash|dishwasher|IsA|building
countryside|town|IsA|nature-related
minnesota|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
shelf|table|AtLocation|in  a residence
disneyland|street|HasProperty|hot
refrigerators|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
jar|water|CapableOf|store small items
book|meeting|CapableOf|be alive
human|workplace|UsedFor|education
desktop|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
dinner|coffee|CapableOf|be held in your hands
fun|relaxation|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
shop|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
glass|chicken|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
floor|rug|IsA|garden
water|soup|CapableOf|be used as transport 
motel|shop|IsA|study room
attic|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
pond|yard|CapableOf|be man made
theater|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
church|street|CapableOf|keeping cash
cupboard|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
field|information|IsA|place to study
entertaining|fun|IsA|activity
corner|door|MadeOf|wood
homes|michigan|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
tennessee|stable|UsedFor|food
cupboard|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
lawn|information|IsA|something kept a home
sky|ground|HasProperty|man made
remembering|instruction|IsA|emotion
jail|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
desk|god|UsedFor|praying
glass|pantry|CapableOf|be used for school
roof|furniture|IsA|building
china|town|HasA|buildings in it
city|school|IsA|place
apartment|classroom|UsedFor| gathering together
working|anger|HasA|ltr p
bathroom|cellar|IsA|food
suburbs|town|UsedFor|transportation
opera|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
dancing|empathy|IsA|something considered as positive
bar|pantry|IsA|type of food
heaven|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
anxiety|performing|IsA|negative emotion
garage|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
headache|action|IsA|physical state
gate|maze|IsA|business
restaurant|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
glass|oven|HasA|edible items for sale
school|library|HasA|pool
floor|television|HasProperty|a household item
warehouse|attic|IsA|place
desktop|sea|IsA|vacation destination
warehouse|boxes|IsA|room in a home
bedroom|backyard|IsA|part of a house
food|condiments|CapableOf|be consumed
people|body|IsA|part of a human
alcohol|restaurants|UsedFor|eating or drinking
thinking|fear|IsA|emotion
bay|sea|HasProperty|human made
den|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
forest|suburbs|IsA|proper noun
apartment|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
airport|school|PartOf|house 
dishwasher|toilet|IsA|building
telephone|computer|IsA|study room
river|fly|IsA|physical item 
store|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
park|pleasure|IsA|happy card
city|beaver|UsedFor|digging 
theater|bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
creek|lake|IsA|1 syllable word
corporation|sun|CapableOf|place
bathroom|person|IsA|type of building
happiness|tears|HasA|punish
utensils|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
building|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
montana|theater|UsedFor|learning
trash|backpack|UsedFor|eating
supermarket|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
neighborhood|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
garbage|cat|IsA|store items
countryside|city|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
porch|home|IsA|physical item 
sweat|dreams|AtLocation|usually in a bed
depression|problems|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
box|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
casino|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
drawer|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
imagination|conference|IsA|n item of furniture
hotel|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
russia|bank|MadeOf|paper
bedroom|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
home|classroom|IsA|object that can be held
store|office|IsA|item of clothing
state|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
skin|church|HasProperty|an event
airplane|loft|IsA|place to sleep
sugar|outside|IsA|room in a building
remembering|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
minnesota|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
enemies|stress|IsA|positive card
body|opera|HasProperty|an event
books|meeting|MadeOf|technology
trees|beach|IsA|nature-related
container|box|IsA|room in a home
money|depression|PartOf|mental disorder
room|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
knowledge|field|HasProperty|a meal
shelf|desk|AtLocation|in the home or  office
passageway|cave|UsedFor|a holiday
plate|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
home|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
countryside|air|IsA|animal
drawer|desk|UsedFor|storage
classroom|buildings|HasProperty|a gathering place
student|computer|IsA|building
tension|argument|IsA|positive card
auditorium|church|HasA|usually have people inside
bed|nature|PartOf|house
hospital|bedroom|IsA|study room
wedding|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
ground|ceiling|IsA|car
jail|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
shed|funeral|IsA|room in a home
argument|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
garage|toilet|CapableOf|opened or closed
market|kitchens|IsA|type of food
people|building|HasA|ticket box usually
oven|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
game|meeting|AtLocation|in a building
fun|pride|IsA|action
food|school|IsA|event
arkansas|oklahoma|IsA|us state
conference|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
disneyland|cupboard|CapableOf|be used with a computer
college|house|CapableOf|move
headache|cleanliness|CapableOf|be physically touched
dinner|field|HasProperty|related to studying
bathtub|furniture|MadeOf|wood
australia|hole|MadeOf|paper
hospital|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
bicycle|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
food|plate|CapableOf|store things
class|church|HasA|person stood at the front
restaurant|wood|IsA|place or location
town|street|MadeOf|sand
book|pocket|IsA|building
house|table|UsedFor|student
computer|speaker|AtLocation|in a kitchen
can|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
thinking|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
building|garage|HasProperty|a type of property
death|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
chair|automobile|HasProperty|easily movable
michigan|store|IsA|living thing
like|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
cat|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
flower|plants|UsedFor|at home
cellar|mouse|HasProperty|found below ground level
trees|forest|IsA|nation
car|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
lamp|ocean|IsA|place to live
basement|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
anxiety|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
countryside|ground|IsA|man made thing
butterflies|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
case|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
conference|apartment|HasProperty|alive
restaurant|cellar|CapableOf| be moved
concert|music|IsA|physical and movable item
cupboard|sugar|IsA|room in a building
carrots|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
floor|store|UsedFor|to keep items
nightmares|sweat|AtLocation|usually in a bed
movies|funeral|IsA|place
opera|silence|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
lamp|house|UsedFor|worship
trees|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
roadway|driveway|HasA|sidewalks
bed|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
suburbs|freeway|CapableOf|be read
learning|entertaining|IsA|activity
apartment|restaurant|AtLocation|on the map
supermarket|stomach|HasProperty|edible
wedding|cinema|HasProperty|a gathering place
outside|container|IsA|room in a building
pond|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
office|library|CapableOf|have a street address
information|newspaper|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
cave|ocean|UsedFor|a holiday
street|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
supermarket|park|CapableOf|be eaten
bathroom|cave|IsA|business
contemplating|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
building|loft|IsA|place to sleep
basement|groceries|CapableOf|be moved around
drawer|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
color|thinking|IsA|part media
water|jar|UsedFor|link between places
bed|tile|AtLocation|with water
mexico|garden|IsA|country
yard|town|IsA|nature-related
television|computer|IsA|study room
train|entertainment|IsA|mode of transport
library|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
hole|bank|IsA|animal
ballpark|backyard|IsA|outdoor area
dust|ground|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
rug|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
car|stupid|HasProperty|an action
lightning|cut|IsA|negative emotion
desires|sweat|CapableOf|hurt
library|field|HasProperty|a meal
mouth|conference|UsedFor|announcing something
trash|pot|IsA|furniture
chairs|floor|IsA|type of room
kitchens|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
desktop|party|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
refrigerator|supermarket|PartOf|food and drink
auditorium|montana|IsA|religious card
bedroom|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
garage|basement|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
kitchen|office|IsA|ceremony
museum|germany|CapableOf|be heard
field|market|CapableOf| be moved
window|floor|IsA|object
arkansas|tennessee|IsA|country
cup|bed|AtLocation|on the map
mess|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
house|city|HasProperty|a location
table|ceiling|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
dinner|case|IsA|place
playground|restaurant|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
house|school|IsA|in a home
papers|university|IsA|furniture
park|school|IsA|part of the body
montana|opera|UsedFor|buying food
depression|nostalgia|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
restaurant|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
playground|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
freeway|connection|HasA|airplanes
excitement|enjoyment|HasProperty|a positive emotion
desk|imagination|UsedFor|praying
convention|wedding|IsA|planet
field|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
shop|hospital|HasProperty|a place you can work
basement|outside|UsedFor|cooking
auditorium|church|IsA|place of religion
supermarket|pantry|HasA|ceiling
food|candy|IsA|part of the body
restaurant|computer|UsedFor|work
mexico|park|IsA|place to grow plants
house|rain|HasProperty|white
pot|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
change|jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
utensils|case|MadeOf|plastic
pocket|backpack|IsA|place of learning
silverware|shelf|MadeOf|metal
wedding|conference|UsedFor| gathering together
room|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
newspaper|driveway|IsA|state
house|sun|IsA|specific part of a structure
garage|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
country|valley|CapableOf|be walked on
passageway|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
color|knowledge|IsA|physical tangible object
ground|rock|IsA|natural or man made
city|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
concert|home|IsA|object that can be held
mansion|wedding|HasProperty|alive
michigan|desk|UsedFor|eating
car|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
ocean|beach|PartOf|natural landscape
indiana|california|IsA|us state
microwave|case|IsA|dish
birds|human|CapableOf|be lived in
happiness|learning|IsA|something considered as positive
apartment|town|IsA|place
backpack|school|UsedFor|learning
garbage|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
agreement|pain|IsA|reaction
nostalgia|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
church|movie|IsA|place people can meet
smiles|fun|IsA|enjoyable
forest|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
depression|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
roadway|driveway|CapableOf|be parked on
papers|table|HasProperty|derived from wood
desk|cabinet|IsA|form of entertainment
nails|store|IsA|piece of furniture
closet|dog|AtLocation|on the map
desert|nature|IsA|natural thing
apartment|pot|CapableOf|cooking
air|jail|UsedFor|driving
relaxation|excitement|IsA|verb
convention|church|UsedFor|learning
wilderness|windowsill|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
park|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
room|motel|HasA|usually have people inside
bridge|city|HasProperty|human made
boredom|park|MadeOf|pause
picture|playground|MadeOf|plastic
cat|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
bridge|country|HasProperty|human made
restaurant|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
cave|hotel|IsA|public place
encyclopedia|classroom|IsA|book
backpack|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
homes|couch|PartOf|house 
buildings|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
trash|michigan|IsA|furniture
bathroom|theater|HasProperty|alive
beer|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
toilet|bar|UsedFor|car repair
cupboard|case|UsedFor|storage
castle|homes|CapableOf|move freely
theater|town|UsedFor|learning
porch|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
program|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
france|mountains|HasA|car
ground|dust|HasProperty|known as dirty
park|exhaustion|MadeOf|golden
floor|porch|CapableOf|store
utensils|backpack|UsedFor|to keep items
cage|field|UsedFor|food
dream|instruction|IsA|emotion
skate|carnival|PartOf|building
money|nostalgia|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
hunger|pain|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
wood|tree|HasProperty|furniture in a house
office|kitchen|HasProperty|able to be entered
coats|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
backpack|locker|UsedFor|reading
bathroom|sky|IsA|living thing
classroom|encyclopedia|UsedFor|viewing/reading
program|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
sweat|dreams|CapableOf|hurt
knowledge|safe|UsedFor|studying
stairs|furniture|CapableOf|sleep on it
trunk|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
house|garden|UsedFor|worship
tent|wedding|IsA|planet
supermarket|hotel|IsA|event
building|hospital|IsA|place where people die typically
anxiety|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
cup|dog|AtLocation|on the map
library|market|HasProperty|able to be entered
sahara|forest|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
school|wings|PartOf|house 
glass|car|IsA|physical item 
outside|park|HasProperty|part of your  house
bed|floor|PartOf|house
head|encyclopedia|IsA|place for students
drawer|clothing|UsedFor|reading 
street|sky|IsA|animal
effort|movement|CapableOf|cause injury
garage|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
wedding|montana|UsedFor|buying food
backyard|yard|IsA|place you visit often
church|wedding|IsA|part of a human
picture|park|MadeOf|plastic
house|town|IsA|state
head|thinking|IsA|place to study
town|mexico|AtLocation|outside
outdoors|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
shop|desk|IsA|ground where child play
bank|bathroom|HasProperty|mainly used for sleeping
kitchen|hallway|IsA|type /part of building
drugstore|classroom|AtLocation|in your room
opera|synagogue|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
bathroom|den|CapableOf|be moved around
newspaper|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
butterflies|fear|CapableOf|fly
home|california|HasProperty|where someone can live
bar|pot|IsA|type of business
voice|choir|IsA|electronic device
market|kitchen|IsA|location or room
dance|theater|IsA|type of room
sahara|seattle|IsA|geographic location
street|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
canada|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
library|lamp|UsedFor|reading books
thinking|injury|IsA|negative emotion
classroom|book|IsA|building
concert|auditorium|CapableOf|have people physically in it
india|wilderness|IsA|place
state|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
pot|shelf|HasA|plug or power source
outside|mountains|HasProperty|part of your  house
wilderness|countryside|CapableOf|be currently visited
bread|refrigerator|PartOf|food and drink
clouds|attic|IsA|place for clothes
mountain|store|IsA|living thing
bedroom|backyard|PartOf|house
playground|garden|IsA|place people work and live
town|canada|AtLocation|outside
bathroom|kitchen|IsA|type of room
cupboard|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
minnesota|valley|IsA|building
sweetness|field|CapableOf|make you sad
cupboard|silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
cupboard|desktop|CapableOf|be found in a house
rug|persia|HasA|legs
case|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
telephone|desktop|AtLocation|in the living room
dishwasher|dishes|IsA|furniture
candy|box|IsA|part of the body
attic|light|IsA|piece of furniture
suicide|dancing|IsA|emotion
castle|homes|CapableOf|be lived in
trunk|table|CapableOf|be worn
hairbrush|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
field|happiness|IsA|noun
box|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bedroom|corner|HasProperty|a public place
park|building|AtLocation|outside
food|shelf|CapableOf|cook
closet|television|IsA|place for clothes
bedroom|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
chocolate|box|IsA|part of the body
squirrel|forest|HasProperty|man made
suburb|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
shop|jail|IsA|room or building
flower|plants|IsA|place
enemies|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
table|drawer|IsA|physical item 
ground|rock|AtLocation|outside
den|bathroom|HasA|ceiling
church|lamp|MadeOf|wood
beach|forest|IsA|country
field|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
suburbs|school|IsA|place
nails|classroom|UsedFor|writing
agreement|fun|IsA|verb
wallet|desk|IsA|dish
pot|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
animals|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
restaurant|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
injury|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
entertaining|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
ontario|canada|IsA|american state
food|cup|HasA|store edible items
shed|church|IsA|place
books|internet|MadeOf|meet
party|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
motel|entertainment|IsA|tourist destination
garden|forest|IsA|animal
bar|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
performing|birds|IsA|colorful
airport|apartment|IsA|type /part of building
magazine|newspaper|UsedFor|news
suburbs|countryside|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
magazine|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
opera|concert|UsedFor|work
hallway|market|HasProperty|able to be entered
lake|forest|IsA|natural thing
cabinet|kitchen|AtLocation|inside a house
shelf|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
toronto|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
park|ballpark|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
desktop|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
cupboard|pot|CapableOf|cooking
tennessee|city|IsA|animal
marmoset|mountains|IsA|n animal
basement|party|IsA|building
money|shock|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
food|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
inspiration|problems|MadeOf|wood
bedroom|shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
humans|university|IsA|drink
trouble|backyard|IsA|animal
box|utensils|CapableOf|be held in your hands
factory|mexico|PartOf|man body
library|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
ballpark|answer|UsedFor|containing objects
attic|clouds|IsA|place for clothes
lamp|rain|UsedFor|work
circus|heaven|UsedFor|praying
garden|university|CapableOf|have people  inside
synagogue|skin|IsA|house where man live
argument|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
rug|ceiling|PartOf|house
death|erections|AtLocation|usually in a bed
porch|kitchen|UsedFor|cooking
floor|tile|HasProperty|a type of building
car|classroom|HasProperty|alive
information|safe|IsA|part media
shelf|food|MadeOf|metal
garden|office|CapableOf|have people  inside
town|subdivision|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
airport|jail|CapableOf|store
school|notes|CapableOf|move
desk|ceiling|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
television|junk|PartOf|house
restaurant|porch|CapableOf|storing food
bedroom|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
theater|classroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
library|notebook|CapableOf|move
bay|valley|HasProperty|human made
workplace|jail|IsA|place where you can visit
michigan|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
waterfall|sea|HasProperty|human made
opera|people|HasProperty|part of a human
floor|garage|IsA|place
backpack|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
park|box|IsA|public building
carrots|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
telegram|lawn|IsA|something kept a home
box|case|IsA|furniture
pride|performing|IsA|emotion
field|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
wedding|theater|IsA|event
internet|television|MadeOf|technology
store|restaurant|IsA|food
class|dinner|UsedFor|studying
antarctica|stable|IsA|animal
kitchen|refrigerator|IsA|building
medium|glass|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
building|circus|IsA|place or location
sleep|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
supermarket|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
sink|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
skin|church|IsA|house where man live
cellar|house|UsedFor|cooking
boredom|cleanliness|MadeOf|golden
restaurant|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
wall|apartment|MadeOf|wood
television|garbage|IsA|store items
toilet|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
chicken|soup|CapableOf|be used as transport 
crying|shock|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
school|university|IsA|building
street|house|IsA|state
stamps|trash|IsA|furniture
hairbrush|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
microwave|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
circus|imagination|IsA|religious card
fly|river|IsA|physical item 
knowing|sleep|IsA|emotion
attic|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
soup|box|IsA|location
encyclopedia|desktop|IsA|necessity for education
trash|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
paper|portfolio|HasProperty|sold in stores
room|closet|IsA|place to pray
cage|lemur|IsA|place
school|notebook|HasProperty|material
seaside|forest|IsA|place
table|bed|UsedFor|reading 
trunk|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
building|apartment|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
boat|building|UsedFor|reading
briefcase|paper|CapableOf|be worn
bedroom|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
jar|ocean|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
porch|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
music|dance|CapableOf|be performed
fox|tennessee|HasA|even number of letter
film|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
beach|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
humans|cafe|HasProperty|something you can touch
stick|grass|IsA|living/once living
disneyland|garage|CapableOf|storing food
rock|trees|IsA|natural or man made
garbage|attic|IsA|place
grape|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
table|desktop|UsedFor|worship
wedding|convention|IsA|place
box|food|IsA|event
montana|desert|IsA|country
jar|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
desert|countryside|IsA|natural thing
table|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
museum|pantry|MadeOf|wood
earth|town|UsedFor|camping
earth|people|HasProperty|part of a human
library|manual|HasA|letter e in it
market|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
stadium|school|UsedFor|pooping
car|harbor|UsedFor|transportation
notebook|house|CapableOf|move
steakhouse|building|IsA|us state
windowsill|closet|AtLocation|in the sky
desktop|office|UsedFor|communication
suburbs|driveway|IsA|state
garden|backyard|CapableOf|be part of a house
internet|car|HasProperty|alive
communication|drinking|IsA|activity
house|basement|HasProperty|found below ground level
television|jar|IsA|event
jail|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
table|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
program|computer|UsedFor|worship
backyard|rug|PartOf|house
loft|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
valley|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
town|yard|UsedFor|children to play
passageway|building|IsA|item of clothing
enjoyment|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
airport|floor|CapableOf|store
airport|human|CapableOf|be lived in
reflection|food|HasA|physical appearance
cup|container|IsA|  place
shelf|market|IsA|place or location
dancing|entertaining|IsA|emotion
university|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
doctor|home|UsedFor|cooling
opera|concert|MadeOf|wood
supermarket|action|IsA|thing you have on person
mouse|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
dancing|celebrating|IsA|activity
wedding|motel|IsA|tourist destination
restaurant|can|MadeOf|metal
cabinet|bedroom|CapableOf|be found in a house
apartment|town|IsA|place or location
drinking|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
passageway|school|UsedFor|a holiday
moon|hallway|IsA|car
bedroom|basement|UsedFor|cooking
party|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
wilderness|city|CapableOf|be read
cup|pantry|AtLocation|in a house
meeting|color|HasProperty|a meal
boxes|cabinet|HasProperty|found below ground level
city|india|IsA|place
airport|office|UsedFor|cooking
water|toilet|HasProperty|a building
ocean|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
moss|grass|IsA|living/once living
hotel|wedding|UsedFor|overnight stays
clothing|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
garage|boat|IsA|physical item 
park|jellyfish|UsedFor|reading
refrigerators|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
war|good|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
theater|wedding|IsA|planet
pool|boat|IsA|physical item 
backyard|park|HasA|properties of any kind
hospital|morgue|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
bowl|jar|IsA|location
love|human|UsedFor|a gathering of people
garden|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
dancing|celebrating|IsA|verb
box|rug|AtLocation|inside a house
bridge|sink|HasA|pipe system attached
drawer|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
office|television|IsA|ground where child play
toilet|bathroom|MadeOf|more than one room
car|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
backyard|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
manual|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
house|program|UsedFor|work
city|ranch|IsA|animal
newspaper|television|HasProperty|a solid item 
motel|garage|HasProperty|a place where people sing
synagogue|people|IsA|part of a human
fun|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
america|country|MadeOf|water
apartment|classroom|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
waterfall|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
human|band|IsA|place
table|glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
field|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
ground|refrigerator|HasProperty|a state in the usa
wings|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
party|room|HasA|usually have people inside
restaurant|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
arkansas|mountains|IsA|us state
sorrow|nightmares|IsA|negative thing
cellar|cupboard|CapableOf|be opened/closed
market|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
dictionary|beaver|IsA|place
person|cellar|HasProperty|a type of building
store|roof|HasProperty|man made
key|bubblegum|HasProperty|to do with currency
people|god|UsedFor|praying
stamps|drawer|IsA|something you eat off
books|information|MadeOf|meet
restaurant|house|UsedFor|sporting events
park|store|HasProperty|man made
dishes|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
ballpark|peanuts|UsedFor|containing objects
forest|yard|HasA|walls
refrigerator|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
outdoors|park|UsedFor|children to play
fox|alabama|IsA|state in uk
wires|desktop|IsA|list of alphabets
office|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
opera|wedding|IsA|location
hotel|motel|UsedFor|milking cows
ocean|jar|PartOf|kitchen
sewer|basement|HasProperty|found below ground level
trouble|attic|PartOf|house
park|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
suburb|driveway|MadeOf|sand
ocean|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
apartment|office|HasProperty|a public place
television|radio|AtLocation|on/in the human body
cupboard|refrigerator|UsedFor|storage
communication|pain|IsA|reaction
hospital|motel|IsA|building
shed|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
dust|corner|UsedFor|storage
sink|bottle|MadeOf|glass or metal
butterflies|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
drawer|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
controversy|pain|IsA|emotion
kitchen|bathroom|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
action|discovery|CapableOf|fly
minnesota|michigan|IsA|business that serves food
cave|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
water|sink|HasA|pipe system attached
house|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
concert|airport|IsA|object that can be held
workplace|church|IsA|country
yard|playground|IsA|place you visit often
conference|classroom|IsA|location
sleeping|nightmares|IsA|feeling
restaurant|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
school|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
jail|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
yard|town|UsedFor|children to play
mouth|television|CapableOf|be eaten
kitchen|stove|CapableOf|store things
moon|curtain|HasProperty|hot
building|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
furniture|junk|IsA|store items
city|country|IsA|object/thing
cellar|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
airport|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
love|connection|IsA|public place
detroit|airport|PartOf|house 
internet|conference|HasProperty|alive
church|street|PartOf|house
michigan|church|UsedFor|ordering a burger
driveway|countryside|IsA|state
home|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
house|hospital|IsA|building
cabinet|briefcase|IsA|building
vase|shelf|IsA|place
person|bathroom|IsA|type of building
synagogue|people|IsA|place
connection|hospital|HasA|airplanes
frustration|pride|IsA|feeling
bar|restaurant|IsA|room
motel|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
airplane|heaven|PartOf|house 
bar|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
rock|field|PartOf|nature
dance|exchange|IsA|room in a house
love|wall|HasA|use electricity
california|ground|UsedFor|storing food
glass|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
disneyland|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
jar|purse|IsA|place you can visit
sleep|attic|PartOf|house
cabinet|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
building|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
maze|wall|IsA|business
table|wall|IsA|place to store items
castle|airplane|PartOf|house 
jar|nails|IsA|place where students learn
painting|rock|HasA|outdoor scenery
pond|aquarium|IsA|place that humans can swim
utensils|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
trunk|closet|HasProperty|removable
bedroom|home|IsA|object that can be held
death|dreams|IsA|physical object
airport|home|IsA|room or building
color|meeting|IsA|place to study
playground|garden|AtLocation|outside
backpack|cabinet|IsA|place of learning
restaurant|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
bedroom|desktop|IsA|place to store items
empathy|happiness|IsA|something considered as positive
speaker|computer|CapableOf|plug into the wall
kitchens|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
table|clothing|IsA|wooden object 
bathroom|bedroom|IsA|type of room
store|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
kitchen|home|CapableOf|move location
house|building|HasA|bed for sleeping
table|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
prison|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
theater|crowd|CapableOf|have people physically in it
conference|skin|IsA|place
shelf|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
party|car|PartOf|food and drink
shelf|house|HasProperty|an object
apartment|body|IsA|part of a human
cat|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
refrigerator|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
books|beaver|PartOf|political geographical area
temple|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
room|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
church|restaurant|IsA|place people can meet
sea|windowsill|HasProperty|hot
water|toilet|HasA|pipe system attached
headache|allergies|MadeOf|nature
movie|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
neighborhood|countryside|HasA|buildings in it
happiness|birds|IsA|colorful
computer|television|AtLocation|in a building
apartment|toilet|IsA|room in a property
college|library|UsedFor|studying in
bathroom|palace|IsA|in a home
microwave|disneyland|IsA|dish
action|relaxation|UsedFor|driving
excitement|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
drugstore|building|CapableOf|move location
leaves|trees|AtLocation|outside
bubblegum|jar|HasProperty|to do with currency
like|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
street|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
happiness|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
barn|demonstration|AtLocation|at a house
house|town|MadeOf|sand
coats|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
car|school|AtLocation|inside a house
nature|water|IsA|car
notebook|school|HasProperty|material
theater|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
revelations|action|IsA|physical state
performing|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
seaside|india|IsA|place
airplane|birds|PartOf|house 
sweat|sleeping|PartOf|human body
cow|tennessee|MadeOf|country
car|backpack|UsedFor|to keep items
desert|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
house|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
desktop|wires|HasProperty|a property 
synagogue|demonstration|AtLocation|at a house
backpack|stamps|IsA|place
thinking|revelations|IsA|physical state
sky|house|IsA|car
warehouse|factory|UsedFor|storing stuffs
lightning|birds|IsA|emotion
remembering|inspiration|IsA|emotion
computer|television|IsA|physical and movable item
university|bedroom|IsA|object that can be held
meeting|dinner|UsedFor|studying
office|desktop|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
shelf|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
table|stove|AtLocation|in a house
california|indiana|IsA|country or state name
opera|theater|HasProperty|an event
shed|closet|IsA|structure or building
library|school|HasProperty|material
newspaper|clothing|CapableOf|store
street|sun|HasProperty|white
trash|field|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
table|cupboard|HasProperty|an object
drawer|backpack|HasProperty|an object
roof|park|HasProperty|man made
dancing|excitement|IsA|verb
jar|wallet|CapableOf|hold objects
cupboard|restaurant|IsA|food
clouds|ground|UsedFor|storage
toilet|bathroom|UsedFor|urination
country|electricity|UsedFor|worship
china|driveway|MadeOf|sand
wallet|purse|IsA|thing you have on person
outside|cup|AtLocation|inside a house
state|bedroom|IsA|business that serves food
universe|drink|CapableOf|be currently visited
water|room|IsA|car
park|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
shelf|floor|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
park|yard|IsA|place people work and live
backyard|park|IsA|outdoor location
store|house|IsA|item of clothing
ceiling|ground|IsA|car
suburb|town|CapableOf|be parked on
communication|suffering|IsA|negative feeling
garage|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
street|store|IsA|animal
connection|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
dream|knowing|IsA|emotion
sun|ground|UsedFor|work
school|wilderness|IsA|place or location to visit
bedroom|party|IsA|ground where child play
notebook|desktop|IsA|building
colorado|underground|IsA|activity 
pot|mouse|AtLocation|inside a house
roof|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
drinking|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
television|woods|UsedFor|storing things inside
sweetness|anger|IsA|emotion
cupboard|pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
school|airport|PartOf|house 
embarrassment|controversy|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
excitement|communication|IsA|physical emotion
bed|floor|IsA|physical item 
newspaper|library|UsedFor|cooling
cupboard|table|UsedFor|storage
storage|factory|AtLocation|in united states
smiles|drinking|IsA|verb
opera|program|UsedFor|work
tent|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
garage|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
porch|shop|CapableOf|store
outside|roof|IsA|place to store items
action|contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
chocolate|television|IsA|public building
love|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
closet|bathtub|HasA|wheels
plate|condiments|HasA|empty space in it
store|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
supermarket|conference|IsA|place
chair|synagogue|IsA|mental place
chair|dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
classroom|airport|IsA|object that can be held
corner|party|IsA|building
river|sink|UsedFor|eating or drinking
church|heaven|IsA|religious card
countryside|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
hotel|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
trunk|shed|IsA|room in a home
funeral|box|IsA|structure or building
dinner|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
cellar|basement|CapableOf|be used for storage
rug|floor|UsedFor|standing on
minnesota|bathroom|IsA|object
bathroom|lake|MadeOf|trees
people|circus|UsedFor|praying
kitchen|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
yard|backyard|AtLocation|outside
countryside|china|HasA|buildings in it
love|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
theater|carpet|IsA|type of room
refrigerator|garden|UsedFor|reading
library|computer|UsedFor|housing
pain|depression|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
inspiration|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
kitchen|outside|MadeOf|wood
human|birds|CapableOf|move freely
assessment|garage|IsA|human or part of human
market|shelf|IsA|place or location
yard|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
bubblegum|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
stomach|glass|HasProperty|made of wood
dust|corner|CapableOf|make sounds
air|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
toilet|pot|IsA|furniture
bathroom|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
continent|world|IsA|specific place
floor|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
pan|shelf|MadeOf|metal
countryside|outdoors|MadeOf|trees
car|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
table|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
death|anger|IsA|positive card
jar|closet|PartOf|wood
workplace|church|IsA|person
supermarket|field|IsA|food
building|attic|AtLocation|in united states
trees|field|AtLocation|outside
books|floor|HasProperty|furniture
library|desk|IsA|n electronic device
telephone|museum|UsedFor|communication
pond|bay|HasA|earth
florida|india|IsA|place
floor|home|IsA|informal term for youth
problems|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
classroom|town|IsA|location
bar|beer|UsedFor|storing things in
town|suburb|IsA|business that serves food
desktop|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
yard|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
house|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
skin|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
musical|concert|UsedFor|referring to humans
excitement|happiness|HasProperty|an emotion
shelf|cupboard|MadeOf|food
container|cup|IsA|type of food
jar|casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
forest|india|IsA|place
notes|inside|CapableOf|move
plants|garden|AtLocation|outside
office|container|IsA|place where students learn
key|bubblegum|HasA|function
montana|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
ground|yard|IsA|animal
television|office|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
church|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
mouth|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
bathroom|garden|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
television|office|HasProperty|used for learning
action|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
air|ocean|PartOf|house
band|human|IsA|nation symbol
agreement|communication|UsedFor|manifesting joy
marmoset|texas|HasA|car
apartment|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
countryside|town|HasA|walls
suburb|china|HasProperty|a location
bowl|home|IsA|tableware
confusion|mind|CapableOf|be heard
office|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
desk|chair|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
utensils|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
glass|medium|UsedFor|transportation
china|town|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
museum|desktop|UsedFor|storage
attic|closet|AtLocation|in the sky
hospital|bedroom|IsA|place
fun|street|AtLocation|within a building's structure
movies|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
change|money|CapableOf|be held in your hands
building|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
thinking|field|IsA|place for students
bar|computer|HasProperty|a room
classroom|museum|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
table|clothing|IsA|room or building
cabinet|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
field|information|HasProperty|a meal
newspaper|house|IsA|state
teapot|ground|IsA|place people live
convention|church|UsedFor|buying food
relaxation|joy|IsA|verb
marmoset|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
song|silence|HasA|sound
cave|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
apartment|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
refrigerator|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
building|closet|UsedFor|reading books
wedding|hotel|UsedFor|overnight stays
supermarket|bar|IsA|public place
village|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
kitchen|sink|IsA|furniture 
table|drawer|MadeOf|food
desk|case|MadeOf|wood
skyscraper|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
garage|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
garden|beach|IsA|nation
water|bridge|PartOf|kitchen
reflection|action|CapableOf|tell stories
meeting|books|MadeOf|meet
demonstration|corner|HasProperty|able to be entered
bedroom|house|UsedFor|work
garbage|bed|IsA|place
cupboard|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
encyclopedia|library|CapableOf|be used virtually 
freeway|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
oven|kitchen|HasProperty|used for meals
doctor|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
china|house|HasProperty|a location
forest|rain|HasProperty|associated with the environment
dishwasher|wallet|IsA|form of entertainment
potatoes|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
plate|case|MadeOf|wood
freeway|city|IsA|place
backyard|bedroom|PartOf|house
knowledge|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
garage|restaurant|IsA|type of building
yard|playground|UsedFor|children to play
australia|freeway|CapableOf|be read
house|jar|HasA|pipe system attached
shoes|cup|UsedFor|indoor activities
beer|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
refrigerator|bread|UsedFor|eating or drinking
picture|shelf|MadeOf|paper
table|desk|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
table|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
newspaper|desert|IsA|state
pantry|refrigerator|UsedFor|keeping things cool
supermarket|box|IsA|part of the body
happiness|contemplating|IsA|emotion
outside|table|AtLocation|inside a house
nest|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
nature|garage|IsA|store items
airport|jail|IsA|physical item 
pain|shock|PartOf|mental disorder
conference|cabinet|IsA|school supply
house|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
bathroom|class|CapableOf|be performed
house|cupboard|CapableOf|be moved around
table|nails|IsA|location
building|park|HasA|properties of any kind
warehouse|trash|UsedFor|storing physical things
kitchen|desktop|AtLocation|indoors
city|farm|HasProperty|a workplace
porch|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
atlas|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
desk|ocean|MadeOf|energy
carnival|good|PartOf|building
information|color|UsedFor|studying
doctor|clothing|CapableOf|store
restaurant|house|MadeOf|glass
reflection|injury|CapableOf|fly
yard|building|IsA|nature-related
drawer|utensils|MadeOf|plastic
chair|porch|UsedFor|cooking
president|control|IsA|book
stress|tension|IsA|feeling or emotion
pocket|bubblegum|HasProperty|to do with currency
refrigerator|shelf|AtLocation|indoors
safe|head|HasProperty|a meal
attic|michigan|MadeOf|water
telephone|office|HasProperty|used for learning
desk|stamps|IsA|something you eat off
backyard|forest|IsA|country
food|condiments|UsedFor|serving dinner
valley|bus|AtLocation|in your company
couch|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
sea|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
river|sea|HasA|water
bread|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
street|rain|IsA|geographic location
office|map|CapableOf|be worn
playground|beach|IsA|nation
newspaper|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
headache|learning|IsA|emotion
briefcase|nails|IsA|piece of furniture
stove|condiments|HasA|store edible items
building|garden|CapableOf|be man made
ocean|hope|HasProperty|found in the house
refrigerator|toilet|IsA|furniture
dictionary|fly|HasProperty|found above ground
cut|lightning|CapableOf|fly
money|pain|IsA|positive thing
synagogue|park|IsA|place or location
bag|trunk|IsA|room in a home
texas|mountains|IsA|place
park|sun|IsA|vacation destination
party|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
field|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
glass|fly|UsedFor|transportation
soup|sink|IsA|physical item 
jar|stove|AtLocation|in a house
injury|discovery|CapableOf|fly
trouble|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
airport|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
sewer|outside|UsedFor|cooking
tent|body|IsA|house where man live
factory|library|HasProperty|visited by tourists
outside|switzerland|AtLocation|at a party
asia|africa|CapableOf|make movement
field|lemur|IsA|place
greenhouse|windowsill|CapableOf|laugh
panic|anger|IsA|five-letter word
maze|house|IsA|business
table|restaurant|UsedFor|work
bedroom|bank|IsA|room
cupboard|pantry|HasA|roof
city|town|HasProperty|a workplace
apartment|house|HasA|fee to visit
antarctica|city|IsA|animal
hospital|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
hole|bank|HasProperty|wooded
pizza|cheese|IsA|type of food
city|ocean|IsA|country or state
bowl|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
hallway|apartment|IsA|room in a property
box|stamps|MadeOf|wood
notebook|office|CapableOf|be worn
instruction|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
forest|backyard|AtLocation|outside
table|work|CapableOf|show you time
jail|bar|CapableOf|be entered
sunbathers|desert|IsA|vacation destination
neighborhood|house|IsA|place where you can live
california|freeway|CapableOf|be read
plate|table|UsedFor|keeping things cool
condiments|cup|HasA|empty space in it
knowledge|university|UsedFor|studying
inspiration|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
encyclopedia|dictionary|CapableOf|be read
class|skate|PartOf|building
market|bar|IsA|type of food
beach|countryside|AtLocation|outside
countryside|house|IsA|state
shop|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
apartment|opera|HasProperty|an event
computer|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
moon|sink|CapableOf|store small items
backyard|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
happiness|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
library|classroom|CapableOf|contain multiple people
trauma|sorrow|IsA|something a baby could have
church|montana|UsedFor|buying food
kitchen|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
house|bathroom|IsA|public place
cabinet|film|IsA|something you eat off
shelf|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
music|school|CapableOf|be heard
listening|learning|IsA|something considered as positive
wings|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
house|restaurant|UsedFor|sporting events
carpet|floor|UsedFor|sitting on
lamp|ceiling|HasProperty|white
computer|school|IsA|building
canada|switzerland|HasProperty|a country
bowl|disneyland|IsA|furniture
nightmares|sleeping|AtLocation|usually in a bed
books|classroom|IsA|book
kitchen|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
internet|television|HasProperty|a publication
bed|cat|IsA|place
action|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
rock|trees|AtLocation|outside
valley|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
conference|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
countryside|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
passageway|cave|HasA|beds
countryside|rock|IsA|living/once living
aquarium|fish|IsA|place that humans can swim
desert|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
forest|ground|HasProperty|man made
moon|room|IsA|car
supermarket|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
chocolate|wedding|IsA|part of the body
windowsill|sky|CapableOf|fly
office|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
playground|yard|IsA|nature-related
kitchen|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
apartment|office|UsedFor|sitting on
garage|storage|CapableOf|have people living there
forest|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
casino|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
cabinet|shelf|IsA|furniture 
pantry|corner|AtLocation|indoors
trunk|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
case|wallet|UsedFor|storage
newspaper|field|IsA|place for students
telegram|meeting|IsA|something kept a home
nightmares|controversy|IsA|emotion
cottage|countryside|HasProperty|in a cold climate
park|jail|IsA|place where you can visit
fish|sea|HasProperty|human made
stomach|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
cupboard|table|MadeOf|plastic
michigan|nebraska|IsA|building
closet|jar|PartOf|wood
bedroom|church|CapableOf|have people  inside
satisfaction|teaching|HasA|ltr p
floor|bed|IsA|place
ocean|nest|IsA|living thing
windowsill|ground|HasA|head
leaves|rock|IsA|man made thing
sunshine|windowsill|IsA|place
action|cut|IsA|emotion
trunk|container|IsA|room in a home
dictionary|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be used virtually 
dirt|garden|MadeOf|organic brown matter
town|apartment|HasProperty|an event
birds|fear|IsA|colorful
ballpark|peanuts|HasA|to do with planets
airport|office|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
suburb|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
conference|buildings|HasProperty|alive
theater|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
map|desktop|HasA|walls
tree|air|MadeOf|natural materials
outside|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
office|conference|IsA|type of room
telephone|office|IsA|ground where child play
potatoes|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
pennsylvania|outside|MadeOf|plastic
mountain|outside|MadeOf|plastic
cave|hospital|IsA|public place
country|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
papers|garage|AtLocation|home
library|synagogue|CapableOf|have people go inside
heaven|field|MadeOf|paper
street|rock|IsA|stone
minnesota|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
relaxation|action|IsA|positive state
sky|desk|IsA|home appliance
hole|desert|UsedFor|holding animals
ocean|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
forest|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
anger|suffering|IsA|emotion
ocean|basement|IsA|building
pot|beer|MadeOf|metal
bedroom|garage|UsedFor|cooking
clothing|car|HasProperty|an object
supermarket|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
garage|cellar|IsA|room (type)
library|house|IsA|building
beach|universe|AtLocation|as part of a house
mansion|apartment|UsedFor|living inside of
information|meeting|CapableOf|be held in your hand
library|store|UsedFor|a holiday
microwave|apartment|IsA|dish
peanuts|road|IsA|music related event
human|factory|IsA|country
building|temple|AtLocation|in your room
table|microwave|UsedFor|storage
floor|table|MadeOf|wood
dictionary|magazine|IsA|place
defeat|stress|IsA|positive card
laughter|enjoyment|UsedFor|hobbies
cut|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
trunk|floor|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
bed|chair|PartOf|house
hallway|ocean|IsA|country or state
meeting|manual|MadeOf|technology
tile|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
stairs|loft|CapableOf|sleep on it
desires|sleeping|PartOf|human body
anger|death|IsA|positive card
basement|attic|IsA|place to pray
mexico|pond|IsA|country
jar|bridge|CapableOf|can you drink it
street|basement|IsA|car
table|drawer|CapableOf|be worn
water|closet|AtLocation|within a building's structure
moon|sky|IsA|car
book|knowledge|HasA|screen
idaho|park|IsA|drink
countryside|backyard|IsA|nature-related
desert|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
basement|house|UsedFor|mainly sleep
himalayas|austria|MadeOf|rocks
trees|mountains|AtLocation|below
circus|town|IsA|place or location
anger|punishment|IsA|noun
company|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
information|library|IsA|place for students
food|birds|HasA|physical appearance
countryside|city|HasProperty|a location
plate|trash|CapableOf|be held in your hands
pizza|burger|IsA|type of food
table|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
cupboard|container|IsA|room (type)
cow|tennessee|IsA|animal
bedroom|corner|IsA|room
newspaper|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
school|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
kitchens|supermarket|IsA|type of business
cabinet|backpack|IsA|furniture 
bowl|backpack|AtLocation|in a home
chocolate|food|IsA|event
building|forest|CapableOf|be part of a house
puddle|glass|UsedFor|transportation
trauma|crying|HasProperty|typically positive
burger|onions|IsA|location or room
house|shop|IsA|study room
kitchen|bedroom|IsA|room
valley|skyscraper|AtLocation|on a map
color|meeting|IsA|physical tangible object
store|pocket|IsA|school supply
suburbs|city|IsA|place where you can live
mexico|beach|IsA|country
attic|corner|CapableOf|make sounds
room|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
swimming|forest|IsA|animal
ceiling|shelf|CapableOf|show you time
theater|supermarket|HasProperty|a gathering place
suit|movie|UsedFor|learning
cabinet|film|UsedFor|storage
cat|attic|HasProperty|an animal
hotel|jail|IsA|object
museum|synagogue|CapableOf|have people go inside
information|book|IsA|place for students
garage|trash|IsA|furniture
trauma|knowing|IsA|emotion
nails|bowl|AtLocation|in a home
basement|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
attic|basement|CapableOf|part  of a household
discovery|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
yard|beach|IsA|place people work and live
stable|cow|MadeOf|country
restaurant|microwave|UsedFor|storage
garage|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
company|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
canada|pennsylvania|IsA|location
encyclopedia|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
wilderness|cage|UsedFor|holding animals
outside|mountains|HasA|multiple definitions
hallway|corner|CapableOf|be slept in
tile|apartment|AtLocation|with water
cabinet|container|IsA|location
attic|trouble|IsA|place
performing|action|IsA|negative emotion
heaven|hole|UsedFor|food
butterflies|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
desktop|pocket|IsA|book
colorado|marmoset|IsA|activity 
table|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
apartment|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
suburbs|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
street|rain|UsedFor|work
kitchen|bedroom|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
trauma|sadness|HasProperty|linked to food
playground|building|CapableOf|be man made
classroom|school|IsA|building
cabinet|mouse|IsA|place to make food
bar|hallway|IsA|room in a property
restaurant|michigan|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
store|michigan|PartOf|house
supermarket|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
drink|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
agreement|embarrassment|IsA|sad emotion
toilet|mouse|CapableOf|be used with a computer
action|thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
wilderness|freeway|IsA|proper noun
desk|computer|IsA|study room
forest|tree|IsA|animal
battle|mexico|HasProperty|outdoors
sky|ground|IsA|car
dishwasher|table|UsedFor|storage
cupboard|utensils|UsedFor|storage
tears|anger|HasA|punish
building|backyard|IsA|place you visit often
hospital|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
street|sun|AtLocation|at a home
house|apartment|IsA|room
office|heaven|UsedFor|praying
antarctica|tennessee|MadeOf|country
dishes|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
wall|floor|AtLocation|above the ground
butterflies|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
cabinet|shelf|AtLocation|indoors
auditorium|school|HasProperty|a place where people sing
thinking|television|IsA|place for students
cellar|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
bathroom|bedroom|IsA|room in a property
toilet|ocean|UsedFor|link between places
basement|wood|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
bottle|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
leaves|field|IsA|natural product or man made
pride|lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
office|computer|IsA|ground where child play
funeral|library|MadeOf|wood
table|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
dream|pleasure|MadeOf|wood
nails|store|UsedFor|carrying things
room|refrigerator|CapableOf|be entered
knowing|problems|IsA|negative feeling
town|neighborhood|IsA|place where you can live
refrigerator|kitchens|IsA|type of food
oklahoma|texas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
skin|convention|IsA|house where man live
room|floor|UsedFor|decoration
montana|conference|IsA|n item of furniture
trash|stamps|IsA|1 syllable word
pocket|bubblegum|HasA|function
suffering|pain|IsA|emotion
boat|inside|HasProperty|furniture in a house
outside|backyard|IsA|part of a property
suburbs|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
city|suburbs|IsA|place
problems|knowledge|PartOf|mental disorder
paper|notebook|HasA|walls
apartment|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
synagogue|god|IsA|place of religion
celebrating|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
school|library|IsA|place
store|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
closet|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
auditorium|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
basement|kitchen|IsA|room in a building
classroom|office|UsedFor|religious services
box|shed|IsA|place to pray
encyclopedia|desktop|CapableOf|contain multiple people
dinner|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
yard|pond|AtLocation|outside
pantry|refrigerators|HasA|store edible items
synagogue|opera|IsA|house where man live
garage|television|HasProperty|an animal
books|television|AtLocation|in a store
desert|disneyland|IsA|place
heaven|russia|UsedFor|food
house|trunk|CapableOf|store a car
churchyard|valley|AtLocation|indoors
pain|problems|PartOf|mental disorder
dentist|table|CapableOf|store
town|church|UsedFor|buying food
thinking|knowledge|IsA|part media
playground|mexico|HasA|1 syllable  word
controversy|trauma|IsA|something a baby could have
entertaining|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
school|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
furniture|bathtub|HasA|ceiling
floor|restaurant|IsA|place or location
basement|garage|PartOf|house
carpet|table|UsedFor|furnishing a house
disneyland|sea|HasProperty|hot
government|trouble|IsA|book
attic|box|IsA|place to pray
porch|refrigerator|IsA|building
garage|barn|UsedFor|worship
kitchen|airplane|IsA|place to sleep
park|heart|IsA|happy card
library|encyclopedia|IsA|book
moon|jar|MadeOf|organic material
building|synagogue|IsA|place or location
dishwasher|backpack|IsA|furniture 
carrots|grape|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
disneyland|sunshine|HasProperty|hot
restaurants|bar|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
shed|trunk|UsedFor|storing physical things
stream|lake|MadeOf|water
classroom|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
house|cellar|HasProperty|found below ground level
ceiling|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
love|smiles|HasProperty|a positive emotion
sun|country|IsA|concept or place
books|dictionary|CapableOf|be read
magazine|home|CapableOf|provide a service
restaurant|school|UsedFor|free
desktop|silverware|HasProperty|edible
drawer|sink|HasProperty|furniture
road|concert|UsedFor|flying
wilderness|mountains|IsA|place
garden|town|IsA|nation
switzerland|stable|UsedFor|food
bathroom|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
closet|rug|AtLocation|inside a house
store|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
allergies|exhaustion|CapableOf|happiness
roof|store|PartOf|physical structure
pride|heart|IsA|happy card
wall|corner|AtLocation|indoors
disneyland|desert|AtLocation|at america
passageway|airport|HasA|beds
supermarket|television|CapableOf|be eaten
australia|lemur|MadeOf|paper
lamp|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
pocket|desktop|IsA|place of learning
museum|shelf|IsA|place to store items
bed|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
frisbee|roof|MadeOf|natural materials
apartment|building|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
stove|oven|HasA|store edible items
utah|texas|IsA|us state
kitchens|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
sloth|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
disneyland|pot|IsA|place to make food
bedroom|cabinet|AtLocation|in a building
office|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
restaurant|museum|IsA|room
driveway|house|IsA|state
carrots|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
florida|theater|UsedFor|living
desert|air|IsA|animal
theater|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
war|mind|IsA|action
office|briefcase|IsA|place where students learn
ground|closet|CapableOf|make sounds
skyscraper|home|PartOf|house 
cellar|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
garden|forest|IsA|country
dirt|region|IsA|continent
backpack|plate|IsA|place
canada|mountain|IsA|location
closet|table|MadeOf|food
mouse|pot|IsA|place to make food
bird|lake|IsA|natural thing
wedding|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
forest|cage|IsA|living thing
classroom|wedding|UsedFor|putting on a show
burger|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
shop|jail|IsA|1 syllable  word
backpack|container|CapableOf|be eaten
supermarket|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
enjoyment|laughter|IsA|something considered as positive
plate|shelf|IsA|place
film|stamps|IsA|something you eat off
bathtub|rug|HasA|ceiling
bedroom|hospital|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
ocean|air|MadeOf|natural materials
magazines|bed|IsA|physical item 
corner|bedroom|HasProperty|able to be entered
casino|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
china|street|MadeOf|sand
nails|teacher|UsedFor|writing
dinner|color|HasProperty|related to studying
cupboard|cabinet|CapableOf|be found in a house
program|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
rain|ground|AtLocation|at a home
switzerland|stable|IsA|animal
bag|container|UsedFor|storing physical things
canada|pond|IsA|country
cabinet|nails|UsedFor|writing
attic|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
pain|controversy|IsA|negative thing
container|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
teacher|office|IsA|piece of furniture
basement|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
universe|school|IsA|place or location to visit
excitement|relaxation|IsA|mental state
house|clock|IsA|inanimate object
airport|floor|UsedFor|cooling
death|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
color|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
backpack|soup|IsA|location
shelf|groceries|IsA|type of business
summer|beach|HasProperty|hot
park|yard|CapableOf|be man made
corner|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
nest|box|PartOf|natural landscape
country|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
garbage|ground|HasProperty|known as dirty
cupboard|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
toilet|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
prison|america|CapableOf|be read
class|restaurant|IsA|place people can meet
change|key|CapableOf|be held in your hands
thinking|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
countryside|ocean|PartOf|natural landscape
desk|corner|IsA|ground where child play
container|cheese|IsA|location or room
refrigerator|california|IsA|looks like house
thinking|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
mansion|school|HasProperty|a type of building
floor|clothing|UsedFor|reading 
home|kitchen|IsA|type /part of building
pond|building|CapableOf|be man made
dictionary|library|IsA|book
hallway|museum|UsedFor|urination
hotel|college|UsedFor|criminals
bridge|house|UsedFor|in a bathroom
drugstore|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
ocean|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
control|president|HasA|movie
kitchen|porch|IsA|building
backyard|countryside|AtLocation|outside
home|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
fun|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
ocean|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
water|garage|AtLocation|within a building's structure
house|classroom|IsA|room
inspiration|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
train|farm|UsedFor|over night stays 
cupboard|restaurant|CapableOf|be opened/closed
sky|forest|IsA|natural thing
cage|sloth|IsA|place
town|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
bar|museum|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
disneyland|case|IsA|dish
world|continent|IsA|specific place
funeral|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
argument|sweat|IsA|positive card
hospital|city|AtLocation|inside a house
kitchen|oven|AtLocation|in a house
street|forest|IsA|type of place
battle|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
apartment|home|AtLocation|in the united states
magazines|magazine|IsA|room or building
house|china|IsA|residential area
school|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
program|house|UsedFor|worship
house|windowsill|HasProperty|found in a home
book|thinking|HasA|screen
store|paper|UsedFor|writing
building|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
cage|australia|IsA|place where money is kept
village|ocean|AtLocation|on a map
people|circus|IsA|n item of furniture
arkansas|fox|HasA|start with a
ocean|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
attic|closet|HasProperty|found inside a house
garage|porch|CapableOf|cooking
store|office|UsedFor|a holiday
table|restaurant|MadeOf|glass
case|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
desktop|briefcase|UsedFor|storage
ocean|office|UsedFor|sitting on
mess|closet|IsA|building
sewer|outside|IsA|room (type)
cup|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
beaver|montana|IsA|country
nostalgia|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
newspaper|desert|IsA|place where you can live
knowledge|thinking|PartOf|human mind
pocket|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
school|apartment|UsedFor|sporting events
theater|synagogue|IsA|social event
outside|home|IsA|animal
water|box|IsA|place to pray
like|tears|IsA|verb
dishwasher|table|IsA|furniture 
motel|school|IsA|building
forest|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
pride|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
doctor|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
suburbs|montana|IsA|residential area
barn|building|HasProperty|a type of property
movie|microwave|IsA|something found in a household
house|sewer|IsA|room
chair|attic|IsA|piece of furniture
cage|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
bathroom|museum|HasA|usually have people inside
roof|bathtub|CapableOf|sleeping
museum|shelf|AtLocation|indoors
wedding|cinema|IsA|location
laughter|happiness|HasProperty|a positive emotion
mail|boxes|IsA|structure or building
newspaper|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
manual|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
shed|bag|UsedFor|storing physical things
supermarket|cinema|IsA|location
cave|building|IsA|place to live
dishwasher|pot|CapableOf|be used with a computer
house|motel|CapableOf|hold people against their will
cupboard|shelf|HasA|edible items for sale
cup|dog|AtLocation|inside a house
drawer|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
aquarium|city|HasProperty|human made
butterflies|performing|CapableOf|cause pain
shop|lamp|IsA|n electronic device
telephone|office|IsA|study room
toilet|water|HasA|pipe system attached
roof|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
park|movies|IsA|public building
relaxation|fun|IsA|mental state
book|library|IsA|thing you can touch
crowd|theater|CapableOf|have people physically in it
house|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
bar|cup|IsA|piece of furniture
paperwork|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
table|condiments|AtLocation|in a house
clothing|floor|UsedFor|cooling
city|china|HasProperty|a location
bathtub|loft|HasA|ceiling
library|internet|UsedFor|reading
road|carnival|UsedFor|flying
restaurant|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
desktop|cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
park|trees|AtLocation|outside
classroom|library|UsedFor|reading
restaurant|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
store|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
pantry|museum|AtLocation|indoors
happiness|discovery|IsA|emotion
windowsill|door|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
museum|woods|HasProperty|a room
bank|field|AtLocation|in home
house|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
home|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
classroom|bedroom|IsA|specific part of a structure
office|theater|IsA|room in a house
families|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
stadium|aircraft|UsedFor|living in
bread|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
garage|room|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
town|building|IsA|place people work and live
cat|toronto|PartOf|house
church|box|PartOf|house
food|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
park|families|IsA|part of the body
doctor|demonstration|UsedFor|furniture
fire|sun|HasProperty|capable of burning you
container|beer|MadeOf|metal
refrigerator|pantry|HasA|empty space in it
apartment|table|HasProperty|furniture
building|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
closet|fingernails|HasA|wheels
shelf|roof|MadeOf|wood
stamps|drawer|UsedFor|storage
college|classroom|IsA|object that can be held
home|sun|IsA|specific part of a structure
trees|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
warehouse|furniture|IsA|private space
water|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
town|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
mouse|container|HasProperty|found below ground level
store|tree|IsA|animal
garden|church|MadeOf|glass
problems|knowledge|IsA|feeling/emotion
basement|cellar|IsA|place to pray
museum|classroom|UsedFor|urination
bathroom|home|CapableOf|be moved around
tile|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of building
action|florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
apartment|school|HasA|fee to visit
nightmares|erections|CapableOf|hurt
roadway|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
outdoors|playground|IsA|country
closet|dinner|IsA|made of wood
restaurant|pot|CapableOf|storing food
problems|controversy|IsA|positive thing
cupboard|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
dishwasher|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
newspaper|home|UsedFor|cooling
forest|desert|IsA|popular attraction
coffee|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
garage|ground|IsA|looks like house
passageway|connection|HasA|airplanes
roof|forest|CapableOf|fly
heaven|russia|IsA|place where money is kept
money|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
floor|ceiling|PartOf|building a house
closet|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
cupboard|backpack|HasProperty|an object
sky|bird|IsA|1 syllable word
college|library|CapableOf|move
fun|relaxation|IsA|verb
skin|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
michigan|suburb|IsA|building
waterfall|mountains|IsA|living/once living
kitchen|table|UsedFor|storage
paper|portfolio|UsedFor|reading
outside|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
salad|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
tears|like|IsA|physical emotion
garage|table|AtLocation|home
building|restaurant|IsA|place you visit often
motel|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
school|library|UsedFor|reading and studying
desk|shelf|IsA|necessity for education
cage|store|CapableOf|fly
microwave|desk|IsA|dish
office|window|UsedFor|reading
basement|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
toilet|stadium|HasA|pool
restaurant|forest|IsA|place people work and live
bag|boxes|UsedFor|storing physical things
valley|pond|HasA|3 letters
apartment|car|AtLocation|inside a house
classroom|museum|CapableOf|have people go inside
rug|loft|HasA|ceiling
yard|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
countryside|pond|CapableOf|be part of a house
clouds|attic|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
notebook|briefcase|IsA|building
opera|buildings|HasProperty|a gathering place
store|clothing|MadeOf|food
pocket|table|CapableOf|be held with one hand
office|valley|AtLocation|on a map
trouble|junk|IsA|animal
jar|box|UsedFor|storage
classroom|wedding|UsedFor| gathering together
newspaper|television|IsA|part media
desk|people|PartOf|an office
bedroom|hallway|HasProperty|a public place
wilderness|mountains|HasA|car
motel|apartment|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
restaurant|classroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
refrigerator|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
moon|summer|IsA|vacation destination
closet|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
roadway|subdivision|IsA|state
space|vacuum|AtLocation|public area
school|house|UsedFor|washing
mountains|texas|IsA|place
color|thinking|UsedFor|studying
table|computer|UsedFor|learning
house|dinner|IsA|made of wood
car|clothes|HasProperty|an object
church|apartment|IsA|building
reflection|action|CapableOf|cause pain
pot|mouse|IsA|place to make food
table|kitchen|AtLocation|in a home
opera|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
desk|desktop|UsedFor|viewing/reading
kitchen|apartment|UsedFor|reading
countryside|park|HasProperty|part of your  house
closet|store|UsedFor|storing physical things
internet|supermarket|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
storage|building|AtLocation|in united states
cinema|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
heaven|imagination|IsA|place of religion
boxes|mail|IsA|room in a home
waterfall|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
basement|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
desktop|encyclopedia|CapableOf|contain multiple people
outdoors|park|HasA|walls
dentist|clothing|CapableOf|store
weather|forest|IsA|popular attraction
airport|bathroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
clothes|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
roadway|city|IsA|state
opera|wedding|IsA|house where man live
box|utensils|IsA|furniture
book|field|IsA|physical tangible object
cabinet|groceries|HasA|ceiling
anxiety|fear|CapableOf|fly
roof|ceiling|PartOf|vehicle
apartment|bathroom|HasProperty|used for storing cars
plants|roof|PartOf|glass
yard|driveway|CapableOf|be parked on
communication|favors|IsA|physical emotion
telegram|information|IsA|something kept a home
kitchens|bar|PartOf|business
closet|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
clouds|attic|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
skyscraper|churchyard|AtLocation|on a map
food|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
box|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bowl|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
michigan|box|HasProperty|man-made
street|box|AtLocation|within a building's structure
attic|desk|MadeOf|wood
soup|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
pain|shock|IsA|emotion
desktop|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
kitchen|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
cabinet|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
heaven|cage|IsA|animal
wedding|television|CapableOf|be eaten
chicken|glass|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
bathroom|opera|IsA|location
hotel|office|CapableOf|have a street address
punch|anger|UsedFor|punish
store|ground|IsA|animal
house|garage|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
pocket|books|UsedFor|viewing/reading
china|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
street|countryside|HasProperty|a location
fox|california|IsA|state in uk
roof|ground|HasA|head
washington|montana|PartOf|america
head|television|IsA|place for students
ground|garden|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
cabinet|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
bedroom|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
woods|desert|IsA|natural thing
class|war|CapableOf|be performed
windowsill|ground|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
house|demonstration|IsA|pencil
food|wedding|IsA|part of the body
garden|storage|UsedFor|storing stuffs
concert|electricity|UsedFor|worship
key|jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
books|chair|CapableOf|be held with one hand
glass|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
teacher|pocket|IsA|place where students learn
supermarket|theater|IsA|location
city|suburbs|IsA|proper noun
corner|party|IsA|n electronic device
cupboard|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
meeting|university|AtLocation|home
office|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
machine|party|UsedFor|storing things inside
kitchen|classroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
driveway|roadway|IsA|state
road|highway|UsedFor|driving on or over
house|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
office|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
wood|tree|IsA|place or location
box|mouth|IsA|event
office|museum|HasA|walls
meeting|europe|IsA|place people can meet
office|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
problems|crying|PartOf|mental disorder
safe|television|HasProperty|a meal
cabinet|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
front|answer|HasProperty|related to planets
container|trunk|MadeOf|metal
anxiety|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
crying|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
closet|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
corner|closet|HasA|first letter c
coffee|utensils|IsA|place
happiness|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
confusion|mind|PartOf|building
good|mind|CapableOf|be heard
bedroom|classroom|IsA|room in a property
action|performing|IsA|negative emotion
field|meeting|IsA|part media
basement|inside|IsA|place or location
desk|carpet|UsedFor|furnishing a house
basement|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
party|church|UsedFor|sleeping
room|home|MadeOf|walls and ceiling
sky|moon|HasProperty|white
bay|fish|HasA|earth
cut|lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
pennsylvania|switzerland|IsA|location
funeral|movies|IsA|part of the body
key|casino|UsedFor|living
yard|city|HasProperty|a location
office|table|UsedFor|student
cupboard|house|IsA|room in a building
classroom|kitchen|IsA|place to sleep
hole|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
hotel|stadium|HasA|pool
street|air|IsA|animal
action|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
bedroom|classroom|IsA|specific part of a structure
sunbathers|park|IsA|vacation destination
town|people|IsA|part of a human
desert|ontario|IsA|american state
library|information|CapableOf|be held in your hand
drugs|human|UsedFor|recreation activity
commercial|stream|CapableOf|be read
canada|pond|IsA|nature-related
cup|stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
drawer|garbage|PartOf|house
desert|disneyland|HasProperty|hot
forest|street|IsA|type of place
entertainment|farm|UsedFor|overnight stays
shelf|vase|IsA|room
hotel|bedroom|IsA|item of clothing
pool|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
hallway|kitchen|CapableOf|be slept in
store|church|CapableOf|keeping cash
forest|town|IsA|country
warehouse|store|IsA|room in a home
village|countryside|HasProperty|in a cold climate
music|confusion|IsA|action
boxes|trunk|IsA|room in a home
street|church|IsA|thing you have on person
container|backpack|UsedFor|carrying things
canada|mountain|MadeOf|rocks
trunk|shelf|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
bed|nature|HasProperty|an animal
antarctica|desktop|UsedFor|storage
attic|dust|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
closet|attic|HasProperty|used for storage
town|city|IsA|part of a municipality
like|laughter|IsA|verb
death|dreams|CapableOf|hurt
condiments|plate|HasProperty|used for meals
basement|house|HasA|door
communication|favors|IsA|verb
drawer|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
montana|city|UsedFor|driving 
chair|garbage|IsA|store items
jail|airport|IsA|room or building
game|garden|IsA|place people can meet
church|homes|IsA|country
meeting|university|UsedFor|studying
candle|sky|IsA|car
drink|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
action|money|CapableOf|hold objects
restaurant|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
ceiling|lamp|IsA|car
pantry|jar|UsedFor|storage
trouble|backyard|UsedFor|standing on
pantry|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
conference|nails|IsA|school supply
pocket|backpack|UsedFor|carrying things
bathroom|apartment|UsedFor|living in
wings|birds|PartOf|house 
sleeping|sweat|HasProperty|negative in human sense
encyclopedia|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
canada|bus|AtLocation|on a map
happiness|communication|IsA|physical emotion
shelf|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
house|room|AtLocation|at a home
outside|countryside|IsA|living/once living
field|rock|IsA|stone
theater|store|CapableOf|keeping cash
container|burger|IsA|location or room
pain|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
park|workplace|IsA|person
trees|garden|IsA|nation
pantry|shelf|IsA|type of business
attic|garage|IsA|place
room|floor|IsA|garden
trouble|chair|PartOf|house
class|thinking|IsA|place to study
rain|street|IsA|popular attraction
suburb|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
mouse|container|UsedFor|cooking
town|people|IsA|place
fish|pond|HasProperty|human made
bathroom|den|HasA|roof
backpack|table|IsA|1 syllable word
thinking|head|IsA|part media
boxes|mail|IsA|structure or building
movie|dishwasher|IsA|something found in a household
beach|street|UsedFor|farmers 
atlas|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
park|supermarket|IsA|place or location
groceries|basement|HasA|door
crowd|concert|IsA|place
shelf|work|CapableOf|show you time
antarctica|outside|PartOf|house
nature|lake|IsA|natural thing
mansion|palace|HasProperty|a type of building
apartment|museum|HasProperty|a room
antarctica|city|UsedFor| housing animals
michigan|attic|UsedFor|generating products or plants
bottle|refrigerator|UsedFor|storing things in
drawer|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
store|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
tent|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
books|classroom|IsA|necessity for education
alabama|fox|IsA|us state
bedroom|wall|IsA|room
garage|ground|IsA|place where people live
cupboard|cabinet|IsA|location
mexico|outside|UsedFor|driving on or over
backyard|forest|UsedFor|swimming
cave|hospital|IsA|place to live
nest|store|IsA|place where you can stand
cupboard|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
freeway|gate|HasA|airplanes
audience|people|IsA|location
silence|program|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
school|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
opera|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
table|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
trash|boxes|UsedFor|storing physical things
briefcase|container|IsA|place where students learn
sorrow|money|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
bedroom|attic|HasProperty|used for cooking in
florida|seaside|CapableOf|be read
driveway|yard|HasProperty|a location
garage|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
jail|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
field|bearing|UsedFor|playing
store|shelf|IsA|1 syllable word
concert|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
leaves|trees|PartOf|nature
motel|hotel|IsA|building
container|plate|UsedFor|serving dinner
space|container|PartOf|wood
locker|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
television|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
sea|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
stomach|kitchen|MadeOf|metal
kentucky|washington|PartOf|political geographical area
opera|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
bedroom|store|IsA|item of clothing
container|office|IsA|piece of furniture
funeral|mail|IsA|structure or building
dinner|refrigerator|PartOf|food and drink
water|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
magazines|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
market|hallway|HasProperty|able to be entered
class|carnival|IsA|action
class|thinking|IsA|physical tangible object
cabinet|locker|IsA|place of learning
safe|color|HasProperty|related to studying
snore|junk|HasProperty|an animal
neighborhood|suburb|IsA|place where you can live
can|bar|UsedFor|storing things in
window|furniture|IsA|ceremony
supermarket|street|IsA|thing you have on person
cage|bathroom|IsA|living thing
car|closet|IsA|made of wood
oven|refrigerators|HasA|empty space in it
lightning|performing|CapableOf|cause pain
university|basement|AtLocation|within a building's structure
suffering|pain|IsA|sad emotion
suit|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
field|playground|UsedFor|farmers 
museum|locker|HasA|walls
kitchen|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
neighborhood|desert|HasProperty|a location
performing|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
supermarket|classroom|HasProperty|alive
michigan|coffee|MadeOf|wood
celebrating|drinking|IsA|verb
church|garden|UsedFor|learning
backpack|container|IsA|location
knowledge|remembering|IsA|negative thing
outside|park|AtLocation|at a party
space|peanuts|UsedFor|containing objects
bedroom|house|IsA|item of clothing
table|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
argument|injuries|HasA|physical element
passageway|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
library|meeting|HasProperty|material
magazine|floor|IsA|room or building
restaurant|school|IsA|event
churchyard|valley|AtLocation|on a map
ground|air|IsA|animal
building|garden|MadeOf|water
forest|australia|CapableOf|be read
building|music|IsA|physical and movable item
house|inside|UsedFor|happiness
cabinet|desk|MadeOf|plastic
condiments|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
learning|laughter|IsA|something specific
dishwasher|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
house|room|UsedFor|sleeping
library|house|IsA|place of learning
thinking|pride|CapableOf|cause pain
boxes|trash|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
boxes|basement|HasProperty|found below ground level
restaurant|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
wires|bar|IsA|device used for working
battle|workplace|IsA|place
opera|theater|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
earth|montana|IsA|planet
library|building|MadeOf|wood
pocket|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
trees|building|HasA|properties of any kind
kitchen|countryside|IsA|place or location to visit
jar|food|IsA|part of the body
case|microwave|IsA|dish
dishwasher|stamps|IsA|something you eat off
crying|controversy|HasProperty|typically positive
school|house|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
desk|television|AtLocation|inside someone's home
trunk|pot|MadeOf|metal
shed|closet|CapableOf|part  of a household
carpet|rug|IsA|a animal
store|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
disneyland|synagogue|IsA|place or location
stove|refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
forest|yard|IsA|living/once living
bathtub|building|UsedFor|reading
sky|michigan|CapableOf|fly
shelf|windowsill|UsedFor|at home
assessment|demonstration|UsedFor|announcing something
car|party|AtLocation|on the map
competing|enemies|HasProperty|about  clashes
town|minnesota|IsA|business that serves food
roadway|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
warehouse|garage|CapableOf|have people living there
town|city|IsA|something you can own
library|carpet|AtLocation|at a famous university
nails|soup|IsA|location
bedroom|opera|MadeOf|wood
excitement|favors|IsA|verb
room|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
apartment|garage|CapableOf|cooking
bathroom|yard|HasProperty|somewhere to go
mail|boxes|IsA|room in a home
room|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
case|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
hotel|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
fun|love|IsA|activity
ground|dust|PartOf|the sky
suffering|tears|HasA|punish
dancing|learning|IsA|emotion
dinner|field|IsA|part media
trees|wilderness|HasProperty|cold
entertaining|love|IsA|activity
alcohol|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
cupboard|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
understanding|revelations|IsA|physical state
switzerland|asia|MadeOf|rocks
air|water|HasProperty|white
apartment|loft|CapableOf|sleep on it
yard|trees|AtLocation|outside
newspaper|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
motel|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
park|allergies|MadeOf|golden
conference|theater|IsA|type of room
refrigerator|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
corner|garden|HasA|wheels
jail|bar|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
country|dirt|PartOf|the continent 
trunk|chair|HasProperty|easily movable
utah|michigan|HasA|border with an ocean
garden|tree|IsA|animal
mouth|television|IsA|place
church|town|HasProperty|an event
film|table|IsA|something found in a household
floor|chairs|IsA|type of room
hallway|ceiling|UsedFor|work
burrow|dictionary|IsA|place
basement|cellar|UsedFor|storage
newspaper|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
table|work|MadeOf|paper
valley|ocean|HasProperty|human made
street|roadway|CapableOf|be parked on
trunk|dust|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
kitchen|oven|MadeOf|metal
backyard|garden|CapableOf|be part of a house
windowsill|dust|IsA|place you can go
pond|trees|IsA|nation
university|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
highway|bridge|HasProperty|made by humans
airport|hospital|UsedFor|borrowing books
russia|australia|MadeOf|paper
attic|university|IsA|place
thinking|head|IsA|place for students
church|workplace|HasProperty|outdoors
bathtub|boat|MadeOf|wood
warehouse|building|UsedFor|generating products or plants
discovery|revelations|IsA|physical state
doctor|floor|UsedFor|cooling
theater|apartment|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
garage|apartment|HasProperty|a room
church|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
box|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
meeting|class|HasA|screen
countryside|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
cabinet|porch|CapableOf|be used with a computer
food|restaurant|IsA|type of room
switzerland|stable|MadeOf|country
junk|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
apartment|conference|IsA|place or location
library|books|AtLocation|in a store
bathroom|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
school|apartment|UsedFor|packing things inside
rug|box|AtLocation|on the map
bedroom|desk|AtLocation|above the ground
plate|refrigerator|IsA|  place
cup|condiments|CapableOf|cook things
class|restaurant|HasA|person stood at the front
carnival|container|HasA|connection to food
hole|cage|UsedFor|cooking
bathroom|toilet|UsedFor|formal learning
boredom|exhaustion|MadeOf|pause
school|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
table|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
cave|hospital|HasA|airplanes
crying|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
mouse|outside|IsA|room
vacuum|orbit|PartOf|wood
garden|plants|PartOf|body
groceries|pantry|HasA|roof
countryside|beach|PartOf|natural landscape
bedroom|hallway|UsedFor|urination
glass|oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
supermarket|concert|HasA|ticket box usually
map|paper|IsA|place of learning
dust|refrigerator|CapableOf|contain multiple people
cup|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
bowl|cabinet|AtLocation|inside a house
drinking|communication|IsA|activity
cup|oven|AtLocation|in a house
sky|stream|MadeOf|trees
mouse|cellar|HasProperty|found below ground level
airport|hotel|CapableOf|have a street address
city|sun|HasProperty|powerful
restaurant|bathroom|CapableOf| be moved
conference|wedding|IsA|location
snow|weather|IsA|type of place
bathroom|passageway|IsA|business
supermarket|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
problems|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
table|refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
suburb|house|MadeOf|sand
theater|casino|IsA|place to be entertained
nostalgia|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
inspiration|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
garage|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
bar|refrigerator|UsedFor|storing things in
wedding|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
garbage|dust|AtLocation|indoors
stamps|bowl|IsA|something found in a household
yard|valley|IsA|tall building
bedroom|cat|IsA|animal
pool|garage|UsedFor|transportation
america|region|IsA|continent
dream|knowledge|MadeOf|wood
house|ground|IsA|car
sweetness|happiness|UsedFor|punish
garage|door|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
restaurant|university|IsA|place people can meet
greenhouse|garden|PartOf|body
kitchens|cup|IsA|type of food
countryside|city|IsA|proper noun
hunger|nostalgia|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
listening|dancing|IsA|something considered as positive
museum|good|CapableOf|be heard
street|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
newspaper|television|IsA|place for students
remembering|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
map|office|UsedFor|reading
montana|supermarket|UsedFor|learning
grass|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
russia|cage|MadeOf|paper
drawer|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
church|workplace|IsA|place
office|library|HasProperty|found in a house
forest|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
glass|dishes|IsA|furniture 
erections|nightmares|CapableOf|hurt
synagogue|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
office|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
circus|office|IsA|place of religion
cellar|boxes|IsA|room
nostalgia|nightmares|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
school|battle|UsedFor|recreation activity
windowsill|bathroom|PartOf|physical structure
nature|attic|IsA|place
company|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
park|restaurant|IsA|country
box|case|MadeOf|wood
wall|shelf|UsedFor|storage
canada|michigan|IsA|country or state
shelf|floor|IsA|1 syllable word
cat|junk|PartOf|house
hallway|toilet|IsA|room in a property
dishwasher|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
sink|ocean|HasProperty|a building
church|homes|HasProperty|child friendly
michigan|human|IsA|country
favors|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
butterflies|action|IsA|negative emotion
shop|floor|UsedFor|cooling
box|closet|IsA|place to pray
television|jar|IsA|public building
corner|cabinet|AtLocation|indoors
soup|store|CapableOf|be sweet
garden|throne|UsedFor|learning
restaurant|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
basement|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
oven|food|HasA|store edible items
supermarket|restaurant|IsA|food
bathroom|home|PartOf|house 
commercial|moon|CapableOf|be currently visited
porch|bedroom|HasProperty|easily movable
plate|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
street|suburbs|IsA|state
seattle|arctic|IsA|type of land
heaven|australia|UsedFor|food
bar|woods|HasA|usually have people inside
restaurant|apartment|IsA|furniture
texas|wilderness|IsA|place
airplane|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
gate|maze|HasA|airplanes
restaurant|trees|IsA|nation
trash|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
ocean|river|IsA|small body of water
war|carnival|CapableOf|be heard
corner|lamp|IsA|building
discovery|butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
library|table|UsedFor|housing
library|corner|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
store|apartment|CapableOf|be opened/closed
street|theater|UsedFor|living
mouth|speaker|UsedFor|announcing something
corporation|control|HasA|movie
air|balloon|UsedFor|driving
classroom|conference|UsedFor|living inside of
countryside|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
store|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
film|drawer|IsA|something found in a household
countryside|prison|IsA|place
cut|performing|CapableOf|fly
building|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
subdivision|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
classroom|office|IsA|ceremony
cat|sleep|IsA|store items
house|shelf|HasProperty|removable
newspaper|color|HasProperty|related to studying
street|desert|MadeOf|sand
refrigerators|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
china|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
city|wilderness|CapableOf|be walked on
suicide|learning|IsA|emotion
food|table|UsedFor|storage
party|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
bedroom|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
celebrating|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
pot|groceries|MadeOf|metal
apartment|garage|IsA|looks like house
countryside|garden|UsedFor|children to play
entertaining|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
manual|classroom|CapableOf|be used virtually 
street|roof|PartOf|nature
buildings|cinema|UsedFor| gathering together
shock|controversy|IsA|emotion
windowsill|desktop|IsA|place
pocket|backpack|IsA|building
game|movie|AtLocation|in a building
drawer|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
table|desktop|UsedFor|storage
yard|suburb|IsA|state
trash|bowl|IsA|building
toilet|jar|UsedFor|link between places
trees|marmoset|AtLocation|below
school|countryside|CapableOf|be currently visited
dentist|floor|CapableOf|store
basement|church|AtLocation|within a building's structure
cabinet|garage|IsA|place to store items
office|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
city|suburbs|IsA|place where you can live
montana|church|IsA|mental place
meeting|class|IsA|place to study
ceiling|room|UsedFor|work
hunger|problems|MadeOf|wood
furniture|garage|IsA|place
closet|universe|PartOf|wood
couch|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
car|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
airport|office|CapableOf|have a street address
desires|dreams|IsA|physical object
park|arguments|MadeOf|golden
computer|corner|HasA|wheels
yard|ground|IsA|animal
tears|enjoyment|IsA|activity
street|roadway|HasA|sidewalks
motel|bedroom|IsA|study room
television|telephone|AtLocation|on/in the human body
lightning|butterflies|HasA|physical appearance
subdivision|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
trouble|television|IsA|place
university|idaho|HasProperty|something you can touch
human|battle|PartOf|man body
pantry|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
suburb|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
air|desert|IsA|animal
carnival|montana|IsA|place or location
human|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
drawer|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
tears|field|HasA|punish
montana|theater|IsA|place you buy food
school|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
library|classroom|IsA|building
concert|security|IsA|object that can be held
backpack|teacher|UsedFor|writing
birds|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
office|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
water|glass|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
chair|desk|IsA|n item of furniture
stadium|toilet|IsA|place you could sleep in
subdivision|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
mouse|cupboard|AtLocation|inside a house
air|countryside|HasProperty|man made
cellar|disneyland|HasProperty|found below ground level
desert|montana|IsA|country
florida|street|CapableOf|keeping cash
city|woods|IsA|place
office|demonstration|UsedFor|student
weather|arctic|IsA|popular attraction
butterflies|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
money|action|UsedFor|living
wall|museum|IsA|place to store items
cage|heaven|AtLocation|in home
bicycle|car|PartOf|house
city|forest|IsA|place
silverware|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
house|school|UsedFor|studying in
closet|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
school|morgue|HasA|exterior walls
bathroom|court|IsA|in a home
crying|nightmares|IsA|emotion
freeway|florida|IsA|place
trash|store|UsedFor|storing physical things
carpet|house|HasA|animal
birds|human|PartOf|house 
depression|shock|IsA|positive thing
china|countryside|HasA|buildings in it
cabinet|apartment|IsA|furniture 
food|cut|IsA|colorful
garage|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
garden|building|IsA|place people work and live
river|glass|UsedFor|transportation
boredom|joy|MadeOf|golden
kitchen|bowl|IsA|furniture
school|house|UsedFor|student
atlas|book|UsedFor|reading
apartment|museum|UsedFor|storing things inside
bowl|porch|CapableOf|storing food
city|village|AtLocation|on a map
television|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
cupboard|supermarket|HasA|door
ceiling|floor|UsedFor|building the structure of house
office|dance|IsA|type of room
supermarket|bathroom|CapableOf| be moved
theater|earth|UsedFor|learning
pocket|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
table|manual|CapableOf|be held with one hand
school|doctor|MadeOf|by man
demonstration|mouth|UsedFor|announcing something
cupboard|cabinet|CapableOf|be eaten
garage|trouble|PartOf|house
garage|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
countryside|moon|IsA|animal or book
bathroom|gymnasium|HasA|roof
person|animals|HasA|exterior walls
village|city|AtLocation|in your company
bathtub|apartment|UsedFor|reading
candy|jar|IsA|public building
dust|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
tree|plants|IsA|location
newspaper|television|HasProperty|related to studying
building|factory|CapableOf|have people living there
garden|pantry|IsA|location
key|money|UsedFor|living
attic|toronto|PartOf|house
tree|air|UsedFor|throwing
party|air|UsedFor|driving
chair|television|IsA|place
hospital|hotel|CapableOf|have a street address
apartment|computer|AtLocation|in a building
families|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
restaurant|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
computer|apartment|UsedFor|storing things inside
cupboard|toilet|IsA|place to make food
road|building|IsA|music related event
burger|pizza|IsA|type of food
concert|demonstration|HasProperty|a type of property
television|university|IsA|physical tangible object
dance|theater|IsA|room in a house
furniture|theater|IsA|ceremony
computer|apartment|UsedFor|packing things inside
accomplishment|competing|IsA|positive card
doctor|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
porch|garage|HasProperty|found in the garden
roadway|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
kitchen|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
groceries|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
storage|attic|UsedFor|generating products or plants
club|movie|HasA|person stood at the front
kitchen|table|AtLocation|in  a residence
safe|television|PartOf|the human body
magazine|dentist|CapableOf|store
park|church|IsA|country
closet|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
park|garden|CapableOf|be part of a house
storage|michigan|UsedFor|generating products or plants
pot|bottle|IsA|type of business
countryside|street|IsA|stone
hallway|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
refrigerator|cabinet|CapableOf|contain multiple people
pantry|den|CapableOf|be moved around
garbage|trouble|IsA|place
exercising|movement|AtLocation|on the body
paper|container|UsedFor|carrying things
woods|valley|MadeOf|trees
forest|desert|HasProperty|associated with the environment
rosebush|california|MadeOf|fiber
table|utensils|MadeOf|wood
town|valley|IsA|part of a municipality
chair|floor|AtLocation|in home
classroom|apartment|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
airport|cave|HasA|beds
city|sun|HasA|movie
home|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
church|classroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
nature|creek|MadeOf|trees
louisiana|arkansas|IsA|us state
clouds|balloon|UsedFor|driving
movies|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
injury|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
house|hospital|HasA|airplanes
inspiration|love|IsA|n emotion
movie|university|AtLocation|in a building
jar|container|HasA|empty space in it
building|hotel|IsA|place to live
cabinet|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
house|school|HasProperty|material
field|bearing|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
porch|cupboard|IsA|building
town|church|IsA|part of a human
sink|cabinet|AtLocation|in a kitchen
food|table|HasA|empty space in it
theater|earth|IsA|place
library|television|IsA|ground where child play
classroom|loft|AtLocation|in your room
money|street|UsedFor|living
connection|freeway|HasA|airplanes
cinema|theater|UsedFor| gathering together
like|favors|IsA|activity
opera|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
desk|montana|IsA|religious card
freeway|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
ocean|jar|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
musical|people|UsedFor|referring to humans
church|basement|AtLocation|within a building's structure
stamps|box|MadeOf|wood
meeting|inside|IsA|object
wedding|inside|HasProperty|furniture in a house
kitchen|attic|IsA|room in a building
contemplating|thinking|IsA|colorful
car|clothing|UsedFor|to keep items
pool|glass|CapableOf|be used as transport 
persia|bedroom|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
food|stove|HasProperty|used for meals
window|pantry|IsA|furniture 
table|shelf|UsedFor|keeping things inside
happiness|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
problems|sorrow|IsA|negative thing
utensils|clothing|IsA|made of wood
love|gate|IsA|business
bar|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
temple|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
thinking|field|HasProperty|a meal
action|purse|HasA|function
roof|store|IsA|part of a house
stretch|motion|HasProperty|tiring
wedding|conference|UsedFor|putting on a show
montana|people|IsA|part of a human
roof|ground|IsA|building
farm|city|UsedFor|over night stays 
building|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
apartment|classroom|UsedFor|urination
jar|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
subdivision|montana|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
hotel|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
theater|synagogue|UsedFor|learning
cabinet|roof|CapableOf|be found in a house
excitement|pride|IsA|feeling
closet|attic|AtLocation|in the sky
information|magazine|UsedFor|news
workplace|school|UsedFor|punishing people
library|museum|IsA|type of building
desktop|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
floor|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
refrigerators|kitchen|HasA|empty space in it
drawer|clothing|IsA|physical item 
nature|bedroom|IsA|part of a house
playground|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
refrigerator|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
college|notebook|UsedFor|happiness
street|desert|IsA|popular attraction
cellar|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
school|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
shower|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
floor|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
nest|michigan|CapableOf|fly
floor|television|IsA|store items
restaurant|apartment|UsedFor|pooping
marmoset|fly|HasProperty|found above ground
creek|wilderness|MadeOf|trees
demonstration|conference|PartOf|body
dishwasher|cupboard|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
nature|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
knowledge|instruction|IsA|positive thing
office|bedroom|IsA|place
school|restaurant|AtLocation|on the map
party|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
fly|marmoset|IsA|place
ground|street|PartOf|nature
crying|shock|PartOf|mental disorder
sleep|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
restaurant|park|IsA|event
beer|closet|IsA|type of business
dust|windowsill|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
listening|empathy|IsA|something considered as positive
farm|entertainment|UsedFor|over night stays 
street|snow|IsA|brand
atlas|backpack|IsA|building
inspiration|dream|MadeOf|wood
house|bathroom|HasProperty|used for storing cars
chair|trunk|CapableOf|move people
connection|gate|IsA|business
pain|problems|HasProperty|typically positive
anxiety|reflection|CapableOf|fly
woods|television|UsedFor|storing things inside
bowl|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
refrigerator|pantry|IsA|type of business
bag|trunk|IsA|structure or building
desk|backpack|UsedFor|eating
moon|house|CapableOf|can you drink it
car|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
pan|kitchen|CapableOf|cook
bar|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
city|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
drawer|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
house|drawer|MadeOf|food
oklahoma|fox|IsA|us state
bar|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
outdoors|pond|AtLocation|outside
remembering|crying|MadeOf|wood
car|bicycle|AtLocation|within a building's structure
roof|street|IsA|natural or man made
drawer|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
house|universe|IsA|place or location to visit
bar|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
playground|park|IsA|country
sky|airport|CapableOf|rain
battle|concert|UsedFor|to get a degree
backyard|nature|IsA|part of a house
town|suburbs|HasProperty|a country
floor|paperwork|HasProperty|a type of building
seattle|air|IsA|brand
cellar|apartment|CapableOf| be moved
suburbs|city|IsA|man-made thing
floor|shelf|HasProperty|removable
thinking|contemplating|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
sink|cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
store|box|CapableOf|fly
closet|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
forest|trees|IsA|nation
happiness|inspiration|IsA|n emotion
sink|stomach|HasA|edible items for sale
picture|outside|MadeOf|plastic
trash|stuff|IsA|furniture
garden|church|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
pantry|kitchens|IsA|piece of furniture
ocean|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
bedroom|library|HasProperty|able to be entered
bed|carpet|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
movie|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
opera|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
punishment|suffering|CapableOf|make you sad
kitchen|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
kitchen|bedroom|AtLocation|in a building
jar|universe|PartOf|wood
utensils|clothing|IsA|1 syllable word
communication|happiness|IsA|verb
market|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
oven|kitchen|MadeOf|metal
shelf|backpack|HasA|doors
knowledge|sleep|MadeOf|wood
garage|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
death|fight|IsA|positive card
pride|pleasure|IsA|feeling 
oven|stove|CapableOf|cook things
table|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
dictionary|books|UsedFor|viewing/reading
town|playground|IsA|country
class|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
bicycle|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
hotel|bathroom|HasProperty|a place where people sing
circus|montana|IsA|religious card
action|pride|CapableOf|fly
cup|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
bed|dishwasher|UsedFor|indoor activities
floor|table|UsedFor|cooling
auditorium|room|IsA|building
human|concert|UsedFor|to get a degree
computer|demonstration|IsA|pencil
trouble|nature|IsA|part of a house
montana|washington|PartOf|america
table|cupboard|CapableOf|be eaten
floor|store|MadeOf|food
groceries|cabinet|AtLocation|in a kitchen
box|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
food|discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
pantry|books|IsA|furniture
suburb|suburbs|HasProperty|a country
shop|desk|IsA|study room
room|apartment|IsA|private space
glass|apartment|IsA|furniture 
encyclopedia|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
clothes|car|HasProperty|an object
store|market|CapableOf| be moved
dancing|fulfillment|IsA|something considered as positive
synagogue|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
safe|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
yard|town|UsedFor|transportation
cabinet|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
bed|home|CapableOf|store
hospital|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
safe|information|IsA|part media
nostalgia|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
battle|band|IsA|nation symbol
map|pocket|UsedFor|reading
school|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
apartment|garage|CapableOf|hold people against their will
driveway|house|HasA|buildings in it
knowledge|library|HasProperty|a meal
desk|shop|IsA|n electronic device
town|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
park|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
teacher|jar|IsA|school supply
attic|dust|AtLocation|indoors
garage|house|UsedFor|car travel
school|synagogue|HasA|exterior walls
vaccines|nightmares|AtLocation|usually in a bed
radio|ground|IsA|place in a house
coats|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
forest|sky|HasProperty|man-made
hallway|ceiling|IsA|car
library|book|UsedFor|studying
corner|office|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
party|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
body|apartment|IsA|place
confession|heaven|IsA|religious card
hunger|problems|IsA|negative feeling
greenhouse|porch|CapableOf|storing food
punishment|tears|UsedFor|punish
trouble|garage|HasProperty|an animal
backyard|room|UsedFor|standing on
city|china|CapableOf|be parked on
body|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
bearing|street|UsedFor|playing
restaurant|bathroom|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
cellar|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
restaurant|homes|UsedFor|free
dinner|refrigerator|IsA|product that people buy
closet|clothes|MadeOf|food
ocean|valley|HasA|3 letters
cave|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
closet|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
school|table|UsedFor|student
house|plants|HasA|head
outdoors|pond|IsA|country
yard|street|IsA|part of nature
restaurant|store|IsA|food
wilderness|countryside|IsA|1 syllable word
bedroom|apartment|HasProperty|a public place
office|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
cupboard|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
forest|wilderness|IsA|man-made thing
closet|cellar|UsedFor|storage
bathroom|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
jar|universe|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
apartment|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
restaurant|park|IsA|part of the body
box|answer|HasA|to do with planets
kitchen|condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
town|pond|IsA|nature-related
water|jar|HasProperty|a building
restaurant|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
bedroom|table|IsA|place to store items
opera|bedroom|UsedFor|work
television|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
kitchen|food|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
library|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
suffering|pain|IsA|negative feeling
backpack|table|UsedFor|storage
city|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
wires|desktop|HasProperty|a property 
contemplating|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
furniture|junk|IsA|place
wall|corner|IsA|place to store items
field|information|IsA|part media
embarrassment|problems|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
lightning|cut|IsA|animal
lamp|basement|UsedFor|work
container|can|IsA|type of business
internet|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
basement|room|IsA|building
windowsill|store|CapableOf|fly
roadway|house|MadeOf|sand
forest|rain|IsA|type of place
beer|bottle|HasA|plug or power source
garden|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
controversy|nightmares|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
knowing|dream|MadeOf|wood
stamps|table|IsA|piece of furniture
city|concert|CapableOf|have people physically in it
montana|city|IsA|country
human|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
theater|body|IsA|part of a human
house|inside|IsA|object
computer|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
creek|forest|MadeOf|trees
love|building|HasA|airplanes
ceiling|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
class|university|AtLocation|in a building
building|school|UsedFor|a holiday
love|favors|IsA|physical emotion
program|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
marmoset|france|HasA|car
city|state|IsA|business that serves food
fear|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
problems|trauma|IsA|negative thing
park|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
contemplating|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
hotel|town|HasProperty|a workplace
train|entertainment|UsedFor|over night stays 
cabinet|drawer|IsA|something found in a household
pool|river|UsedFor|eating or drinking
microwave|work|HasA|use electricity
money|sorrow|IsA|negative thing
dishwasher|pantry|IsA|furniture
hospital|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
motel|ocean|IsA|building
party|room|IsA|building
entertaining|learning|IsA|something considered as positive
street|sky|AtLocation|at a home
park|joy|PartOf|city
band|aircraft|IsA|country
jar|change|HasA|function
bed|box|AtLocation|inside a house
university|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
desk|cabinet|CapableOf|contain multiple people
greenhouse|restaurant|IsA|building
chair|trouble|PartOf|house
garden|park|HasA|properties of any kind
house|apartment|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
instruction|dream|IsA|emotion
carrots|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
desktop|university|IsA|furniture
money|bubblegum|CapableOf|be held in your hands
oven|sink|UsedFor|washing or cooking
meeting|notes|UsedFor|happiness
chair|porch|UsedFor|work
lightning|action|CapableOf|fly
song|television|AtLocation|on/in the human body
money|crying|IsA|negative thing
television|head|PartOf|the human body
nails|teacher|IsA|school supply
window|funeral|MadeOf|wood
desktop|corner|AtLocation|indoors
doctor|battle|UsedFor|recreation activity
desk|chair|AtLocation|above the ground
pantry|refrigerator|HasProperty|used for meals
den|supermarket|HasA|door
building|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
ranch|antarctica|MadeOf|country
countryside|bathroom|IsA|living thing
backpack|table|HasA|doors
animals|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
driveway|suburb|IsA|state
suffering|embarrassment|IsA|negative feeling
dentist|airport|UsedFor|cooling
television|carpet|HasProperty|used for storage
lamp|television|CapableOf|plug into the wall
trauma|shock|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
woods|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
pocket|briefcase|UsedFor|storage
money|store|UsedFor|living
rug|floor|IsA|informal term for youth
hotel|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
death|fight|HasA|physical element
air|house|PartOf|food and drink
weather|rain|IsA|brand
wilderness|fish|HasProperty|human made
chair|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
utensils|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
sink|garage|CapableOf|be used as transport 
library|college|HasProperty|material
wilderness|hole|UsedFor|holding animals
freeway|wilderness|IsA|place
cabinet|sewer|HasProperty|found below ground level
wedding|classroom|UsedFor|putting on a show
theater|body|IsA|place
dictionary|marmoset|HasProperty|found above ground
stadium|restaurant|MadeOf|bricks
computer|desktop|IsA|building
controversy|embarrassment|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
lawn|library|IsA|visible object
groceries|bathroom|CapableOf|be moved around
apartment|garage|IsA|room
garage|puddle|UsedFor|eating or drinking
demonstration|garage|CapableOf|make a sound
kitchens|market|HasProperty|for buying things
garbage|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
tent|synagogue|IsA|event
cabinet|pantry|UsedFor|storage
shower|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
dishwasher|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
concert|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
florida|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
desk|computer|AtLocation|inside someone's home
exhaustion|arguments|CapableOf|be physically touched
reflection|fear|IsA|emotion
supermarket|tent|IsA|part of a human
house|moon|CapableOf|store small items
ceiling|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
garage|chair|PartOf|house
windowsill|carpet|IsA|place you can go
windowsill|greenhouse|CapableOf|laugh
jar|cup|IsA|  place
glass|pantry|IsA|furniture 
computer|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
shelf|cabinet|CapableOf|be opened
junk|nature|IsA|place
closet|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
stadium|restaurant|IsA|place you could sleep in
refrigerator|jail|CapableOf|be entered
bar|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
refrigerator|can|MadeOf|metal
connection|bathroom|HasA|airplanes
plate|food|HasA|store edible items
cellar|closet|CapableOf|be used for storage
shelf|ground|IsA|type of shop
clothing|bed|UsedFor|reading
antarctica|desktop|IsA|place to store items
cupboard|desk|UsedFor|storage
reflection|food|CapableOf|cause pain
closet|dust|HasProperty|an object
house|shelf|IsA|1 syllable word
ontario|kentucky|PartOf|political geographical area
purse|money|HasProperty|to do with currency
furniture|attic|PartOf|house
ocean|confession|UsedFor|praying
dishwasher|sink|HasProperty|furniture
people|opera|IsA|place
box|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
house|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
container|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
toilet|ocean|HasA|pipe system attached
nebraska|suburb|IsA|building
nails|store|IsA|place where students learn
nightmares|shock|IsA|positive thing
front|ballpark|HasA|to do with planets
school|library|UsedFor|education
pride|joy|IsA|feeling
headache|revelations|UsedFor|seeking an answer
hospital|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
attic|cellar|IsA|room in a home
butterflies|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
enemies|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
mouth|box|CapableOf|be eaten
dirt|region|MadeOf|water
death|battle|IsA|positive card
manual|internet|MadeOf|meet
house|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
drawer|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cellar|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
safe|color|IsA|place to study
groceries|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
chairs|conference|IsA|type of room
money|controversy|IsA|negative thing
church|bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
love|favors|IsA|verb
classroom|books|CapableOf|be used virtually 
store|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
suburb|street|AtLocation|inside a house
case|microwave|IsA|something found in a household
skyscraper|valley|AtLocation|indoors
bridge|house|CapableOf|can you drink it
satisfaction|relaxation|IsA|verb
nest|ocean|CapableOf|fly
television|garbage|IsA|place
pantry|cupboard|CapableOf|be moved around
house|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
floor|apartment|IsA|furniture
lightning|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
beaver|store|IsA|country
house|meeting|UsedFor|happiness
airport|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
egypt|montana|IsA|country
montana|imagination|IsA|religious card
funeral|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
windowsill|attic|AtLocation|on the floor
coffee|plate|IsA|furniture
opera|circus|HasA|ticket box usually
house|hospital|HasA|exterior walls
clothes|dust|MadeOf|food
pantry|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
ocean|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
restaurant|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
entertaining|dancing|IsA|activity
stove|condiments|HasProperty|used for meals
speaker|house|MadeOf|wood
supermarket|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
desktop|beach|HasProperty|hot
town|church|IsA|place you buy food
reflection|butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
trash|refrigerator|HasProperty|found in the garden
box|dinner|CapableOf|be held in your hands
library|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
floor|chair|HasProperty|a household item
restaurant|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
closet|box|IsA|place to pray
meeting|information|HasProperty|a meal
sun|corporation|CapableOf|place
office|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
neighborhood|newspaper|IsA|state
airport|sky|CapableOf|rain
commercial|sunshine|CapableOf|be currently visited
bar|wires|HasProperty|a property 
smiles|favors|IsA|verb
desktop|telephone|IsA|study room
oklahoma|tennessee|HasA|start with a
action|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bed|airport|AtLocation|mostly inside
apartment|drawer|IsA|dish
apartment|theater|IsA|commercial browser
stupid|fun|IsA|emotion
opera|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
pantry|cupboard|HasA|ceiling
pocket|jar|CapableOf|be held in your hands
dishwasher|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
gentleman|club|UsedFor|learning
mansion|opera|HasProperty|alive
contemplating|food|IsA|colorful
pantry|bathroom|HasA|roof
stamps|film|IsA|piece of furniture
entertaining|excitement|IsA|verb
fish|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
sorrow|remembering|PartOf|mental disorder
desk|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
detroit|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
colorado|arkansas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
puddle|water|UsedFor|transportation
earth|tent|IsA|place
bedroom|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
soup|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
information|telegram|IsA|something kept a home
toilet|library|MadeOf|bricks
action|pride|IsA|emotion
maine|canada|AtLocation|on a map
table|outside|IsA|place to store items
hotel|auditorium|HasA|usually have people inside
vase|table|IsA|something kept at home
ocean|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
hairbrush|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
garage|storage|UsedFor|storing stuffs
concert|carnival|HasA|ticket box usually
potatoes|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
church|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
change|store|UsedFor|living
bedroom|apartment|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
condiments|onions|IsA|location or room
airport|hotel|IsA|item of clothing
container|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
light|desk|HasProperty|found in the house
casino|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
container|classroom|IsA|school supply
cabinet|jar|IsA|piece of furniture
supermarket|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
office|museum|UsedFor|reading
families|park|CapableOf|be eaten
lake|sky|IsA|1 syllable word
garden|store|UsedFor|storage
town|convention|UsedFor|buying food
church|monastery|IsA|mental place
injury|discovery|IsA|colorful
moon|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
backyard|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
woods|city|IsA|place
love|smiles|HasProperty|an emotion
street|computer|HasA|wheels
sink|medium|UsedFor|eating or drinking
opera|theater|UsedFor|putting on a show
sewer|store|IsA|private space
furniture|drawer|AtLocation|in home
water|room|HasProperty|white
house|jail|CapableOf|hold people against their will
medium|fly|UsedFor|transportation
television|corner|AtLocation|inside someone's home
world|country|IsA|specific place
box|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
safe|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
cinema|bathroom|IsA|location
president|corporation|CapableOf|place
attic|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
trash|cabinet|IsA|building
field|glass|HasProperty|edible
coats|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
table|shelf|IsA|furniture 
bedroom|bar|IsA|room in a property
glasses|poet|IsA|object that can be held
plate|cup|HasProperty|used for meals
bottle|can|HasProperty|a beverage
countryside|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
box|stamps|CapableOf|be held in your hands
theater|boat|MadeOf|wood
home|newspaper|CapableOf|store
floor|jail|CapableOf|store
park|backyard|IsA|outdoor location
refrigerator|pizza|IsA|location or room
trauma|pain|IsA|negative feeling
encyclopedia|university|HasProperty|related to studying
suburbs|california|CapableOf|be read
swimming|tree|IsA|animal
stomach|bedroom|HasProperty|edible
antarctica|museum|UsedFor|storage
classroom|opera|HasProperty|a gathering place
street|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
conference|classroom|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
manual|books|MadeOf|meet
table|desktop|AtLocation|library
airport|magazines|CapableOf|store
ground|dust|CapableOf|make sounds
russia|hole|MadeOf|paper
lights|barn|IsA|music related event
table|school|UsedFor|student
like|tears|IsA|emotion
inside|wood|HasProperty|furniture in a house
pantry|window|IsA|object
backyard|park|IsA|country
woods|countryside|IsA|place
landfill|bearing|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
workplace|park|IsA|person
television|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
city|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
desk|telephone|IsA|study room
swimming|desert|IsA|animal
windowsill|beach|HasProperty|hot
suburb|street|HasProperty|a location
door|windowsill|UsedFor|storage
kitchen|stove|HasProperty|used for meals
drawer|cupboard|MadeOf|plastic
market|store|IsA|place
school|demonstration|IsA|another word for show
pot|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
pocket|classroom|UsedFor|viewing/reading
accomplishment|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
favors|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
town|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
cupboard|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
pond|playground|CapableOf|be man made
porch|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
house|container|IsA|room in a building
supermarket|montana|UsedFor|camping
shelf|table|UsedFor|storing items
newspaper|suburbs|IsA|state
floor|chairs|UsedFor|furnishing a house
house|opera|UsedFor|work
airport|chair|UsedFor|cooking
pool|garage|IsA|physical item 
pantry|supermarket|HasA|ceiling
trees|wilderness|HasA|car
ground|dust|IsA|place in a house
container|pot|UsedFor|drinking 
paperwork|kitchen|HasProperty|a type of building
change|action|IsA|place you can visit
bicycle|basement|IsA|place to pray
home|ficus|IsA|place where people live
potatoes|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
porch|refrigerator|HasProperty|found in the garden
museum|outside|IsA|place to store items
people|chair|UsedFor|praying
theater|florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
building|backyard|CapableOf|be man made
car|clothes|IsA|made of wood
park|backyard|IsA|nation
cupboard|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
box|bathroom|IsA|living thing
cabinet|apartment|IsA|dish
cage|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
furniture|bed|HasProperty|a household item
sink|bridge|HasProperty|a building
sadness|nostalgia|IsA|emotion
canada|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
restaurant|drawer|IsA|dish
woods|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
alcohol|bread|UsedFor|eating or drinking
library|telegram|IsA|something kept a home
sink|stomach|HasProperty|made of wood
soup|jar|IsA|location
conference|office|IsA|n item of furniture
yard|countryside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
house|water|HasProperty|white
bus|yard|IsA|country or state
restaurant|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
park|homes|UsedFor|education
windowsill|vase|UsedFor|holding things
box|car|UsedFor|storage
action|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
punch|punishment|UsedFor|punish
sea|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
earth|montana|IsA|part of a human
apartment|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
bowl|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
pond|restaurant|IsA|country
drawer|table|HasProperty|furniture
house|television|HasProperty|a room
disneyland|beach|HasA|sand 
battle|doctor|IsA|country
museum|cabinet|UsedFor|storing things inside
boat|furniture|MadeOf|wood
michigan|church|IsA|country
school|workplace|UsedFor|free
windowsill|ocean|CapableOf|fly
ocean|sea|HasA|salty water
utensils|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cellar|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
conference|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
control|country|CapableOf|place
park|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
television|information|MadeOf|people gathering together
classroom|museum|AtLocation|in a building
shoes|box|UsedFor|indoor activities
joy|regret|IsA|action
attic|loft|IsA|structure or building
carpet|boat|IsA|place or location
effort|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
party|house|UsedFor|driving
sink|house|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
condiments|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
dishwasher|books|IsA|furniture 
television|head|IsA|place for students
backpack|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
library|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
body|earth|IsA|house where man live
office|computer|IsA|n electronic device
texas|colorado|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
floor|junk|HasProperty|a household item
america|africa|PartOf|the continent 
trouble|city|HasProperty|powerful
table|store|IsA|1 syllable word
jail|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
windowsill|garden|HasProperty|found in a home
greenhouse|ground|PartOf|body
closet|fun|IsA|mode of transportation
box|desk|MadeOf|wood
birds|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
electricity|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
microwave|dishwasher|IsA|form of entertainment
jail|doctor|IsA|country
woods|apartment|HasProperty|a room
basement|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
food|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
suit|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
office|exchange|IsA|room in a house
bathroom|school|UsedFor|living in
house|yard|UsedFor|transportation
field|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
cat|trouble|PartOf|house
toilet|library|HasA|pool
street|suburb|IsA|state
beach|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
closet|office|UsedFor|reading books
town|mexico|IsA|country
mountain|countryside|IsA|living thing
tent|skin|IsA|house where man live
wall|airport|IsA|business
computer|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
skin|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
jar|backpack|UsedFor|writing
house|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
beaver|prison|CapableOf|be read
bathroom|hallway|HasProperty|a room
house|city|IsA|place where you can live
fire|airplane|CapableOf|move location
fly|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
refrigerators|plate|AtLocation|in a house
office|classroom|IsA|building
shed|university|PartOf|house
opera|apartment|HasProperty|part of a human
cupboard|cabinet|IsA|furniture
sea|desert|IsA|vacation destination
bedroom|trunk|CapableOf|move people
key|purse|IsA|thing you have on person
cat|rug|IsA|part of a house
passageway|house|IsA|business
suburbs|house|HasProperty|a location
thinking|library|IsA|part media
encyclopedia|dictionary|IsA|place
park|carnival|IsA|place or location
outside|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
shelf|refrigerator|AtLocation|indoors
air|refrigerator|IsA|product that people buy
museum|kitchen|UsedFor|urination
nostalgia|crying|HasProperty|linked to food
train|countryside|HasA|outdoor scenery
nest|bathroom|IsA|place where you can stand
building|office|HasProperty|found in a house
air|party|PartOf|food and drink
puddle|pool|UsedFor|eating or drinking
michigan|ocean|CapableOf|fly
party|dinner|IsA|product that people buy
bar|museum|HasProperty|a room
mess|apartment|AtLocation|with water
plate|refrigerator|HasProperty|used for meals
floor|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
cupboard|basement|CapableOf|be moved around
park|playground|UsedFor|swimming
store|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
trauma|controversy|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
clothing|drawer|IsA|wooden object 
dishwasher|movie|UsedFor|storage
wedding|supermarket|UsedFor|learning
car|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
refrigerator|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
museum|synagogue|HasA|walls
conference|container|IsA|place where students learn
wall|shelf|CapableOf|be found in a house
dust|backpack|MadeOf|food
house|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
people|auditorium|IsA|religious card
sweat|death|IsA|feeling
mountains|fox|IsA|country
sun|government|CapableOf|place
bathtub|kitchen|HasProperty|found in a house
television|closet|HasProperty|found inside a house
airport|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
furniture|trouble|IsA|store items
lamp|office|IsA|study room
lightning|injury|CapableOf|cause pain
outdoors|backyard|IsA|outdoor area
drinking|like|IsA|verb
head|safe|IsA|part media
boat|theater|IsA|ceremony
tears|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
warehouse|garden|CapableOf|work
restaurant|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
sink|books|IsA|object
remembering|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
drawer|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
suburb|street|HasA|buildings in it
street|driveway|CapableOf|be parked on
laughter|favors|IsA|verb
dinner|bread|IsA|public place
attic|garage|AtLocation|in united states
television|corner|IsA|place in a house
bedroom|state|IsA|business that serves food
ocean|lamp|UsedFor|a holiday
street|ceiling|UsedFor|work
sahara|forest|IsA|geographic location
telephone|office|HasProperty|a property 
hunger|crying|IsA|negative feeling
crying|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
cup|table|IsA|location or room
effort|competing|IsA|positive card
bedroom|cupboard|CapableOf|be found in a house
sky|air|HasProperty|man made
library|classroom|IsA|book
cellar|store|CapableOf| be moved
book|internet|CapableOf|be held in your hand
apartment|synagogue|IsA|place
sun|country|IsA|place
container|bag|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
ocean|house|CapableOf|can you drink it
embarrassment|pain|IsA|negative feeling
toronto|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
reflection|cut|IsA|emotion
speaker|shelf|IsA|inanimate object
human|factory|PartOf|man body
restaurant|kitchen|HasA|usually have people inside
office|hospital|CapableOf|have a street address
instruction|pleasure|MadeOf|wood
cabinet|toilet|IsA|building
pennsylvania|switzerland|HasA|city inside
nails|cabinet|IsA|location
town|garden|UsedFor|swimming
airport|hotel|IsA|public place
box|dog|AtLocation|inside a house
countryside|city|IsA|place where you can live
floor|junk|PartOf|house
window|backpack|IsA|furniture 
market|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
valley|bay|HasProperty|human made
stress|tension|IsA|positive card
wall|ceiling|AtLocation|library
jar|container|UsedFor|writing
garage|attic|IsA|animal
playground|yard|IsA|nation
shock|remembering|IsA|emotion
house|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
synagogue|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
telephone|office|AtLocation|inside someone's home
wall|book|AtLocation|library
california|arboretum|HasProperty|where someone can live
restaurant|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
restaurant|countryside|IsA|nature-related
university|classroom|UsedFor|reading and studying
orbit|jar|PartOf|wood
house|toilet|CapableOf|store small items
refrigerators|kitchen|HasA|store edible items
apartment|town|HasProperty|an event
bridge|water|PartOf|kitchen
dance|opera|PartOf|building
jar|conference|UsedFor|writing
people|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
colorado|mexico|AtLocation|labeled on a map
refrigerators|table|HasProperty|used for meals
carrots|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
street|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
city|town|HasA|buildings in it
controversy|inspiration|IsA|emotion
town|outdoors|HasA|walls
fun|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
beaver|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
bowl|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
meeting|university|HasProperty|a meal
workplace|homes|UsedFor|free
bridge|highway|CapableOf|be drived on with car
church|garden|IsA|object that can be held
dentist|home|UsedFor|cooling
desktop|paper|CapableOf|be worn
alabama|california|IsA|us state
desktop|refrigerator|CapableOf|contain multiple people
mouth|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
garbage|snore|IsA|store items
television|cat|IsA|store items
bed|newspaper|CapableOf|store
street|roof|AtLocation|at floor level
stamps|plate|IsA|1 syllable word
loft|roof|IsA|specific part of a structure
pain|communication|IsA|negative feeling
school|palace|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
marmoset|mountains|MadeOf|metal
chocolate|television|IsA|event
attic|chair|PartOf|house
field|trees|IsA|man made thing
pennsylvania|switzerland|MadeOf|plastic
market|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
garden|computer|UsedFor|worship
nebraska|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
church|casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
roof|garage|IsA|place to store items
embarrassment|pain|IsA|emotion
theater|crowd|UsedFor|music
monastery|heaven|IsA|place of religion
desktop|shelf|IsA|place to store items
instruction|problems|IsA|emotion
church|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
university|book|IsA|part media
weather|forest|IsA|type of place
refrigerator|cheese|IsA|location or room
pot|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
pantry|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
plate|kitchen|HasA|empty space in it
furniture|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
house|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
canada|books|IsA|american state
bottle|pantry|MadeOf|wood
case|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
discovery|performing|CapableOf|cause pain
windowsill|ground|AtLocation|in the sky
cabinet|drawer|IsA|something you eat off
garage|cabinet|CapableOf|be found in a house
asia|pennsylvania|MadeOf|rocks
headache|understanding|UsedFor|seeking an answer
refrigerator|bowl|IsA|place to make food
garden|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
trunk|box|IsA|room in a home
town|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
nebraska|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
house|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
sea|bay|IsA|somewhere animals swim
air|tree|IsA|location
trunk|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
table|office|IsA|place of formal education
desk|trash|UsedFor|eating
mess|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
shed|basement|IsA|structure or building
dentist|jail|UsedFor|cooling
fulfillment|enjoyment|IsA|emotion
freeway|city|CapableOf|be read
country|world|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
theater|town|UsedFor|buying food
cellar|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
classroom|buildings|UsedFor|putting on a show
building|park|IsA|place people work and live
books|manual|UsedFor|reading
working|confusion|IsA|negative emotion
thinking|food|CapableOf|tell stories
condiments|refrigerators|HasProperty|used for meals
answer|front|HasProperty|related to children
kitchen|house|IsA|room
apartment|auditorium|IsA|building
bar|restaurant|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
apartment|teapot|UsedFor|storing food
michigan|town|IsA|business that serves food
valley|cage|MadeOf|trees
shelf|desktop|HasProperty|edible
airport|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
toilet|restaurant|UsedFor|storing things inside
favors|laughter|IsA|verb
house|greenhouse|PartOf|body
furniture|window|IsA|ceremony
plants|vase|IsA|place
bedroom|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
dishwasher|bowl|AtLocation|inside a house
garage|factory|AtLocation|in united states
backpack|coffee|IsA|furniture
china|street|HasProperty|a location
school|house|HasA|pool
seattle|desert|AtLocation|at america
greenhouse|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
clock|house|IsA|inanimate object
learning|listening|MadeOf|the human body
stamps|backpack|CapableOf|be held in your hands
trash|garage|HasProperty|found in the garden
floor|shelf|IsA|furniture 
bathroom|mountain|CapableOf|fly
grape|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
snow|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
house|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
people|supermarket|IsA|place
attic|basement|IsA|room (type)
cabinet|food|IsA|location
entertaining|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
drawer|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
information|internet|IsA|thing you can touch
container|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
stamps|table|MadeOf|wood
building|hospital|HasA|front desk
books|desktop|UsedFor|viewing/reading
fun|water|UsedFor|storage
telephone|shop|IsA|ground where child play
florida|pocket|UsedFor|living
reflection|contemplating|IsA|colorful
families|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
action|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
injury|contemplating|IsA|colorful
shock|money|IsA|positive thing
beach|roof|IsA|living thing
purse|jar|HasA|function
sweat|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
table|anthology|IsA|something kept at home
bedroom|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
market|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
forest|playground|IsA|place people work and live
color|meeting|UsedFor|studying
nails|cabinet|IsA|place people can visit
table|cabinet|HasA|doors
ground|corner|HasA|feet to stand 
classroom|kitchen|HasProperty|a room
florida|texas|IsA|part of the south
street|suburb|IsA|part of a municipality
tent|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
chair|snore|PartOf|house
sleep|toronto|AtLocation|in home
inspiration|sleep|MadeOf|wood
shelf|floor|MadeOf|food
carpet|chairs|IsA|type of room
home|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
barnyard|switzerland|MadeOf|country
garbage|attic|HasA|opening or door
apartment|window|MadeOf|wood
closet|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
buildings|apartment|UsedFor|living inside of
floor|wood|IsA|place or location
disneyland|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
garage|room|IsA|place
valley|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
hallway|bedroom|UsedFor|urination
anger|field|HasA|punish
apartment|wall|UsedFor|reading
ball|trash|UsedFor|farmers 
snore|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
street|fun|PartOf|house
skyscraper|bed|UsedFor|travel
universe|hope|HasProperty|found in the house
porch|disneyland|IsA|place to make food
spoon|restaurant|IsA|type of room
wedding|tent|IsA|house where man live
sleep|junk|HasProperty|a household item
hospital|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
street|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
dinner|car|IsA|made of wood
dentist|doctor|IsA|physical item 
dinner|university|IsA|part media
floor|television|PartOf|house
party|desk|IsA|ground where child play
desktop|cupboard|UsedFor|washing or cooking
television|computer|IsA|physical and movable item
valley|forest|IsA|1 syllable word
pan|shop|MadeOf|metal
house|television|IsA|ground where child play
human|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
plate|container|IsA|  place
encyclopedia|university|UsedFor|learning
village|cottage|HasProperty|in a cold climate
jail|party|CapableOf|be entered
countryside|suburbs|IsA|place where you can live
excitement|regret|IsA|feeling
table|drawer|MadeOf|wood
buildings|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
disneyland|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
trouble|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
house|air|IsA|product that people buy
sahara|desert|IsA|geographic location
america|dirt|IsA|continent
trouble|junk|IsA|place
farm|town|AtLocation|on a map
city|india|CapableOf|be read
roof|building|IsA|place to sleep
suburbs|america|IsA|place
bay|river|CapableOf|be walked on
cup|condiments|HasProperty|used for meals
motel|basement|HasProperty|a place where people sing
heaven|school|UsedFor|travel
florida|action|IsA|thing you have on person
street|moon|IsA|vacation destination
funeral|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
pain|trauma|IsA|positive thing
trunk|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
town|nebraska|IsA|building
ocean|yard|AtLocation|in your company
corner|market|HasProperty|able to be entered
bar|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
greenhouse|mouse|IsA|furniture
germany|war|PartOf|building
container|jar|IsA|piece of furniture
garage|apartment|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
kitchen|desktop|MadeOf|wood
synagogue|classroom|UsedFor|reading
wall|connection|IsA|business
floor|pantry|CapableOf|be used for school
cage|mountain|IsA|living thing
disneyland|confession|HasA|ticket box usually
thinking|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
suburb|montana|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
drinking|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
money|problems|IsA|negative thing
library|desk|IsA|ground where child play
chair|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
closet|university|AtLocation|within a building's structure
carnival|concert|IsA|music related event
aquarium|pond|IsA|somewhere animals swim
wings|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
field|newspaper|IsA|physical tangible object
outside|landfill|AtLocation|inside
fear|happiness|IsA|colorful
oven|shelf|MadeOf|metal
information|lawn|IsA|visible object
church|tent|IsA|place you buy food
pool|soup|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
california|rosebush|PartOf|house
magazines|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
medium|pool|UsedFor|eating or drinking
people|desk|IsA|place of religion
backpack|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
jar|toilet|UsedFor|link between places
conference|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
conference|skin|IsA|house where man live
stamps|plate|IsA|place
money|nightmares|IsA|emotion
boxes|bag|UsedFor|storing physical things
crying|pleasure|IsA|emotion
condiments|pantry|HasProperty|used for meals
money|wallet|HasProperty|to do with currency
wall|bedroom|CapableOf|be found in a house
hole|lemur|UsedFor|cooking
opera|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
newspaper|drawer|IsA|physical item 
commercial|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
sleep|snore|IsA|store items
dishwasher|refrigerator|CapableOf|be used with a computer
forest|store|IsA|living thing
porch|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
stamps|plate|MadeOf|wood
kitchen|porch|CapableOf|move people
knowledge|field|IsA|place for students
porch|desk|UsedFor|serving food
soup|cabinet|IsA|location
town|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
house|windowsill|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
sun|drugstore|IsA|specific part of a structure
kitchen|soup|AtLocation|in a home
canada|mountain|MadeOf|plastic
excitement|celebrating|IsA|verb
supermarket|market|IsA|food
relaxation|contemplating|UsedFor|driving
garden|classroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
jail|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
store|furniture|UsedFor|decoration
tree|forest|IsA|part of nature
magazines|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
computer|apartment|IsA|building
woods|outside|IsA|living/once living
cellar|bathroom|IsA|type of building
street|minnesota|IsA|business that serves food
rug|bathtub|CapableOf|sleeping
disneyland|mouse|IsA|room
computer|student|IsA|location
junk|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
theater|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
aircraft|restaurant|UsedFor|living in
shelf|roof|IsA|place to store items
jar|groceries|MadeOf|wood
nebraska|minnesota|IsA|part of a municipality
paperwork|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
court|palace|HasA|roof
garage|basement|AtLocation|within a building's structure
circus|confession|IsA|place of religion
bar|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
barnyard|ranch|UsedFor|housing animals
confession|synagogue|IsA|mental place
lamp|coats|IsA|place to live
opera|person|PartOf|building
homes|bar|IsA|country
microwave|backyard|IsA|animal
college|inside|IsA|object
motel|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
internet|information|MadeOf|meet
car|box|IsA|place
crying|problems|IsA|negative feeling
voice|telephone|IsA|tv show
wallet|table|UsedFor|storage
valley|pond|HasProperty|human made
university|attic|AtLocation|within a building's structure
park|playground|MadeOf|plastic
couch|church|UsedFor|work
theater|apartment|UsedFor|reading
backyard|place|HasA|legs
trunk|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
church|tent|HasProperty|part of a human
church|people|IsA|place you buy food
box|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
hospital|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
death|nightmares|IsA|physical object
erections|sweat|IsA|physical object
suburb|street|MadeOf|sand
mouse|container|IsA|room
books|ontario|MadeOf|sand mostly
safe|field|IsA|part media
learning|happiness|IsA|something considered as positive
kitchen|museum|MadeOf|wood
house|garage|CapableOf|hold people against their will
manual|encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
shoes|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
desktop|library|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
conference|people|IsA|n item of furniture
apartment|california|IsA|place where people live
rug|backyard|CapableOf|be painted
commercial|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
windowsill|cage|IsA|living thing
television|corner|IsA|building
restaurants|bar|PartOf|food and drink
town|continent|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
table|food|HasA|empty space in it
church|table|UsedFor|work
soup|table|AtLocation|in a home
conference|town|HasProperty|a type of home
town|city|HasProperty|a workplace
chicken|street|UsedFor|transportation
opera|good|PartOf|building
musical|park|HasA|ticket box usually
bedroom|garden|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
happiness|tension|IsA|feeling or emotion
crying|laughter|IsA|emotion
trauma|depression|IsA|emotion
film|wallet|UsedFor|storage
airport|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
tears|love|IsA|physical emotion
anthology|shelf|IsA|art-related item
passageway|store|UsedFor|a holiday
park|ballpark|IsA|outdoor area
montana|chair|IsA|religious card
closet|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
hotel|london|UsedFor|milking cows
ground|clouds|HasProperty|found inside a house
cage|lake|IsA|place
restaurant|toilet|UsedFor|washing
dreams|sweat|IsA|feeling
attic|garage|HasProperty|an animal
drawer|magazines|CapableOf|store
bathroom|cage|IsA|place where you can stand
skyscraper|ocean|IsA|country or state
hospital|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
disneyland|cupboard|IsA|place to make food
church|store|UsedFor|living
sweat|sleeping|CapableOf|hurt
cave|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
ground|windowsill|AtLocation|in the sky
wedding|funeral|IsA|event
bathroom|porch|AtLocation|in a house
kitchen|corner|HasProperty|able to be entered
boxes|outside|HasProperty|found below ground level
restaurant|countryside|IsA|country
bowl|bathroom|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
shop|library|CapableOf|store
air|tree|HasProperty|man made
god|monastery|UsedFor|praying
apartment|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
pond|garden|AtLocation|outside
jar|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
crying|remembering|IsA|negative thing
building|garage|CapableOf|be made with bricks
floor|carpet|IsA|home appliance
ground|corner|UsedFor|storage
restaurant|mexico|IsA|country
sink|fly|UsedFor|transportation
trees|park|IsA|country
books|table|CapableOf|be held with one hand
canada|yard|IsA|place people work and live
television|dust|IsA|place in a house
synagogue|montana|IsA|place of religion
table|cabinet|HasProperty|furniture
beach|sun|HasProperty|hot
jar|pocket|HasProperty|to do with currency
garden|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
apartment|shelf|IsA|furniture 
outside|plants|UsedFor|throwing
toilet|bridge|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
kitchen|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
country|town|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
shed|boxes|UsedFor|storing physical things
assessment|conference|PartOf|body
heaven|hole|IsA|place where money is kept
regret|satisfaction|IsA|action
newspaper|table|CapableOf|provide a service
morgue|hospital|HasA|exterior walls
plate|cup|IsA|  place
mouse|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
battle|injuries|CapableOf|create physical pain
key|money|CapableOf|be held in your hands
store|closet|UsedFor|reading books
fox|mountains|IsA|place
city|government|IsA|concept or place
encyclopedia|head|IsA|place for students
clothing|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
battlefield|hospital|PartOf|the human body
action|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
computer|demonstration|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
cat|floor|IsA|garden
skin|church|IsA|part of a human
university|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bedroom|home|UsedFor|cooking food
allergies|headache|CapableOf|happiness
happiness|thinking|IsA|colorful
front|peanuts|HasA|to do with planets
field|street|UsedFor|playing
pocket|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
bedroom|home|HasProperty|a public place
like|celebrating|IsA|verb
cellar|store|IsA|sweet or savory
restaurant|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
antarctica|desktop|MadeOf|wood
universe|peanuts|UsedFor|containing objects
garbage|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
field|newspaper|IsA|place for students
mouth|jar|IsA|object
city|florida|IsA|place
discomfort|fun|IsA|n emotion
death|sweat|PartOf|human body
apartment|home|IsA|place people live
notes|school|CapableOf|move
nails|cabinet|CapableOf|be eaten
desktop|pocket|IsA|place of learning
room|rug|MadeOf|living parts
basement|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
condiments|kitchen|HasProperty|used for meals
library|school|UsedFor|borrowing books
carnival|person|CapableOf|be heard
pantry|plate|IsA|location or room
box|store|UsedFor|storing physical things
opera|restaurant|UsedFor|work
paper|pocket|UsedFor|writing
bathroom|chair|AtLocation|in a house
floor|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
snore|attic|AtLocation|in home
clothing|library|UsedFor|cooling
ocean|river|CapableOf|be walked on
clothing|cupboard|HasProperty|an object
tile|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
table|case|IsA|piece of furniture
street|state|AtLocation|inside a house
montana|desk|IsA|religious card
trunk|store|UsedFor|to keep items
ground|apartment|UsedFor|storing food
university|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
heaven|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
bedroom|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
nature|garbage|IsA|place
discovery|birds|IsA|colorful
motel|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
table|desktop|AtLocation|home
anxiety|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
chairs|carpet|IsA|type of room
television|field|IsA|place for students
toilet|moon|UsedFor|link between places
museum|pantry|AtLocation|indoors
dust|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
garden|program|UsedFor|worship
bedroom|trouble|IsA|animal
table|condiments|IsA|  place
china|city|HasProperty|a location
car|cellar|IsA|place to pray
desktop|backpack|UsedFor|reading
classroom|restaurant|HasA|usually have people inside
box|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
garbage|nature|HasProperty|a household item
desktop|map|UsedFor|reading
desert|tree|IsA|animal
auditorium|montana|IsA|n item of furniture
apartment|opera|IsA|part of a human
disneyland|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
crying|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
mansion|supermarket|IsA|location
china|city|UsedFor|transportation
contemplating|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
farm|hotel|IsA|something you can own
lightning|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
sea|sun|IsA|vacation destination
information|safe|IsA|place to study
store|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
ground|nature|IsA|car
nest|cage|CapableOf|fly
briefcase|book|CapableOf|be worn
clothing|doctor|CapableOf|store
floor|loft|CapableOf|sleeping
jail|clouds|IsA|product that people buy
wilderness|continent|HasProperty|human made
coats|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
pennsylvania|austria|MadeOf|rocks
apartment|drawer|HasProperty|furniture
birds|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
china|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
pond|canada|IsA|nature-related
boat|building|HasProperty|found in a house
refrigerator|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
lemur|field|IsA|country
restaurants|refrigerator|UsedFor|eating or drinking
bread|onions|IsA|type of food
town|china|MadeOf|sand
pleasure|pain|IsA|emotion
controversy|shock|IsA|emotion
human|band|MadeOf|by man
army|sun|IsA|place
show|drugs|UsedFor|recreation activity
stream|lake|IsA|place
skin|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
subdivision|neighborhood|IsA|state
confession|office|IsA|place of religion
supermarket|restaurant|IsA|place
snore|furniture|PartOf|house
food|nails|IsA|location
ocean|bay|IsA|small body of water
stuff|desk|IsA|1 syllable word
stretch|movement|HasProperty|tiring
sleep|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
relaxation|understanding|UsedFor|seeking an answer
park|meeting|CapableOf|be alive
club|restaurant|IsA|place people can meet
trouble|cat|AtLocation|in home
program|television|UsedFor|worship
city|countryside|HasA|buildings in it
trunk|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
hospital|office|IsA|list of alphabets
knowledge|field|HasA|screen
apartment|jail|HasA|usually have people inside
stove|condiments|CapableOf|store things
backyard|forest|IsA|nation
field|cage|UsedFor|food
rug|table|UsedFor|indoor activities
earth|opera|HasProperty|an event
office|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
cabinet|store|UsedFor|carrying things
apartment|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
casino|money|UsedFor|living
condiments|kitchen|HasA|empty space in it
cabinet|basement|HasA|roof
outside|mountain|AtLocation|at a party
chicken|glass|CapableOf|be used as transport 
restaurant|hotel|HasA|pool
woods|classroom|HasA|usually have people inside
playground|valley|UsedFor|driving on or over
sky|floor|PartOf|an office
auditorium|ocean|IsA|religious card
montana|subdivision|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
hospital|town|AtLocation|inside a house
drawer|apartment|IsA|dish
field|sweetness|CapableOf|make you sad
california|mountains|IsA|us state
asia|africa|IsA|continent
stable|barnyard|UsedFor|food
buildings|wedding|UsedFor| gathering together
woods|wilderness|IsA|place
book|classroom|IsA|building
people|town|IsA|place
valley|forest|IsA|natural thing
passageway|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
hunger|inspiration|MadeOf|wood
jar|action|CapableOf|keeping cash
bird|woods|IsA|natural thing
floor|dinner|HasProperty|removable
garage|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
cooking|rosebush|UsedFor|preparing food
restaurant|film|UsedFor|storage
wall|connection|HasA|use electricity
florida|california|IsA|proper noun
nightmares|shock|IsA|something a baby could have
pantry|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
shop|clothing|CapableOf|store
doctor|human|IsA|nation symbol
museum|bar|HasA|usually have people inside
kitchen|building|IsA|place to sleep
closet|attic|AtLocation|on the floor
supermarket|tent|IsA|event
conference|opera|UsedFor| gathering together
love|laughter|HasProperty|an emotion
chair|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
windowsill|house|HasProperty|found in a home
bay|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
silverware|oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
embarrassment|crying|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
home|homes|UsedFor|travel
universe|space|HasA|to do with planets
lake|dictionary|IsA|place
lake|stream|MadeOf|water
hallway|woods|HasA|usually have people inside
shop|home|IsA|physical item 
contemplating|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
cupboard|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
building|roof|AtLocation|in your room
plate|pantry|AtLocation|in a house
house|greenhouse|PartOf|glass
suffering|tears|IsA|noun
container|store|UsedFor|writing
library|corner|HasProperty|able to be entered
town|china|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
knowledge|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
garbage|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
contemplating|fear|CapableOf|fly
bowl|pot|CapableOf|storing food
office|chair|AtLocation|in a house
dishwasher|disneyland|IsA|building
yard|garden|HasA|walls
control|city|IsA|object/thing
nightmares|depression|PartOf|mental disorder
floor|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
library|dinner|IsA|physical tangible object
attic|garden|MadeOf|water
freeway|countryside|IsA|place
museum|house|HasA|usually have people inside
funeral|concert|UsedFor|music
carpet|boat|HasProperty|furniture in a house
refrigerators|refrigerator|CapableOf|store things
shop|magazine|CapableOf|store
dog|cat|IsA|a animal
ficus|ground|IsA|place where people live
sky|air|IsA|car
cabinet|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
store|love|IsA|public place
dust|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
pot|bowl|IsA|place to make food
paper|pocket|CapableOf|be used for travel
arboretum|home|IsA|type of tree
utensils|box|CapableOf|be held in your hands
drawer|library|CapableOf|store
house|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
bank|table|UsedFor|holding things
crying|money|IsA|positive thing
food|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
action|thinking|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
hotel|movies|IsA|event
coffee|case|CapableOf|be held in your hands
drawer|floor|IsA|store items
school|office|UsedFor|reading books
box|park|CapableOf|be eaten
problems|remembering|IsA|feeling/emotion
reflection|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
nature|outside|IsA|part of a house
opera|car|HasProperty|a type of home
sunshine|moon|IsA|vacation destination
synagogue|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
television|books|IsA|place
bar|alcohol|PartOf|food and drink
church|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
garden|building|IsA|nation
hole|field|UsedFor|food
driveway|yard|IsA|place where you can live
shed|garage|IsA|place
newspaper|library|IsA|physical tangible object
hole|bank|AtLocation|in home
forest|restaurant|IsA|nation
factory|museum|IsA|place
bed|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
demonstration|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
cup|table|AtLocation|on the map
restaurant|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
apartment|cellar|IsA|food
refrigerator|cabinet|UsedFor|writing in
instruction|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
louisiana|mountains|IsA|country
bar|can|MadeOf|metal
action|contemplating|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
paperwork|house|AtLocation|with water
instruction|knowledge|IsA|positive thing
telephone|office|UsedFor|fun
bar|human|IsA|country
bay|pond|HasA|earth
desktop|locker|IsA|building
manual|television|IsA|thing you can touch
museum|bar|IsA|type of building
valley|waterfall|HasA|3 letters
rug|shoes|AtLocation|inside a house
ceiling|table|AtLocation|library
hotel|farm|IsA|something you can own
television|windowsill|HasProperty|found inside a house
classroom|bathroom|IsA|room in a property
burrow|underground|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
park|backyard|HasA|walls
nightmares|controversy|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
porch|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
classroom|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
town|conference|IsA|commercial browser
street|dirt|IsA|bodypart
park|sunshine|HasProperty|hot
building|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
street|ground|IsA|stone
classroom|bathroom|IsA|room
bathroom|store|IsA|place where you can stand
pantry|floor|CapableOf|be used for school
opera|tent|HasProperty|part of a human
party|auditorium|IsA|building
carpet|dust|HasProperty|part of a building
yard|restaurant|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
sun|summer|IsA|vacation destination
hotel|television|IsA|event
sink|floor|IsA|furniture
roof|room|HasA|ceiling
class|elevator|CapableOf|be performed
pond|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
porch|bathroom|AtLocation|in a house
refrigerator|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
conference|opera|IsA|house where man live
concert|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
montana|china|HasA|buildings in it
house|morgue|HasA|exterior walls
cut|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
jar|moon|HasProperty|a building
backpack|dinner|CapableOf|be held in your hands
park|canada|IsA|place people work and live
chair|snore|HasProperty|a household item
bed|cat|PartOf|house
cup|table|IsA|  place
couch|house|UsedFor|work
drawer|garage|HasProperty|an animal
office|window|IsA|ceremony
table|demonstration|UsedFor|packing things inside
dinner|utensils|UsedFor|eating
pond|town|IsA|place to grow plants
staircase|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of building
home|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
nest|roof|CapableOf|fly
human|jail|IsA|country
street|swimming|IsA|part of nature
wires|office|IsA|device used for working
condiments|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
barn|garage|UsedFor|worship
bird|nature|IsA|natural thing
thinking|library|HasProperty|a meal
cupboard|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
cabinet|cupboard|HasProperty|found below ground level
stamps|case|CapableOf|be held in your hands
ground|pond|IsA|living/once living
teapot|ficus|UsedFor|storing food
laughter|smiles|UsedFor|hobbies
motion|movement|AtLocation|on the body
stove|plate|CapableOf|store things
store|casino|UsedFor|living
depression|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
restaurant|country|UsedFor|worship
anxiety|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
underground|burrow|HasProperty|found above ground
convention|opera|IsA|place
desk|chair|UsedFor|work
loft|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
roof|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
pond|park|IsA|nation
shop|telephone|IsA|study room
apartment|montana|HasProperty|an event
home|bathroom|IsA|object that can be held
mansion|cinema|UsedFor| gathering together
closet|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
controversy|money|IsA|positive thing
valley|nebraska|IsA|building
fun|tears|IsA|emotion
opera|bathroom|CapableOf|be heard
playground|garden|UsedFor|swimming
information|book|HasA|screen
lamp|house|HasProperty|1 syllable
toronto|television|HasProperty|an animal
television|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
apartment|supermarket|IsA|event
stress|injuries|IsA|positive card
ocean|valley|IsA|somewhere animals swim
trees|marmoset|IsA|place
jar|school|IsA|event
stomach|shelf|HasA|edible items for sale
toilet|disneyland|IsA|place to make food
store|michigan|CapableOf|fly
performing|contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
table|container|UsedFor|keeping things cool
movies|television|IsA|event
table|desktop|HasProperty|edible
plate|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
satisfaction|excitement|HasA|ltr p
street|car|AtLocation|within a building's structure
action|change|IsA|place to be entertained
town|city|AtLocation|on a map
drugstore|home|CapableOf|move location
disneyland|stamps|IsA|dish
headache|dancing|IsA|emotion
bridge|house|IsA|man made
oven|kitchen|UsedFor|storing edible things
thinking|head|IsA|place to study
cupboard|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
montana|town|UsedFor|buying food
home|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
restaurant|church|AtLocation|in a building
cage|stream|IsA|place
field|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
countryside|garden|CapableOf|be part of a house
drawer|desk|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
house|automobile|CapableOf|store a car
notebook|notes|IsA|building
sugar|container|HasProperty|found below ground level
garage|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
cabinet|shelf|IsA|place to store items
nature|wilderness|IsA|natural thing
bathroom|field|IsA|sweet or savory
house|sun|IsA|car
wilderness|country|HasA|water
valley|work|IsA|country or state
ground|demonstration|IsA|type of shop
box|closet|UsedFor|indoor activities
street|shed|IsA|place to pray
shelf|pantry|UsedFor|storage 
desktop|computer|IsA|study room
trees|field|PartOf|nature
bicycle|street|AtLocation|within a building's structure
forest|wilderness|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
roof|ground|PartOf|glass
sea|bay|HasA|earth
desktop|silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
refrigerator|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
sunshine|moon|IsA|animal or book
theater|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
neighborhood|countryside|IsA|place where you can live
home|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
plate|kitchen|CapableOf|cook things
woods|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
refrigerator|pantry|CapableOf|store things
dust|attic|IsA|place in a house
library|books|MadeOf|technology
pain|trauma|IsA|negative thing
closet|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
house|party|IsA|ground where child play
body|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
house|bar|AtLocation|in a building
ocean|river|HasA|earth
human|heaven|PartOf|house 
staircase|person|HasProperty|a type of building
air|house|IsA|car
can|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
bedroom|nature|UsedFor|cooking food
house|hotel|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
trouble|snore|IsA|place
corner|park|IsA|building
kitchen|funeral|MadeOf|wood
restaurant|house|UsedFor|pooping
mexico|building|IsA|place people work and live
butterflies|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
antarctica|city|UsedFor|food
drawer|television|HasProperty|a household item
hotel|farm|IsA|tourist destination
clouds|corner|IsA|place for clothes
favors|tears|IsA|enjoyable
enjoyment|empathy|IsA|something considered as positive
floor|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
bowl|kitchen|IsA|furniture
palace|bathroom|IsA|in a home
store|beaver|IsA|location
discomfort|love|IsA|n emotion
classroom|house|HasA|usually have people inside
woods|nature|MadeOf|trees
jar|space|PartOf|wood
opera|supermarket|IsA|place or location
reflection|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
coats|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
furniture|floor|IsA|place
families|jar|IsA|event
countryside|michigan|PartOf|natural landscape
table|food|CapableOf|be found in a house
synagogue|heaven|IsA|place of religion
wedding|supermarket|IsA|place
bed|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
radio|attic|IsA|place for clothes
stuff|dinner|UsedFor|eating
sun|street|HasProperty|hot
television|attic|IsA|place in a house
closet|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
bathtub|floor|HasA|ceiling
briefcase|book|IsA|building
garage|pot|CapableOf|cooking
churchyard|yard|AtLocation|indoors
confusion|anger|IsA|negative feeling or expression
drawer|attic|HasProperty|an animal
hospital|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
cellar|house|IsA|room in a building
mexico|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
apartment|bathroom|IsA|room
store|bathroom|PartOf|physical structure
shelf|closet|HasProperty|an object
cat|bird|HasA|animal
punishment|suffering|HasA|punish
closet|shelf|IsA|type of business
death|desires|CapableOf|hurt
bathroom|stream|MadeOf|trees
head|library|IsA|physical tangible object
television|outside|HasA|opening or door
conference|theater|IsA|part of a human
cabinet|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
forest|countryside|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
manual|book|MadeOf|paper
nails|food|UsedFor|storage
hospital|maze|HasA|airplanes
shop|office|IsA|building
chicken|garage|UsedFor|transportation
locker|book|IsA|building
bedroom|computer|UsedFor|work
disneyland|trash|IsA|place to make food
pond|beach|UsedFor|swimming
churchyard|work|AtLocation|in your company
crying|pain|PartOf|mental disorder
joy|excitement|IsA|verb
hotel|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
homes|school|IsA|type of building
bedroom|telephone|IsA|study room
clothing|table|IsA|physical item 
suit|game|UsedFor|learning
buildings|mansion|IsA|location
book|university|HasProperty|a meal
sunbathers|summer|IsA|person
ground|roof|CapableOf|laugh
building|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
refrigerator|market|IsA|food
thinking|information|PartOf|human mind
river|medium|UsedFor|eating or drinking
happiness|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
car|shed|PartOf|house
shelf|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
moon|desert|IsA|vacation destination
forest|countryside|IsA|natural thing
nightmares|sleeping|PartOf|human body
disneyland|cabinet|IsA|dish
stove|food|CapableOf|store things
cup|pantry|IsA|piece of furniture
love|human|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
countryside|building|IsA|place people work and live
enjoyment|laughter|UsedFor|hobbies
street|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
dishwasher|mouse|AtLocation|inside a house
attic|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
knowledge|thinking|IsA|physical tangible object
detroit|heaven|CapableOf|fly
class|color|PartOf|human mind
dishwasher|plate|IsA|something found in a household
desk|floor|UsedFor|furnishing a house
air|moon|UsedFor|work
silverware|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
windowsill|carpet|AtLocation|in your home
money|inspiration|HasProperty|a physical item
cupboard|oven|HasA|edible items for sale
lightning|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
attic|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
park|heart|IsA|feeling 
thinking|discovery|IsA|colorful
sky|swimming|HasProperty|man made
thinking|action|CapableOf|fly
office|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
mouth|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
home|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
container|outside|IsA|room
microwave|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
refrigerator|jar|HasA|empty space in it
montana|church|HasProperty|part of a human
magazines|table|IsA|physical item 
salad|grape|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
program|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
atlas|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
table|cup|IsA|location or room
airport|bed|AtLocation|mostly inside
louisiana|arkansas|HasA|even number of letter
pond|backyard|IsA|nature-related
people|floor|PartOf|building a house
sorrow|embarrassment|PartOf|mental disorder
casino|action|CapableOf|keeping cash
heaven|lemur|IsA|country
dishwasher|desk|IsA|form of entertainment
barn|office|UsedFor|fun
backyard|garden|CapableOf|be man made
bedroom|rug|HasA|legs
microwave|connection|AtLocation|library
money|key|IsA|place you can visit
battle|defeat|IsA|positive card
garage|street|UsedFor|transportation
bed|table|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
picture|wall|CapableOf|show you time
store|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
garden|trees|IsA|nation
furniture|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
bay|ocean|HasA|water
table|shelf|MadeOf|food
water|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
countryside|windowsill|MadeOf|trees
home|food|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
jar|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
closet|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
supermarket|kitchen|IsA|location
car|box|AtLocation|within a building's structure
cabinet|nails|IsA|location
windowsill|restaurant|AtLocation|in your home
bar|bedroom|UsedFor|car repair
building|garage|CapableOf|work
car|company|AtLocation|library
telephone|mouth|IsA|tv show
toilet|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
dishwasher|microwave|IsA|dish
song|telephone|IsA|tv show
trouble|chair|HasProperty|a household item
meeting|field|HasA|screen
cupboard|roof|MadeOf|wood
field|book|HasProperty|a meal
box|boxes|IsA|room in a home
field|television|HasProperty|related to studying
toilet|jar|CapableOf|can you drink it
suicide|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
person|war|PartOf|building
factory|storage|CapableOf|work
house|connection|IsA|business
trunk|utensils|IsA|made of wood
concert|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
butterflies|thinking|CapableOf|fly
manual|library|UsedFor|viewing/reading
warehouse|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
michigan|trash|UsedFor|eating
bathroom|store|CapableOf|be sweet
stove|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
pain|money|IsA|emotion
movies|box|CapableOf|be eaten
sleep|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
opera|montana|HasProperty|part of a human
human|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
manual|clouds|IsA|product that people buy
hunger|crying|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
synagogue|conference|IsA|house where man live
beach|playground|UsedFor|farmers 
plants|park|MadeOf|natural materials
heaven|school|CapableOf|move freely
roof|street|MadeOf|wood
library|school|UsedFor|a holiday
ground|sun|UsedFor|work
town|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
briefcase|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
tent|town|IsA|place you buy food
trash|container|IsA|room in a home
garage|cat|PartOf|house
ball|playground|UsedFor|farmers 
skyscraper|bathroom|UsedFor|travel
chair|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
war|music|PartOf|building
telegram|meeting|IsA|visible object
building|restaurant|HasA|walls
meeting|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
cellar|field|IsA|sweet or savory
excitement|joy|IsA|verb
yard|driveway|HasProperty|a location
town|trees|IsA|country
windowsill|michigan|IsA|living thing
desert|desktop|HasProperty|hot
trunk|pantry|IsA|type of business
performing|butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
marmoset|dictionary|HasProperty|found above ground
cup|condiments|HasA|store edible items
church|earth|HasProperty|an event
library|school|UsedFor|housing
germany|opera|PartOf|building
bank|lemur|UsedFor|food
product|demonstration|IsA|type of shop
pocket|change|CapableOf|be held in your hands
street|supermarket|IsA|place to be entertained
church|college|CapableOf|have people  inside
weather|rain|AtLocation|at america
desktop|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
hospital|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
performing|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
injury|food|IsA|emotion
inside|stomach|IsA|  place
nest|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
key|jar|IsA|place you can visit
dreams|sleeping|HasProperty|related to sleep
refrigerator|car|HasProperty|associated with drinking
earth|body|IsA|house where man live
clock|desktop|AtLocation|library
countryside|subdivision|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
fear|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
movies|hotel|IsA|event
bathroom|outside|UsedFor|sport
restaurant|hallway|HasA|usually have people inside
street|china|IsA|state
apartment|table|UsedFor|student
drugstore|temple|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
warehouse|shed|IsA|room in a home
backyard|countryside|IsA|nation
exchange|building|IsA|room in a house
action|key|CapableOf|keeping cash
punch|tears|UsedFor|punish
church|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
car|water|IsA|place to pray
hotel|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
water|sink|HasProperty|a building
floor|bed|UsedFor|cooling
building|love|IsA|business
university|computer|UsedFor|reading and studying
bathroom|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
canada|switzerland|IsA|location
building|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
doorway|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
library|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
coats|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
town|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
buildings|classroom|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
bathroom|bedroom|UsedFor|car repair
pleasure|knowing|MadeOf|wood
aquarium|valley|IsA|somewhere animals swim
machine|bar|UsedFor|communication
ceiling|basement|IsA|car
church|florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
pizza|silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
market|soup|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
passageway|school|IsA|place to live
lightning|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
silence|choir|AtLocation|on/in the human body
carpet|desk|IsA|home appliance
person|assessment|PartOf|body
elevator|opera|CapableOf|be heard
car|refrigerator|HasProperty|associated with drinking
disneyland|sewer|IsA|room
car|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
buildings|theater|UsedFor| gathering together
newspaper|floor|CapableOf|store
trash|bearing|UsedFor|playing
restaurant|forest|IsA|country
bedroom|sink|HasProperty|edible
inspiration|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
table|ceiling|MadeOf|paper
bridge|country|CapableOf|be walked on
wilderness|mountains|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
garbage|garage|IsA|place
potatoes|market|CapableOf|be sweet
synagogue|tent|IsA|place
groceries|cupboard|AtLocation|in a kitchen
garage|demonstration|CapableOf|make a sound
nails|food|AtLocation|in a home
city|seaside|IsA|man-made thing
couch|bathroom|AtLocation|mostly inside
pride|cut|HasA|physical appearance
toilet|bridge|CapableOf|store small items
junk|bed|PartOf|house
bathroom|bedroom|UsedFor|work
library|porch|CapableOf|store
bedroom|garage|IsA|room in a property
table|kitchen|CapableOf|be consumed
plate|shelf|CapableOf|be purchased
backyard|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
pride|discovery|HasA|physical appearance
circus|desk|UsedFor|praying
restaurant|apartment|IsA|building
countryside|canada|IsA|country
bubblegum|church|UsedFor|living
theater|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
knowledge|thinking|IsA|place for students
passageway|library|IsA|place to live
butterflies|action|IsA|colorful
hotel|bar|HasProperty|a property 
action|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
soup|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
boredom|arguments|CapableOf|be physically touched
doorway|heaven|UsedFor|travel
exhaustion|allergies|MadeOf|golden
paper|notebook|UsedFor|reading
company|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
fox|tennessee|IsA|country
church|montana|IsA|part of a human
building|bathroom|HasA|airplanes
dirt|garden|HasA|first letter c
desktop|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
world|continent|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
steakhouse|wine|IsA|us state
porch|trunk|CapableOf|move people
cave|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
nebraska|state|IsA|business that serves food
dinner|bread|UsedFor|eating or drinking
classroom|hallway|UsedFor|car repair
store|box|PartOf|natural landscape
den|pantry|HasA|door
bar|plate|IsA|type of food
house|backpack|MadeOf|food
hotel|church|HasA|usually have people inside
lightning|reflection|CapableOf|fly
drugstore|house|IsA|specific part of a structure
forest|trees|IsA|nature-related
basement|moon|IsA|car
swimming|sky|HasProperty|man made
film|table|UsedFor|storage
snow|trees|MadeOf|metal
pool|fly|UsedFor|eating or drinking
carpet|clouds|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
attic|porch|MadeOf|wood
party|house|IsA|study room
kitchen|closet|AtLocation|with water
park|human|CapableOf|move
kitchens|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
supermarket|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
candy|food|IsA|public building
house|shelf|MadeOf|food
safe|thinking|IsA|place to study
hope|desk|MadeOf|energy
church|town|IsA|part of a human
mountain|countryside|PartOf|natural landscape
nature|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
outside|pennsylvania|MadeOf|plastic
box|dog|AtLocation|on the map
house|love|IsA|public place
park|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
cupboard|cabinet|HasA|roof
town|body|HasProperty|an event
china|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
crying|hunger|IsA|emotion
maze|hospital|HasA|airplanes
punch|punishment|IsA|noun
shelf|plate|IsA|place
mansion|conference|IsA|location
computer|desk|IsA|building
cat|chair|PartOf|house
birds|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
market|field|CapableOf|be sweet
commercial|encyclopedia|MadeOf|water
reflection|injury|HasA|physical appearance
highway|street|CapableOf|be lived in
bowl|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
safe|book|HasProperty|a meal
store|furniture|IsA|private space
soup|pool|UsedFor|transportation
restaurant|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
ocean|school|UsedFor|reading books
university|church|HasA|person stood at the front
jar|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
car|wedding|HasProperty|alive
bedroom|roof|IsA|specific part of a structure
furniture|garbage|IsA|place
corner|television|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
hole|heaven|UsedFor|cooking
trunk|funeral|IsA|structure or building
chair|elevator|IsA|place you visit
aquarium|river|IsA|somewhere animals swim
bathtub|furniture|UsedFor|decoration
demonstration|clock|MadeOf|a natural material
soup|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
library|restaurant|IsA|place of learning
ground|dirt|MadeOf|organic brown matter
lamp|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
park|shop|HasProperty|1 syllable
fight|injuries|CapableOf|create physical pain
yard|forest|IsA|living/once living
basement|street|HasProperty|white
shelf|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
birds|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
store|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
aquarium|sea|HasA|water
house|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
television|lamp|IsA|physical and movable item
food|bathroom|MadeOf|metal
universe|hole|CapableOf|be currently visited
work|yard|IsA|country or state
class|movie|IsA|place people can meet
wallet|film|IsA|piece of furniture
wall|roof|PartOf|building a house
oven|pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
casino|money|CapableOf|keeping cash
city|suburb|IsA|business that serves food
bearing|street|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
glass|street|IsA|vacation destination
kitchen|table|CapableOf|store things
kitchen|apartment|IsA|furniture 
telephone|corner|IsA|ground where child play
wilderness|universe|IsA|place
dog|closet|UsedFor|indoor activities
library|pocket|CapableOf|be used virtually 
mind|good|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
valley|nature|HasProperty|2 syllables
curtain|sun|IsA|vacation destination
museum|wall|AtLocation|indoors
fingernails|corner|HasA|wheels
doctor|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
churchyard|village|IsA|country or state
church|club|IsA|place people can meet
montana|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
supermarket|bowl|UsedFor|storage
park|library|IsA|building
theater|conference|IsA|planet
ground|roof|PartOf|nature
neighborhood|town|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
food|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
casino|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
home|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
drawer|books|IsA|furniture 
suburbs|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
table|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
school|band|IsA|job
container|food|CapableOf|be found in a house
minnesota|city|AtLocation|inside a house
dirt|bathtub|HasA|first letter c
home|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
box|trunk|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
box|desk|MadeOf|plastic
skyscraper|city|IsA|country or state
canada|park|AtLocation|outside
outdoors|desert|IsA|1 syllable word
windowsill|sunbathers|HasProperty|hot
house|commercial|IsA|animal or book
tropics|china|IsA|location
apartment|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
fight|battle|IsA|physical outcome
discovery|cut|HasA|physical appearance
agreement|pain|UsedFor|manifesting joy
yard|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
store|garden|HasProperty|man made
magazine|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
bowl|cabinet|IsA|place to make food
refrigerator|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
demonstration|market|HasProperty|a public place
box|demonstration|UsedFor|learning
arguments|cleanliness|CapableOf|be physically touched
drawer|cat|IsA|store items
antarctica|corner|UsedFor|storage
suburb|yard|MadeOf|sand
coats|school|IsA|place to live
joy|regret|IsA|feeling
home|floor|IsA|informal term for youth
company|connection|IsA|public place
telephone|motel|IsA|study room
bowl|store|IsA|tableware
roof|bathroom|PartOf|physical structure
attic|chair|IsA|store items
sailboat|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
party|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
pocket|conference|IsA|place where students learn
motel|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
dishwasher|movie|IsA|something you eat off
kitchen|condiments|HasA|empty space in it
yard|park|HasA|walls
sailboat|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
bathroom|house|UsedFor|living in
airport|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
box|mountain|IsA|living thing
trees|forest|IsA|country
museum|bedroom|UsedFor|urination
warehouse|shed|IsA|place
stamps|case|UsedFor|eating
pantry|apartment|IsA|object
library|office|HasProperty|religious
store|lamp|UsedFor|reading books
california|fox|IsA|state in uk
bank|australia|UsedFor|food
pond|building|IsA|country
desk|clock|IsA|inanimate object
locker|backpack|IsA|place of learning
encyclopedia|sloth|MadeOf|water
airplane|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
apartment|school|AtLocation|on the map
cupboard|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
car|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
pantry|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
building|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
toronto|snore|PartOf|house
field|ball|UsedFor|farmers 
internet|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
sadness|depression|HasProperty|linked to food
store|church|IsA|place you can visit
cabinet|desk|IsA|form of entertainment
kitchen|apartment|IsA|room in a property
bed|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
cellar|outside|HasProperty|found below ground level
closet|warehouse|IsA|structure or building
mexico|outside|HasProperty|made by humans
countryside|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
dancing|happiness|IsA|verb
bed|junk|IsA|place
pantry|groceries|HasA|door
jungle|park|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
classroom|pocket|IsA|building
office|library|IsA|room
motel|television|IsA|study room
desert|countryside|IsA|part of nature
ocean|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
detroit|birds|AtLocation|on a map
bedroom|bathroom|HasProperty|mainly used for sleeping
books|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
backyard|mexico|IsA|nature-related
desert|india|IsA|animal
restaurant|library|MadeOf|bricks
discovery|action|CapableOf|tell stories
earth|skin|HasProperty|an event
pond|ocean|HasA|3 letters
lamp|computer|IsA|building
moon|street|HasProperty|white
marmoset|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
church|jail|IsA|place where you can visit
theater|change|UsedFor|living
floor|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
attic|corner|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
anthology|flowers|IsA|art-related item
tension|anger|IsA|feeling or emotion
basement|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
church|concert|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
cupboard|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
glass|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
backyard|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
television|computer|IsA|n electronic device
commercial|magazine|MadeOf|water
street|field|MadeOf|metal or plastic
contemplating|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
box|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
mexico|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
kitchen|trunk|CapableOf|move people
school|store|UsedFor|a holiday
museum|factory|IsA|type of building
loft|kitchen|AtLocation|in your room
theater|synagogue|IsA|place
pizza|food|AtLocation|in  a residence
office|conference|IsA|place where students learn
box|cellar|IsA|place to pray
cabinet|cupboard|HasA|door
sadness|communication|IsA|happy card
jail|room|IsA|product that people buy
earth|supermarket|IsA|home
food|cup|UsedFor|keeping things cool
garage|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
utensils|case|UsedFor|storage
auditorium|party|HasProperty|a place where people sing
refrigerator|bar|CapableOf|be entered
bed|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
bed|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
disneyland|beach|IsA|place
program|silence|UsedFor|powering other things
action|discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
apartment|floor|IsA|furniture
field|information|HasA|screen
water|chicken|UsedFor|eating or drinking
house|motel|IsA|ground where child play
florida|casino|IsA|place of worship
garage|basement|IsA|room in a building
snow|disneyland|IsA|type of place
notebook|pencils|IsA|school supply
ceiling|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
aquarium|waterfall|IsA|place that humans can swim
earth|conference|IsA|house where man live
table|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
fly|puddle|UsedFor|eating or drinking
garage|room|PartOf|house
buildings|wedding|UsedFor|putting on a show
pantry|glass|IsA|furniture 
refrigerator|bar|UsedFor|storing things in
jar|wedding|IsA|part of the body
montana|desert|UsedFor|driving 
can|container|IsA|type of business
warehouse|building|CapableOf|have people living there
communication|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
sink|silverware|MadeOf|metal
home|bedroom|IsA|place to sleep
lamp|sun|IsA|car
apartment|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
sky|countryside|IsA|part of nature
subdivision|neighborhood|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
wings|castle|PartOf|house 
refrigerator|cabinet|CapableOf|be found in a house
canada|garden|IsA|country
store|conference|UsedFor|writing
louisiana|arkansas|IsA|country
restaurant|container|MadeOf|metal
closet|street|HasA|wheels
dentist|library|IsA|physical item 
house|china|HasProperty|a location
dream|knowing|MadeOf|wood
field|color|IsA|part media
television|internet|MadeOf|paper
rain|street|AtLocation|at america
table|food|AtLocation|in a home
security|university|IsA|object that can be held
town|conference|IsA|part of a human
bicycle|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
birds|ground|HasProperty|man made
trash|television|HasProperty|a solid item 
florida|freeway|IsA|place
house|closet|IsA|item of clothing
jar|nails|IsA|school supply
remembering|knowledge|IsA|positive thing
forest|yard|IsA|nation
field|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
homes|workplace|UsedFor|punishing people
wedding|town|HasProperty|a type of home
prison|countryside|IsA|proper noun
garden|house|HasA|head
onions|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
library|museum|CapableOf|have people go inside
machine|barn|UsedFor|communication
museum|shelf|MadeOf|wood
playground|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
boat|wall|IsA|ceremony
sink|toilet|CapableOf|can you drink it
music|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
lamp|shop|IsA|study room
exercising|motion|AtLocation|on the body
cupboard|basement|HasA|door
plate|table|CapableOf|be consumed
kitchen|wall|MadeOf|wood
sewer|outside|IsA|room
knowledge|hunger|IsA|emotion
fox|california|IsA|us state
television|corner|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
canada|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
highway|trunk|CapableOf|be lived in
corner|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
conference|town|UsedFor|buying food
park|closet|AtLocation|on the map
discovery|cut|IsA|colorful
classroom|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
theater|conference|IsA|type of room
inside|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
street|michigan|IsA|building
detroit|workplace|IsA|place you visit
field|bearing|UsedFor|farmers 
party|television|IsA|building
mountains|outside|IsA|place
kitchen|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
waterfall|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
pizza|pantry|IsA|location or room
band|battle|MadeOf|by man
continent|town|IsA|specific place
trauma|problems|IsA|emotion
office|apartment|HasProperty|a type of building
ocean|sea|AtLocation|inland
street|freeway|HasA|people living on
museum|library|HasProperty|religious
house|demonstration|UsedFor|student
paperwork|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
weather|street|AtLocation|at america
toilet|ocean|CapableOf|can you drink it
home|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
sorrow|problems|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
excitement|favors|IsA|physical emotion
beach|light|MadeOf|wood
table|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
valley|stream|IsA|natural thing
carrots|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
bathroom|building|HasA|airplanes
jar|action|IsA|thing you have on person
hallway|basement|IsA|type of room
human|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
love|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
teacher|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
loft|closet|CapableOf|part  of a household
change|action|CapableOf|hold objects
garden|playground|AtLocation|outside
medium|glass|CapableOf|be used as transport 
countryside|pond|IsA|nature-related
switzerland|tennessee|MadeOf|country
cage|field|IsA|place
table|roof|CapableOf|be found in a house
performing|cut|CapableOf|fly
television|attic|HasProperty|a household item
remembering|trauma|IsA|negative thing
picture|table|AtLocation|library
utensils|stamps|CapableOf|be held in your hands
happiness|laughter|IsA|verb
tent|earth|IsA|place you buy food
couch|computer|UsedFor|work
skin|opera|HasProperty|an event
lamp|restaurant|UsedFor|work
park|lights|UsedFor|music
thinking|action|IsA|physical state
beach|restaurant|IsA|country
switzerland|canada|MadeOf|plastic
television|woods|IsA|room in a property
montana|god|IsA|place of religion
condiments|onions|IsA|type of food
sea|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
russia|field|UsedFor|food
classroom|kitchen|IsA|room in a property
table|nails|CapableOf|be eaten
city|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
couch|heaven|UsedFor|travel
house|ground|PartOf|glass
museum|garage|HasProperty|a room
closet|table|UsedFor|storage
beach|bearing|UsedFor|farmers 
working|teaching|IsA|negative emotion
store|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
funeral|box|IsA|room in a home
suburbs|prison|IsA|place
opera|classroom|IsA|location
loft|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
barn|building|IsA|music related event
ocean|sea|IsA|place that humans can swim
god|imagination|UsedFor|praying
canada|outside|MadeOf|plastic
apartment|school|CapableOf|fly
floor|furniture|AtLocation|in home
table|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
cave|school|IsA|place to live
pain|sorrow|IsA|feeling/emotion
dust|ground|HasA|opening or door
change|bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
refrigerator|refrigerators|HasProperty|used for meals
sun|control|HasA|movie
sunshine|desktop|HasProperty|hot
river|bay|HasA|water
cupboard|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
map|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
college|house|IsA|building
forest|town|IsA|place people work and live
suburb|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
india|california|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
lightning|pride|CapableOf|cause pain
lemur|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
beach|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
rug|loft|CapableOf|sleep on it
airport|home|IsA|object that can be held
toilet|stadium|UsedFor|washing
fun|car|HasA|positive connotation
container|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
jail|porch|IsA|1 syllable  word
countryside|playground|IsA|place you visit often
mexico|pond|AtLocation|outside
mouse|restaurant|IsA|furniture
seattle|forest|HasProperty|related to water falling
alabama|louisiana|IsA|state in uk
florida|theater|IsA|place to be entertained
restaurant|kitchen|IsA|furniture
desk|telephone|AtLocation|inside someone's home
demonstration|war|HasA|exterior walls
closet|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
classroom|conference|IsA|object
pot|can|UsedFor|storing things in
montana|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
junk|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
park|countryside|AtLocation|outside
wedding|apartment|HasProperty|alive
chair|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
fun|favors|IsA|verb
cupboard|outside|IsA|place to store items
montana|church|HasProperty|an event
suburb|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
beach|building|HasA|properties of any kind
rock|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
countryside|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
nest|roof|IsA|living thing
funeral|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
junk|television|IsA|place
warehouse|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
chair|hope|MadeOf|energy
performing|lightning|CapableOf|fly
defeat|injuries|IsA|positive card
jar|pantry|UsedFor|storage
clothing|table|UsedFor|reading
attic|cellar|AtLocation|within a building's structure
cupboard|trunk|UsedFor|storage
information|library|HasProperty|a solid item 
desk|chair|IsA|religious card
backyard|park|MadeOf|fiber
shoe|blanket|AtLocation|inside a house
bathroom|supermarket|CapableOf|be opened/closed
loft|roof|CapableOf|sleeping
suburb|city|HasProperty|a country
park|ground|CapableOf|laugh
purse|jar|CapableOf|hold objects
smiles|laughter|UsedFor|hobbies
school|museum|AtLocation|indoors
microwave|home|IsA|part of a property
depression|crying|IsA|negative feeling
glass|snow|HasProperty|hot
country|town|IsA|specific place
town|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
house|room|UsedFor|driving
film|table|IsA|dish
cabinet|disneyland|IsA|place to make food
bed|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
montana|beaver|UsedFor|driving 
cupboard|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
sleep|furniture|IsA|store items
gate|connection|IsA|business
beach|building|IsA|place people work and live
austria|himalayas|IsA|location
sugar|house|IsA|room in a building
florida|store|UsedFor|living
body|montana|IsA|place
curtain|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
kitchen|boat|UsedFor|reading
salad|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
stick|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
book|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
demonstration|table|IsA|another word for show
house|bar|IsA|type of building
floor|dust|UsedFor|keeping things inside
corner|table|IsA|room
conference|theater|IsA|commercial browser
motel|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
outside|picture|PartOf|natural scenario
hallway|classroom|UsedFor|car repair
silverware|sink|HasProperty|edible
tent|people|IsA|place
container|jar|UsedFor|storage
bathtub|rug|CapableOf|sleep on it
indiana|england|IsA|place
restaurant|college|HasA|pool
movies|box|UsedFor|eating
stomach|sink|HasProperty|edible
trunk|closet|UsedFor|storage
countryside|windowsill|IsA|living thing
stretch|exercise|HasProperty|usually fast
roof|mountain|IsA|living thing
cabinet|museum|AtLocation|indoors
kitchen|refrigerator|IsA|piece of furniture
cabinet|garage|IsA|room (type)
backpack|food|UsedFor|storage
desert|disneyland|AtLocation|at america
field|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
sun|universe|HasProperty|found in the house
playground|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
airport|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
revelations|thinking|IsA|physical state
bowl|pot|CapableOf|be used with a computer
beach|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
supermarket|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
mouse|sewer|IsA|room in a building
elevator|human|IsA|place you visit
switzerland|mountain|MadeOf|plastic
shoes|table|AtLocation|on the map
desktop|briefcase|HasA|walls
yard|countryside|IsA|animal
garage|safe|UsedFor|car travel
bathroom|home|CapableOf|have people  inside
table|shoes|AtLocation|inside a house
church|house|HasA|fee to visit
food|soup|CapableOf|be eaten
glass|river|UsedFor|transportation
warehouse|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
roof|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
roof|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
microwave|stamps|IsA|dish
thinking|class|HasA|screen
bed|attic|HasProperty|a household item
sleep|attic|IsA|store items
bathroom|skyscraper|UsedFor|travel
roof|airplane|IsA|place to sleep
airport|bedroom|IsA|item of furniture
home|loft|CapableOf|move location
inspiration|stupid|IsA|emotion
passageway|office|IsA|item of clothing
depression|crying|IsA|positive thing
shelf|utensils|MadeOf|food
bathroom|freeway|HasA|airplanes
clouds|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
outdoors|jungle|IsA|place or location
desktop|bedroom|HasProperty|edible
windowsill|carpet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
mouse|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
alcohol|manual|IsA|product that people buy
ground|attic|AtLocation|in the sky
town|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
city|canada|IsA|place
battle|church|IsA|country
outside|cellar|IsA|room in a building
argument|battle|HasProperty|about  clashes
suffering|punch|HasA|punish
restaurant|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
street|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
funeral|library|HasProperty|found in a house
happiness|enjoyment|IsA|something considered as positive
trunk|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
bathroom|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
shock|sorrow|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
ocean|river|HasA|water
pocket|classroom|IsA|school supply
headache|cleanliness|MadeOf|pause
sunshine|sunbathers|IsA|place
tent|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
confession|synagogue|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
table|jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
office|closet|AtLocation|with water
excitement|fun|IsA|verb
apartment|kitchen|HasA|usually have people inside
stuff|stamps|IsA|1 syllable word
families|funeral|IsA|place
furniture|toronto|PartOf|house
clouds|dust|CapableOf|make sounds
magazine|home|UsedFor|cooling
pain|crying|UsedFor|manifesting joy
shelf|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
roof|countryside|IsA|living thing
government|corporation|HasA|movie
library|synagogue|IsA|building
cat|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
exercise|stretch|HasA|m at the beginning
field|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
bed|bathroom|UsedFor|travel
refrigerator|ficus|IsA|looks like house
computer|garden|HasA|wheels
cupboard|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
woods|countryside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
carnival|conference|IsA|place or location
town|opera|HasProperty|part of a human
encyclopedia|library|IsA|book
understanding|discovery|IsA|physical state
furniture|sleep|IsA|store items
sunshine|park|IsA|vacation destination
groceries|sink|UsedFor|storage 
buildings|supermarket|HasProperty|a gathering place
greenhouse|house|PartOf|glass
magazine|library|CapableOf|store
butterflies|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
forest|freeway|IsA|place
closet|corner|HasA|wheels
apartment|jail|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
home|castle|IsA|fancy
desk|carpet|UsedFor|building the structure of house
house|rain|IsA|car
garage|house|UsedFor|storing things inside
paperwork|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
attic|closet|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
table|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
dog|rosebush|IsA|place or location
hospital|lamp|IsA|study room
skin|body|HasProperty|an event
basement|garage|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
kitchen|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
basement|street|IsA|place or location
corner|house|IsA|study room
library|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
can|container|HasProperty|a beverage
kitchen|corner|MadeOf|wood
god|synagogue|IsA|religious card
enjoyment|agreement|IsA|verb
kitchen|countryside|CapableOf|be currently visited
cinema|conference|IsA|location
cellar|warehouse|PartOf|house
commercial|sloth|MadeOf|water
homes|bar|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
store|park|HasProperty|man made
shelf|table|HasProperty|edible
town|city|UsedFor|over night stays 
apartment|party|HasA|usually have people inside
bubblegum|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
microwave|car|HasA|use electricity
windowsill|ground|AtLocation|outside
city|tennessee|UsedFor|food
suburbs|california|IsA|place
outdoors|forest|IsA|natural thing
discipline|exercising|AtLocation|on the body
butterflies|pride|IsA|colorful
boxes|container|IsA|structure or building
pantry|supermarket|HasA|roof
cupboard|cabinet|IsA|place to make food
ground|clouds|CapableOf|show films
ground|clouds|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
book|class|HasA|screen
dictionary|library|CapableOf|be used virtually 
wisconsin|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
problems|depression|IsA|positive thing
water|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
school|house|IsA|in a home
sweetness|suffering|IsA|emotion
clothing|throne|UsedFor|learning
apartment|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
dust|closet|IsA|place for clothes
airport|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
theater|skin|IsA|house where man live
burger|container|IsA|location or room
potatoes|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
confusion|stress|IsA|five-letter word
trash|box|CapableOf|be held in your hands
hotel|hospital|IsA|place
bowl|film|IsA|something found in a household
country|trouble|IsA|concept or place
cut|pride|IsA|emotion
communication|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
kitchen|pot|IsA|furniture
dust|attic|HasProperty|found inside a house
bicycle|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
excitement|stress|IsA|negative emotion
shelf|house|IsA|inanimate object
castle|couch|UsedFor|travel
backyard|canada|AtLocation|outside
kitchen|pantry|HasA|store edible items
trunk|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
town|building|IsA|nation
corner|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
library|floor|UsedFor|cooling
kitchen|library|MadeOf|wood
garden|movie|IsA|place people can meet
car|automobile|HasA|four wheels
montana|tent|IsA|place
bar|michigan|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
supermarket|people|HasProperty|an event
mountains|park|HasProperty|somewhere to go
cupboard|cabinet|HasA|doors
problems|hunger|IsA|emotion
workplace|human|IsA|country
clothing|shelf|MadeOf|food
cellar|cupboard|IsA|food
building|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
sea|sun|IsA|place
library|television|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
cupboard|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
loft|temple|CapableOf|move location
imagination|conference|IsA|religious card
synagogue|people|HasProperty|part of a human
butterflies|reflection|HasA|physical appearance
knowledge|library|IsA|part media
embarrassment|love|IsA|sad emotion
restaurant|stomach|HasProperty|edible
party|bed|AtLocation|on the map
woods|forest|IsA|natural thing
body|town|IsA|place
information|class|IsA|place to study
pantry|jar|UsedFor|storage 
accomplishment|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
garbage|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
mexico|countryside|IsA|nature-related
hallway|bar|IsA|room in a property
backpack|box|CapableOf|be eaten
wall|desktop|UsedFor|storage
nebraska|valley|IsA|building
learning|enjoyment|IsA|activity
cup|stove|CapableOf|store things
lightning|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
forest|rain|IsA|popular attraction
field|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
party|restaurants|HasProperty|associated with drinking
classroom|supermarket|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
movies|television|IsA|place
garage|church|AtLocation|within a building's structure
bridge|wisconsin|CapableOf|be walked on
hospital|restaurant|IsA|building
tile|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
washington|field|IsA|object
outside|picture|MadeOf|plastic
hospital|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
cage|sloth|UsedFor|keeping animals
shelf|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
forest|air|IsA|type of place
table|garden|MadeOf|wood
safe|class|HasProperty|a meal
store|refrigerator|CapableOf|be opened/closed
concert|bathroom|IsA|object that can be held
apartment|church|IsA|building
canada|ontario|MadeOf|sand mostly
motel|telephone|IsA|study room
roof|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
notebook|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
prison|beaver|CapableOf|be read
arkansas|tennessee|IsA|state in uk
wall|people|IsA|home appliance
exchange|theater|IsA|room in a house
park|joy|MadeOf|golden
jungle|outdoors|IsA|place or location
knowledge|library|HasA|screen
exercising|effort|HasProperty|tiring
table|drawer|HasProperty|furniture
aquarium|waterfall|HasA|3 letters
chocolate|jar|IsA|event
container|kitchens|IsA|piece of furniture
church|skin|HasProperty|an event
bus|office|IsA|country or state
stamps|plate|IsA|furniture
store|ground|HasProperty|used at meal time
cupboard|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
restaurant|building|IsA|nation
nature|junk|HasProperty|a household item
kitchen|garage|IsA|furniture
pride|anxiety|IsA|colorful
embarrassment|sorrow|IsA|feeling/emotion
wall|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
stream|woods|IsA|natural thing
ground|room|HasProperty|white
glasses|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
office|bar|IsA|building 
restaurant|garden|MadeOf|wood
song|choir|IsA|tv show
rosebush|park|UsedFor|work
kitchen|container|IsA|piece of furniture
reflection|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
countryside|montana|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
floor|library|UsedFor|cooling
bank|cage|IsA|animal
sloth|stream|IsA|place
magazine|drawer|IsA|physical item 
room|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
desktop|cabinet|AtLocation|indoors
revelations|discovery|UsedFor|seeking an answer
notes|house|UsedFor|happiness
plate|condiments|HasA|store edible items
window|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
bed|garage|PartOf|house
yard|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
apartment|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
rug|floor|HasA|ceiling
clothing|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
bank|wilderness|UsedFor|holding animals
theater|city|UsedFor|music
television|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
conference|mansion|UsedFor| gathering together
museum|outside|MadeOf|wood
computer|television|UsedFor|worship
countryside|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
yard|house|MadeOf|sand
desk|shelf|UsedFor|storage of physical items
region|world|PartOf|the continent 
store|gate|IsA|public place
garden|trees|CapableOf|be part of a house
storage|attic|AtLocation|in united states
food|jar|IsA|event
ocean|bridge|CapableOf|store small items
classroom|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
field|ground|IsA|natural product or man made
dinner|head|PartOf|the human body
store|house|IsA|public place
office|pocket|IsA|school supply
arguments|joy|PartOf|city
university|classroom|IsA|location
table|shelf|HasProperty|edible
encyclopedia|class|HasA|screen
love|church|IsA|country
program|garden|UsedFor|worship
suit|throne|IsA|place people can meet
windowsill|greenhouse|HasA|head
discovery|pride|IsA|negative emotion
yard|mexico|IsA|nature-related
roof|plants|HasA|head
table|desk|MadeOf|plastic
funeral|park|UsedFor|music
tears|field|IsA|noun
table|classroom|IsA|necessity for education
forest|countryside|IsA|country
doctor|factory|IsA|country
freeway|california|CapableOf|be read
god|montana|UsedFor|praying
table|drawer|CapableOf|be easily carried
mexico|pond|IsA|nature-related
store|teacher|IsA|place where students learn
trunk|closet|IsA|made of wood
office|cabinet|CapableOf|be used for travel
closet|warehouse|UsedFor|storing physical things
movie|cabinet|IsA|something you eat off
restaurant|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
film|table|IsA|piece of furniture
airplane|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
movie|film|IsA|piece of furniture
town|theater|IsA|planet
city|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
table|roof|MadeOf|wood
city|park|IsA|place
house|bedroom|IsA|item of clothing
hospital|connection|IsA|business
conference|church|IsA|place
town|countryside|IsA|country
cellar|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
meeting|information|IsA|thing you can touch
toilet|jar|MadeOf|organic material
concert|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
listening|learning|IsA|something specific
buildings|conference|IsA|location
playground|park|IsA|place people work and live
television|junk|HasProperty|a household item
park|house|HasProperty|a place you can work
demonstration|doctor|UsedFor|furniture
funeral|theater|UsedFor|music
library|building|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
clouds|ground|IsA|place in a house
trash|bearing|MadeOf|metal or plastic
passageway|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
backyard|park|IsA|nation
city|suburb|HasA|buildings in it
groceries|cabinet|HasA|roof
jail|library|CapableOf|store
suburbs|prison|IsA|man-made thing
families|candy|IsA|public building
briefcase|map|IsA|building
library|bedroom|IsA|type /part of building
garden|closet|HasA|feet to stand 
crying|nightmares|HasProperty|typically positive
field|tears|MadeOf|one syllable
continent|boat|HasA|water
store|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
salad|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
air|party|UsedFor|driving
bathroom|bank|HasProperty|mainly used for sleeping
moon|toilet|PartOf|kitchen
desktop|pocket|CapableOf|be used virtually 
rug|roof|IsA|building
garage|cat|HasProperty|an animal
nest|beach|CapableOf|fly
picture|outside|IsA|country or state name
attic|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
restaurant|box|IsA|part of the body
refrigerator|condiments|AtLocation|in a house
countryside|suburbs|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
colorado|france|IsA|activity 
plate|stuff|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
moon|house|CapableOf|store small items
death|sleeping|HasProperty|negative in human sense
love|excitement|IsA|activity
pantry|home|CapableOf|be moved around
house|street|IsA|state
silverware|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
wilderness|boat|HasA|water
countryside|garden|HasA|walls
competing|effort|IsA|positive card
car|shelf|HasA|doors
battle|jail|IsA|country
container|can|MadeOf|metal
furniture|bed|HasProperty|found in a house
hotel|candy|IsA|part of the body
barn|peanuts|UsedFor|travel
bathroom|farmyard|PartOf|a house/home
forest|pond|AtLocation|outside
backyard|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
bar|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
plate|stuff|UsedFor|eating
street|field|IsA|stone
trees|pond|IsA|country
chicken|water|UsedFor|eating or drinking
onions|condiments|IsA|type of food
computer|concert|UsedFor|worship
roof|windowsill|PartOf|house
closet|container|IsA|type of business
trees|backyard|IsA|nation
ocean|hospital|IsA|place to live
apartment|church|IsA|place
valley|pond|HasA|water
disneyland|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
city|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
theater|cinema|HasProperty|a gathering place
birds|countryside|HasProperty|man made
florida|maine|IsA|us state
shed|closet|IsA|place to pray
theater|city|IsA| event
pond|bay|HasA|water
fingernails|dirt|IsA|bodypart
opera|supermarket|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
disneyland|wallet|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|apartment|IsA|type /part of building
library|dictionary|IsA|book
punishment|anger|UsedFor|punish
dinner|library|IsA|physical tangible object
cleanliness|arguments|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
wall|desktop|CapableOf|be found in a house
problems|nightmares|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
elevator|person|CapableOf|be heard
carpet|roof|IsA|home appliance
nature|woods|MadeOf|trees
dinner|utensils|IsA|piece of furniture
court|palace|UsedFor|sport
computer|museum|HasProperty|a room
problems|pleasure|IsA|emotion
room|street|HasProperty|white
condiments|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
bowl|porch|IsA|building
outdoors|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
switzerland|pennsylvania|HasA|city inside
bubblegum|purse|IsA|place you can visit
forest|arctic|PartOf|city
laughter|dancing|IsA|something considered as positive
trees|leaves|IsA|man made thing
office|ocean|IsA|country or state
discipline|stretch|HasProperty|tiring
dust|closet|IsA|place in a house
anxiety|pride|CapableOf|fly
utensils|table|UsedFor|storage
clock|speaker|MadeOf|wood
dreams|erections|AtLocation|usually in a bed
city|ocean|AtLocation|on a map
bar|supermarket|CapableOf|be entered
backpack|desk|UsedFor|eating
wedding|cinema|HasProperty|alive
cellar|basement|UsedFor|storage
seattle|rain|IsA|popular attraction
basement|air|IsA|car
like|communication|IsA|verb
army|country|IsA|concept or place
shelf|desktop|IsA|necessity for education
entertainment|discomfort|IsA|emotion
basement|ceiling|IsA|car
remembering|shock|PartOf|mental disorder
airport|library|IsA|room or building
bedroom|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
city|government|IsA|place
cupboard|drawer|IsA|furniture
cabinet|stamps|UsedFor|eating
cave|ocean|IsA|place to live
homes|library|IsA|place where people work
street|wallet|UsedFor|living
garage|soup|IsA|physical item 
mail|bag|IsA|room in a home
desert|arctic|IsA|type of land
junk|floor|IsA|store items
pain|problems|HasProperty|linked to food
desert|sky|IsA|natural thing
telephone|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
apartment|church|UsedFor|buying food
hotel|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
ocean|human|UsedFor|storing things
drawer|bed|HasProperty|an animal
restaurant|desktop|HasProperty|edible
garage|museum|HasA|usually have people inside
airport|hospital|IsA|business
earth|theater|UsedFor|learning
chairs|carpet|UsedFor|furnishing a house
maine|texas|HasA|border with an ocean
lamp|party|IsA|n electronic device
dentist|doctor|IsA|room or building
closet|passageway|UsedFor|reading books
synagogue|confession|IsA|mental place
store|rug|CapableOf|sleep on it
drawer|disneyland|IsA|dish
supermarket|conference|HasProperty|a gathering place
meeting|internet|CapableOf|be alive
building|gate|HasA|airplanes
supermarket|chocolate|IsA|event
bar|pantry|IsA|type of business
human|park|IsA|country
store|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
depression|dream|IsA|negative feeling
kitchens|container|HasProperty|a beverage
liquid|container|UsedFor|drinking 
castle|school|UsedFor|travel
trunk|chair|HasA|four wheels
pleasure|hunger|MadeOf|wood
band|factory|IsA|country
smiles|enjoyment|IsA|verb
bowl|food|UsedFor|storage
house|gymnasium|IsA|in a home
encyclopedia|pocket|IsA|necessity for education
house|church|HasA|fee to visit
backyard|pond|CapableOf|be man made
pot|disneyland|IsA|place to make food
attic|hope|MadeOf|energy
store|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
office|tile|IsA|building
table|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
passageway|gate|HasA|airplanes
sloth|magazine|IsA|place
television|attic|IsA|store items
wall|ceiling|CapableOf|show you time
yard|roof|IsA|part of nature
wilderness|countryside|IsA|proper noun
countryside|restaurant|IsA|country
furniture|loft|HasA|ceiling
skin|body|HasProperty|part of a human
cabinet|map|IsA|place of learning
burrow|outside|IsA|place
town|cinema|IsA|location
exercise|effort|HasProperty|usually fast
president|trouble|CapableOf|place
television|newspaper|AtLocation|in a store
drinking|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
refrigerator|dishwasher|IsA|place to make food
waterfall|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
freeway|airport|HasA|beds
closet|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
wilderness|hole|IsA|animal
pantry|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
oven|plate|AtLocation|in a house
convention|tent|IsA|commercial browser
garden|bathroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
shelf|closet|UsedFor|to keep items
cabinet|drawer|MadeOf|wood
rain|room|IsA|car
opera|dance|CapableOf|be heard
shed|church|PartOf|house
heaven|detroit|PartOf|house 
house|speaker|IsA|inanimate object
france|america|AtLocation|labeled on a map
bus|michigan|AtLocation|on a map
encyclopedia|head|IsA|part media
pocket|book|IsA|building
bathroom|nest|HasProperty|man-made
elevator|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
lightning|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
town|bridge|HasProperty|made by humans
arkansas|louisiana|IsA|state in uk
nebraska|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
glass|drawer|IsA|furniture 
university|garage|AtLocation|within a building's structure
wedding|conference|UsedFor|living inside of
city|freeway|CapableOf|be read
fun|street|IsA|place
inside|street|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
bar|room|CapableOf|be entered
information|television|MadeOf|people gathering together
shop|library|IsA|n electronic device
fun|entertaining|IsA|enjoyable
kitchen|bedroom|HasProperty|able to be entered
fun|closet|IsA|mode of transportation
kitchen|refrigerators|HasA|empty space in it
pen|pencils|UsedFor|writing
person|dance|CapableOf|be heard
performing|cut|CapableOf|cause pain
key|purse|HasA|function
refrigerators|oven|MadeOf|metal
class|meeting|IsA|place people can meet
office|apartment|IsA|ceremony
desk|film|IsA|something found in a household
conference|clock|MadeOf|a natural material
earth|town|HasProperty|part of a human
michigan|garage|CapableOf|work
museum|library|UsedFor|education
human|workplace|IsA|country
person|confusion|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
elevator|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
bubblegum|key|IsA|thing you have on person
shock|controversy|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
restaurant|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
classroom|apartment|UsedFor|car repair
cabinet|disneyland|HasProperty|found below ground level
punishment|sweetness|HasA|punish
cat|fleas|HasA|animal
refrigerator|jar|IsA|  place
garden|church|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
casino|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
confession|god|IsA|mental place
montana|conference|IsA|part of a human
canada|country|IsA|place
book|library|HasProperty|related to studying
car|party|PartOf|food and drink
nails|office|IsA|piece of furniture
plants|shelf|UsedFor|at home
garage|university|IsA|place
garden|office|IsA|object that can be held
suburbs|suburb|IsA|state
apartment|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
trunk|drawer|MadeOf|wood
pain|problems|IsA|positive thing
supermarket|wallet|UsedFor|living
beach|michigan|IsA|living thing
suburbs|india|IsA|place
porch|pot|CapableOf|be used with a computer
television|families|IsA|event
opera|earth|IsA|house where man live
dishwasher|dog|AtLocation|inside a house
paper|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
buildings|wedding|HasProperty|alive
hunger|trauma|IsA|emotion
library|internet|HasProperty|a publication
drawer|magazine|IsA|physical item 
countryside|box|IsA|living thing
cabinet|refrigerator|UsedFor|reading
frisbee|plants|UsedFor|throwing
apartment|supermarket|CapableOf| be moved
building|wall|MadeOf|wood
opera|body|IsA|place
car|box|AtLocation|on the map
wedding|theater|UsedFor|buying food
pantry|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
wallet|key|UsedFor|living
lamp|hallway|IsA|car
agreement|communication|IsA|verb
bar|restaurants|CapableOf|be closed
library|apartment|IsA|building
chair|desktop|IsA|necessity for education
mountain|pennsylvania|MadeOf|rocks
school|garage|HasA|fee to visit
cellar|shed|IsA|place to pray
ground|ficus|IsA|looks like house
synagogue|apartment|IsA|social event
drawer|cabinet|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
street|rock|AtLocation|outside
town|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
mountains|bridge|IsA|living/once living
mansion|apartment|HasProperty|alive
food|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
mouse|cellar|IsA|room
class|encyclopedia|HasProperty|related to studying
house|hotel|CapableOf|hold people against their will
room|cellar|IsA|place
plants|greenhouse|AtLocation|outside
dishwasher|bed|AtLocation|on the map
countryside|forest|CapableOf|be part of a house
punishment|punch|IsA|emotion
church|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
bowl|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
bank|field|IsA|place
roof|temple|AtLocation|in your room
chocolate|box|IsA|public building
roof|michigan|IsA|living thing
cave|maze|IsA|public place
wedding|television|IsA|place
classroom|theater|IsA|ceremony
drawer|floor|IsA|furniture 
church|circus|UsedFor|praying
desert|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
war|germany|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
cave|bathroom|HasA|airplanes
museum|house|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
outside|canada|MadeOf|plastic
california|rosebush|MadeOf|fiber
skin|opera|IsA|house where man live
cabinet|pot|AtLocation|inside a house
kitchen|furniture|HasProperty|found in a house
home|concert|IsA|object that can be held
ground|shelf|HasProperty|used at meal time
suburb|street|IsA|part of a municipality
discovery|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
fox|louisiana|IsA|state in uk
meeting|head|IsA|place to study
food|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
roof|garden|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
playground|yard|UsedFor|children to play
jail|newspaper|UsedFor|studying in
purse|change|IsA|place you can visit
reflection|action|IsA|emotion
apartment|room|UsedFor|sleeping
subdivision|newspaper|IsA|state
skin|headache|IsA|emotion
kitchen|garage|IsA|place to store items
rock|painting|HasA|outdoor scenery
oven|sink|HasA|edible items for sale
water|ocean|UsedFor|link between places
beach|forest|IsA|living thing
mouse|house|IsA|room
funeral|school|PartOf|the human body
yard|mexico|IsA|country
dinner|coffee|UsedFor|eating
closet|airport|IsA|item of clothing
performing|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
chair|junk|PartOf|house
workplace|homes|HasProperty|child friendly
picture|burrow|IsA|country or state name
church|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
park|detroit|IsA|place you visit
person|assessment|UsedFor|announcing something
newspaper|drawer|IsA|room or building
confusion|stress|IsA|negative emotion
cat|floor|HasProperty|a household item
roof|garden|HasProperty|man made
bed|chair|IsA|place
safe|dinner|IsA|part media
skin|tent|IsA|house where man live
meeting|college|IsA|object
table|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
restaurant|building|HasA|properties of any kind
windowsill|attic|AtLocation|in the sky
detroit|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
jail|alcohol|IsA|product that people buy
rug|floor|CapableOf|sleeping
classroom|bathroom|IsA|object that can be held
jar|toilet|HasProperty|a building
roof|kitchen|IsA|place to sleep
salad|potatoes|IsA|food
store|casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
city|valley|IsA|business that serves food
house|party|UsedFor|driving
garden|church|UsedFor|work
birds|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
bar|kitchen|PartOf|business
fun|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
montana|town|UsedFor|camping
army|canada|IsA|place
conference|town|UsedFor|putting on a show
garage|junk|IsA|store items
michigan|windowsill|HasProperty|man-made
windowsill|wilderness|MadeOf|trees
refrigerator|clouds|IsA|product that people buy
regret|joy|IsA|mental state
jail|workplace|IsA|place
house|school|UsedFor|washing
magazines|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
bathroom|town|IsA|location
funeral|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
bag|shed|UsedFor|storing physical things
park|movies|IsA|place you can visit
manual|party|UsedFor|driving
chair|office|PartOf|house
enjoyment|smiles|UsedFor|hobbies
company|connection|AtLocation|library
windowsill|forest|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
performing|injury|IsA|emotion
house|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
home|groceries|CapableOf|be moved around
table|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
bed|garage|HasProperty|an animal
floor|sky|IsA|item of furniture
store|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
bedroom|office|IsA|type /part of building
michigan|bus|AtLocation|on a map
cup|plate|IsA|type of room in houses
boat|pool|IsA|physical item 
refrigerator|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
dance|person|PartOf|building
antarctica|corner|MadeOf|wood
trash|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
disneyland|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
lightning|fear|IsA|colorful
plate|stove|CapableOf|store things
park|sea|IsA|place
forest|building|IsA|place people work and live
hole|wilderness|IsA|animal
opera|earth|IsA|place
case|box|MadeOf|wood
birds|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
airport|work|HasA|use electricity
newspaper|subdivision|IsA|state
table|jail|UsedFor|cooling
library|office|UsedFor|a holiday
food|oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
michigan|canada|AtLocation|on a map
meeting|church|AtLocation|in a building
laughter|agreement|IsA|emotion
kitchen|hallway|IsA|room in a property
apartment|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
outdoors|park|IsA|place or location
nails|briefcase|IsA|piece of furniture
cabinet|kitchen|AtLocation|in a building
university|idaho|IsA|place you can visit
notebook|map|HasA|walls
dreams|sleeping|IsA|physical object
workplace|factory|IsA|place
table|pantry|AtLocation|indoors
safe|information|UsedFor|studying
furniture|cat|IsA|store items
city|suburbs|HasProperty|a country
desert|beach|HasProperty|hot
garden|garage|AtLocation|in united states
burger|cheese|IsA|type of food
ground|sun|HasProperty|white
toilet|house|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
glass|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
room|loft|IsA|private space
park|dog|AtLocation|on the map
theater|montana|HasProperty|part of a human
restaurant|museum|IsA|type of building
pantry|basement|HasA|roof
work|company|HasA|airplanes
river|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
tent|wedding|IsA|house where man live
basement|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
ocean|floor|HasProperty|a type of building
alcohol|house|IsA|product that people buy
conference|montana|IsA|n item of furniture
car|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
table|refrigerator|AtLocation|indoors
outside|tree|PartOf|house
manual|dictionary|UsedFor|viewing/reading
church|closet|AtLocation|within a building's structure
manual|house|UsedFor|driving
restaurant|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
seattle|disneyland|IsA|geographic location
continent|country|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
chair|attic|HasProperty|found in the house
internet|town|HasProperty|a type of home
apartment|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
garden|river|IsA|small area
windowsill|sea|HasProperty|hot
headache|arguments|MadeOf|pause
nails|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
garage|animals|PartOf|the human body
airplane|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
basement|water|IsA|car
boat|window|MadeOf|wood
restaurant|park|HasA|properties of any kind
university|bathroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
university|office|IsA|object that can be held
instruction|sleep|IsA|emotion
office|airport|HasProperty|able to be entered
key|action|UsedFor|living
map|backpack|CapableOf|be used for travel
sewer|mouse|IsA|room
michigan|homes|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
theater|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
junk|television|HasProperty|an animal
table|bed|IsA|wooden object 
kitchen|kitchens|IsA|piece of furniture
outdoors|canada|AtLocation|outside
car|fun|AtLocation|within a building's structure
radio|telephone|IsA|electronic device
performing|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
outside|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
utensils|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
fun|tears|IsA|activity
book|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
table|dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
favors|happiness|IsA|verb
classroom|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
encyclopedia|television|IsA|physical tangible object
defeat|stress|HasA|physical element
box|park|AtLocation|on the map
bicycle|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
park|food|IsA|public building
ocean|hospital|IsA|item of clothing
party|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
battlefield|school|PartOf|the human body
desert|seattle|IsA|geographic location
store|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
wall|building|MadeOf|wood
food|refrigerator|IsA|  place
favors|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
inside|basement|IsA|place or location
trunk|can|MadeOf|metal
program|electricity|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
switzerland|canada|IsA|location
club|clothing|UsedFor|learning
garage|computer|AtLocation|in a building
pond|garden|IsA|nation
like|fun|IsA|verb
idaho|university|IsA|place you can visit
storage|building|CapableOf|be made with bricks
cabinet|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
mountain|nest|CapableOf|fly
disneyland|container|HasProperty|used for meals
apartment|house|UsedFor|living in
theater|wall|MadeOf|wood
trunk|table|MadeOf|wood
trouble|floor|PartOf|house
table|stove|HasProperty|used for meals
plate|container|AtLocation|in a house
cabinet|pocket|CapableOf|be used for travel
suburbs|house|UsedFor|transportation
good|germany|PartOf|building
closet|shoes|UsedFor|indoor activities
supermarket|money|UsedFor|living
injuries|battle|IsA|positive card
cellar|store|IsA|food
drawer|car|HasProperty|an object
sleeping|erections|AtLocation|usually in a bed
theater|conference|HasProperty|a gathering place
plate|bread|IsA|location or room
books|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
rug|furniture|UsedFor|decoration
junk|bed|HasProperty|a household item
countryside|beach|IsA|living thing
wilderness|countryside|MadeOf|trees
pain|trauma|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
beer|bottle|UsedFor|storing things in
talk|relaxation|IsA|action
cabinet|movie|IsA|something you eat off
mouth|building|CapableOf|be attended
moon|water|IsA|car
restaurant|classroom|IsA|room
bottle|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
table|opera|UsedFor|work
conference|theater|IsA|house where man live
city|desert|IsA|state
sky|creek|IsA|natural thing
beach|nest|CapableOf|fly
knowledge|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
nature|valley|IsA|natural thing
theater|opera|UsedFor| gathering together
hospital|bar|IsA|building
bathtub|furniture|HasProperty|found in a house
classroom|wedding|UsedFor|living inside of
television|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
shelf|bottle|UsedFor|storing things in
corner|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
trouble|chair|IsA|place
synagogue|town|HasProperty|an event
montana|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
europe|club|UsedFor|learning
funeral|television|IsA|place
accomplishment|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
outside|sugar|HasProperty|found below ground level
oven|pantry|AtLocation|in a house
stupid|discomfort|HasA|positive connotation
bar|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
forest|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
cellar|bathroom|CapableOf| be moved
action|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
apartment|boat|IsA|ceremony
suburbs|driveway|HasProperty|a location
hotel|library|HasA|pool
hospital|closet|UsedFor|a holiday
sun|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
suburbs|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
garden|sky|IsA|part of nature
kitchen|condiments|HasProperty|used for meals
closet|attic|PartOf|house
field|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
store|sky|IsA|living thing
light|beach|AtLocation|as part of a house
bicycle|closet|IsA|place
problems|shock|IsA|negative thing
refrigerator|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
apartment|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
stomach|shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
building|person|IsA|sound
outdoors|mexico|AtLocation|outside
stretch|exercising|HasA|m at the beginning
silence|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
dictionary|pocket|CapableOf|be held with one hand
trash|mouse|IsA|building
box|ballpark|HasA|connection to food
nails|teacher|UsedFor|carrying things
desktop|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be used virtually 
shelf|table|IsA|necessity for education
paperwork|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
argument|enemies|HasProperty|about negative conflict
store|cupboard|CapableOf|be opened/closed
connection|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
anxiety|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
embarrassment|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
allergies|arguments|MadeOf|nature
hotel|box|CapableOf|be eaten
butterflies|cut|IsA|negative emotion
desert|arctic|IsA|popular attraction
furniture|bathtub|IsA|ceremony
office|hospital|UsedFor|a holiday
street|park|IsA|place
park|outdoors|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
antarctica|barnyard|IsA|animal
kitchen|bedroom|PartOf|house
car|store|IsA|made of wood
clothing|bed|UsedFor|reading 
manual|desk|IsA|necessity for education
dust|paint|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
jar|box|IsA|public building
subdivision|china|MadeOf|sand
nails|kitchen|AtLocation|in a home
country|world|IsA|continent
park|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere to go
town|china|IsA|residential area
bed|porch|UsedFor|reading
chair|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
cleanliness|arguments|PartOf|city
telephone|party|IsA|building 
outside|wall|UsedFor|storage
mess|tile|AtLocation|with water
movement|effort|HasProperty|tiring
shelf|food|CapableOf|cook
bridge|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
trunk|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
supermarket|bar|MadeOf|metal
desktop|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
furniture|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
clouds|car|IsA|product that people buy
wallet|stamps|UsedFor|storage
attic|garden|CapableOf|be made with bricks
tent|montana|IsA|place you buy food
entertaining|like|IsA|activity
california|australia|CapableOf|be read
meeting|library|CapableOf|be alive
notebook|college|HasProperty|material
restaurants|bar|IsA|public place
pantry|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
bathroom|supermarket|HasA|door
pot|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
market|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
lamp|restaurant|MadeOf|glass
briefcase|jar|IsA|school supply
dictionary|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
candy|chocolate|HasProperty|sweet
attic|garage|AtLocation|in home
music|person|PartOf|building
bed|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
smiles|enjoyment|HasProperty|an emotion
cellar|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
earth|synagogue|IsA|place
montana|park|HasA|ticket box usually
war|animals|PartOf|the human body
lightning|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
palace|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
love|bathroom|IsA|business
knowledge|dinner|IsA|part media
church|ocean|UsedFor|praying
refrigerator|store|CapableOf|be opened/closed
flat|motel|IsA|something you can own
enjoyment|laughter|IsA|verb
box|backpack|AtLocation|in a warehouse
sun|trouble|IsA|book
container|house|HasProperty|found below ground level
floor|furniture|CapableOf|sleeping
market|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
plate|product|CapableOf|be purchased
demonstration|building|AtLocation|at a house
nature|lamp|HasProperty|white
bedroom|outside|IsA|room
water|air|HasProperty|white
kitchen|floor|HasProperty|furniture
thinking|headache|UsedFor|driving
apartment|office|IsA|ceremony
battle|factory|PartOf|man body
montana|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
hotel|supermarket|IsA|event
garage|shelf|MadeOf|wood
container|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
bar|museum|AtLocation|in a building
driveway|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
yard|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
humans|idaho|IsA|drink
container|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
jail|hotel|HasA|usually have people inside
office|library|IsA|type /part of building
city|prison|CapableOf|be read
balloon|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
attic|radio|IsA|place for clothes
reflection|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
bowl|porch|IsA|place to make food
shop|dentist|CapableOf|store
microwave|stamps|IsA|something you eat off
michigan|table|IsA|1 syllable word
china|town|HasProperty|a location
refrigerator|desktop|CapableOf|contain multiple people
junk|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
hole|cage|IsA|country
connection|gate|HasA|airplanes
lamp|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
newspaper|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
television|attic|HasProperty|an animal
security|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
plate|case|IsA|place
washington|montana|IsA|border state
cabinet|shelf|HasProperty|furniture
trouble|control|IsA|book
lightning|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
problems|instruction|MadeOf|wood
kitchen|silverware|HasProperty|edible
coffee|box|CapableOf|be held in your hands
classroom|table|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
library|airport|UsedFor|cooling
ground|shelf|CapableOf|be touched
cupboard|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
meeting|notebook|CapableOf|move
action|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
yard|mountains|HasProperty|somewhere to go
stomach|glass|HasProperty|edible
earth|town|IsA|house where man live
dust|garbage|HasProperty|known as dirty
bar|container|IsA|piece of furniture
church|school|UsedFor|a gathering of people
office|chairs|IsA|type of room
candy|families|IsA|part of the body
nest|store|CapableOf|fly
wilderness|commercial|IsA|animal or book
teaching|satisfaction|IsA|negative emotion
town|body|IsA|house where man live
groceries|trunk|IsA|type of business
box|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
paper|pocket|IsA|building
trunk|clothes|MadeOf|food
magazine|dentist|IsA|room or building
outdoors|town|AtLocation|outside
sink|ocean|UsedFor|eating or drinking
basement|floor|IsA|place or location
museum|classroom|UsedFor|reading
peanuts|carnival|HasA|connection to food
refrigerator|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
burrow|swamp|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
case|desk|IsA|dish
conference|convention|IsA|social event
backpack|pocket|UsedFor|carrying things
party|school|HasA|usually have people inside
internet|library|HasProperty|a publication
food|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
hospital|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
speaker|lamp|AtLocation|in office blocks
store|windowsill|PartOf|physical structure
candy|funeral|IsA|part of the body
desktop|museum|AtLocation|indoors
park|city|CapableOf|have people physically in it
cupboard|market|CapableOf|be sweet
california|apartment|IsA|place people live
india|cage|IsA|animal
sleep|toronto|IsA|animal
store|street|IsA|thing you have on person
town|roadway|IsA|state
park|playground|UsedFor|children to play
smiles|fun|IsA|emotion
knowing|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
ocean|africa|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
synagogue|building|IsA|sound
arguments|headache|MadeOf|golden
can|trunk|IsA|type of business
candy|box|IsA|event
closet|box|UsedFor|storage
potatoes|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
valley|outside|UsedFor|driving on or over
beach|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
tears|field|IsA|emotion
party|room|CapableOf|be entered
aircraft|factory|IsA|country
corner|desktop|IsA|study room
wilderness|desert|IsA|animal
lamp|park|IsA|n electronic device
playground|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
universe|vacuum|PartOf|wood
building|factory|AtLocation|in united states
nails|jar|UsedFor|writing
wallet|cabinet|IsA|something found in a household
boat|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
money|purse|UsedFor|paying for items
shelf|forest|MadeOf|a natural material
suburb|town|IsA|residential area
table|desktop|IsA|necessity for education
garage|bar|HasA|usually have people inside
university|class|IsA|place for students
control|army|IsA|concept or place
table|shelf|HasProperty|made of wood
motion|effort|CapableOf|cause injury
library|books|UsedFor|reading
garage|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
shelf|house|MadeOf|food
corner|ground|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
rain|forest|IsA|type of place
workplace|church|UsedFor|punishing people
outside|corner|MadeOf|wood
backyard|yard|CapableOf|be man made
heaven|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
park|forest|IsA|country
car|backpack|HasProperty|an object
wall|ceiling|HasA|use electricity
ceiling|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
people|theater|HasProperty|an event
glasses|chair|IsA|alive
love|airport|IsA|business
stomach|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
office|montana|IsA|religious card
cupboard|sink|AtLocation|in a kitchen
outdoors|beach|IsA|nature-related
arboretum|california|HasProperty|where someone can live
person|carnival|IsA|action
dishwasher|trash|IsA|building
color|knowledge|IsA|part media
outside|party|AtLocation|on the map
garden|computer|HasA|wheels
city|stable|UsedFor|food
house|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
can|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
heaven|auditorium|IsA|mental place
table|work|AtLocation|library
trunk|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
happiness|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
plate|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
den|pantry|HasA|roof
air|water|IsA|car
wallet|drawer|IsA|something found in a household
refrigerator|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
bubblegum|casino|UsedFor|living
summer|sun|HasProperty|hot
desk|cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
bar|kitchens|IsA|piece of furniture
bicycle|street|IsA|place
shelf|dinner|HasProperty|an object
ocean|world|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
dust|ground|AtLocation|in the sky
pot|can|IsA|place for entertainment
home|bedroom|CapableOf|be slept in
montana|wedding|UsedFor|learning
film|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
closet|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
kitchen|stove|AtLocation|in a house
enjoyment|communication|IsA|verb
churchyard|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
house|garden|PartOf|glass
maze|bathroom|HasA|airplanes
soup|pool|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
yard|roadway|HasProperty|a location
hotel|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
desk|carpet|IsA|home appliance
movie|club|UsedFor|learning
bubblegum|florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
newspaper|yard|MadeOf|sand
refrigerator|ficus|HasProperty|where someone can live
happiness|excitement|HasProperty|an emotion
school|house|UsedFor|sporting events
car|bicycle|PartOf|house
plate|trash|IsA|place
town|theater|IsA|social event
desktop|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
leaves|roof|MadeOf|wood
wedding|theater|HasProperty|a place expressly for singing
woods|museum|HasProperty|a room
mexico|trees|IsA|place people work and live
store|action|IsA|place to be entertained
store|shelf|UsedFor|to keep items
pantry|kitchen|IsA|furniture
store|market|IsA|food
sleeping|dreams|PartOf|human body
wallet|money|IsA|thing you have on person
stove|container|HasA|empty space in it
wilderness|bank|IsA|animal
container|mouse|IsA|room in a building
bedroom|ceiling|HasA|legs
color|knowledge|IsA|place to study
shelf|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
headache|exhaustion|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
furniture|floor|UsedFor|decoration
table|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
airport|table|CapableOf|store
classroom|computer|UsedFor|learning
cupboard|sink|MadeOf|metal
corner|library|IsA|n electronic device
kitchen|countryside|IsA|animal or book
wallet|pocket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
dust|carpet|HasProperty|part of a building
school|homes|UsedFor|punishing people
college|jail|IsA|object
attic|desk|UsedFor|serving food
food|condiments|CapableOf|cook things
anxiety|thinking|CapableOf|fly
synagogue|museum|CapableOf|be worn
minnesota|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
apartment|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
forest|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
people|apartment|IsA|place
ground|television|HasProperty|known as dirty
moon|water|CapableOf|store small items
moon|bridge|HasProperty|a building
countryside|driveway|IsA|state
suburbs|montana|HasA|buildings in it
opera|elevator|CapableOf|be heard
map|classroom|IsA|building
ocean|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
attic|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
desktop|garage|AtLocation|home
jar|peanuts|UsedFor|drinking 
container|pocket|IsA|place where students learn
doorway|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
porch|home|CapableOf|provide a service
game|movie|UsedFor|learning
clothing|dinner|IsA|made of wood
television|speaker|AtLocation|in a kitchen
corner|attic|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
city|yard|MadeOf|sand
electricity|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
store|bathroom|IsA|public place
opera|classroom|UsedFor| gathering together
oklahoma|tennessee|IsA|us state
backpack|case|CapableOf|be held in your hands
jail|house|UsedFor|driving
skyscraper|castle|CapableOf|move freely
box|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
car|box|AtLocation|inside a house
stairs|store|CapableOf|sleep on it
airport|concert|IsA|object that can be held
field|lemur|AtLocation|in home
silverware|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
backpack|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
palace|synagogue|HasA|exterior walls
wilderness|creek|MadeOf|trees
dog|bed|AtLocation|on the map
house|school|HasProperty|a place where people sing
temple|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
suit|garden|UsedFor|learning
magazines|floor|CapableOf|store
jar|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
desires|sleeping|HasProperty|negative in human sense
can|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
pot|disneyland|IsA|building
car|buildings|HasProperty|alive
dust|closet|CapableOf|show films
outside|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
mansion|apartment|UsedFor|putting on a show
desk|theater|IsA|type of room
plane|peanuts|IsA|music related event
encyclopedia|information|IsA|place for students
desktop|computer|HasProperty|used for learning
auditorium|people|UsedFor|praying
roof|countryside|IsA|animal
sun|sea|IsA|place
wilderness|bank|UsedFor|holding animals
reflection|injury|IsA|colorful
auditorium|god|IsA|place of religion
table|floor|UsedFor|keeping things inside
disneyland|microwave|IsA|dish
reflection|discovery|IsA|emotion
library|office|CapableOf|have people go inside
safe|dinner|IsA|physical tangible object
city|excavation|IsA|country
desert|cage|IsA|animal
container|backpack|IsA|location
suffering|punch|IsA|noun
town|conference|HasProperty|alive
food|plate|HasA|store edible items
street|rain|AtLocation|at america
ground|ficus|IsA|place where people live
kitchen|building|UsedFor|reading
headache|exhaustion|CapableOf|happiness
theater|window|IsA|ceremony
town|outdoors|IsA|country
information|meeting|MadeOf|meet
kitchen|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
shelf|table|HasProperty|made of wood
city|england|AtLocation|on a map
summer|sea|IsA|vacation destination
musical|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
suburbs|roadway|IsA|state
suffering|punishment|CapableOf|make you sad
suburbs|neighborhood|IsA|state
garage|sink|UsedFor|transportation
furniture|door|HasProperty|found in a house
trouble|control|IsA|concept or place
garage|roof|AtLocation|indoors
hotel|closet|IsA|place to live
cleanliness|joy|PartOf|city
pond|ocean|HasA|water
box|mail|IsA|structure or building
michigan|nest|IsA|living thing
cup|rug|AtLocation|inside a house
pride|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
building|maze|IsA|public place
store|forest|IsA|animal
shop|library|CapableOf|provide a service
restaurant|concert|UsedFor|work
theater|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
dentist|bed|CapableOf|store
restaurant|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
casino|theater|IsA|place you can visit
palace|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
dishwasher|cup|AtLocation|on the map
pantry|refrigerator|AtLocation|indoors
passageway|hotel|IsA|item of clothing
museum|kitchen|IsA|room in a property
nostalgia|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
ocean|toilet|PartOf|kitchen
cat|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
happiness|fulfillment|IsA|activity
corner|desktop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
nature|backyard|IsA|part of a house
street|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
field|book|IsA|physical tangible object
drawer|garage|AtLocation|home
college|concert|CapableOf|have people  inside
countryside|seaside|IsA|proper noun
america|mexico|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
nature|furniture|IsA|store items
church|house|MadeOf|wood
supermarket|refrigerator|PartOf|food and drink
rock|leaves|MadeOf|wood
window|kitchen|IsA|furniture
jail|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
australia|bank|UsedFor|food
human|aircraft|IsA|job
roof|room|UsedFor|decoration
town|synagogue|UsedFor|learning
desk|sky|IsA|home appliance
street|roof|AtLocation|outside
microwave|love|AtLocation|library
disneyland|case|IsA|piece of furniture
restaurant|sink|HasProperty|edible
floor|closet|IsA|made of wood
relaxation|pride|IsA|verb
television|garden|UsedFor|worship
shock|pain|PartOf|mental disorder
museum|kitchen|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
television|lamp|AtLocation|in a kitchen
town|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
cellar|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
airport|university|CapableOf|have people  inside
mind|carnival|IsA|action
bar|desktop|IsA|list of alphabets
thinking|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
bread|cup|IsA|location or room
concert|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
street|rock|MadeOf|wood
teapot|arboretum|AtLocation|in the united states
knowing|depression|IsA|negative feeling
desktop|library|IsA|necessity for education
city|sun|IsA|concept or place
bed|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
city|neighborhood|IsA|state
building|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
inspiration|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
bedroom|school|IsA|place
building|forest|IsA|country
refrigerator|roof|IsA|place to store items
doctor|dentist|IsA|physical item 
ground|sun|AtLocation|at a home
restaurant|playground|AtLocation|outside
attic|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bowl|garage|CapableOf|storing food
street|bearing|UsedFor|playing
microwave|wallet|IsA|something you eat off
basement|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
action|headache|IsA|physical state
greenhouse|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
home|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
mail|trash|IsA|structure or building
kitchen|table|CapableOf|cook things
discovery|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
bathroom|minnesota|IsA|object
air|clouds|IsA|product that people buy
park|joy|MadeOf|nature
toronto|cat|AtLocation|in home
bowl|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
train|cottage|HasProperty|in a cold climate
salad|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
tent|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
room|candle|UsedFor|work
germany|war|IsA|action
hotel|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
ocean|paperwork|HasProperty|a type of building
opera|montana|UsedFor|buying food
countryside|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
potatoes|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
toronto|garage|PartOf|house
entertaining|fun|IsA|physical emotion
food|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
meeting|throne|UsedFor|learning
furniture|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
backpack|pocket|CapableOf|be worn
city|subdivision|IsA|residential area
dishwasher|trash|IsA|furniture
wilderness|marmoset|IsA|activity 
drawer|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
garage|basement|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
swamp|france|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
refrigerator|stove|HasA|empty space in it
corner|attic|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
school|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
michigan|florida|IsA|us state
prison|seaside|IsA|place
manual|books|IsA|necessity for education
nebraska|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
house|moon|IsA|animal or book
restaurant|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
doorway|bed|UsedFor|travel
airport|love|IsA|business
supermarket|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
college|meeting|HasProperty|material
ballpark|peanuts|HasProperty|related to children
tears|entertaining|IsA|verb
meeting|knowledge|IsA|physical tangible object
hospital|hotel|IsA|place where people die typically
restaurant|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
ground|windowsill|AtLocation|outside
apartment|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
ocean|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
airport|love|AtLocation|library
market|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
wall|book|HasA|use electricity
school|palace|IsA|large building
library|knowledge|HasProperty|related to studying
backpack|garden|UsedFor|storage
lamp|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
manual|internet|IsA|physical object
apartment|museum|IsA|room
jar|orbit|AtLocation|public area
park|city|IsA| event
air|yard|IsA|animal
closet|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
enjoyment|dancing|IsA|something considered as positive
contemplating|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
elevator|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
store|rug|IsA|private space
heaven|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
plants|tree|MadeOf|natural materials
motel|train|IsA|tourist destination
hallway|rain|UsedFor|work
hospital|hotel|IsA|item of clothing
kitchen|bedroom|IsA|room in a building
freeway|suburbs|IsA|proper noun
concert|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
countryside|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
ground|flower|IsA|place
smiles|dancing|IsA|verb
ocean|porch|UsedFor|serving food
tent|opera|IsA|place
backyard|trees|AtLocation|outside
place|rug|HasA|legs
trees|town|HasA|walls
garage|chicken|IsA|physical item 
color|dinner|IsA|place to study
inspiration|dream|IsA|negative feeling
maze|cave|HasA|beds
carrots|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
stretch|exercising|AtLocation|on the body
ground|painting|HasProperty|in a cold climate
corner|desk|IsA|study room
case|trash|IsA|furniture
manual|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
montana|town|IsA|place you buy food
highway|playground|HasProperty|made by humans
drawer|shelf|HasA|doors
store|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
building|outdoors|IsA|country
container|market|IsA|type of room in houses
classroom|office|HasProperty|found in a house
teacher|store|IsA|school supply
drawer|bed|UsedFor|reading 
closet|jar|AtLocation|public area
restaurant|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
ground|moon|IsA|car
battlefield|war|PartOf|the human body
farm|city|AtLocation|on a map
restaurant|toilet|IsA|place of learning
box|beach|CapableOf|fly
town|internet|HasProperty|alive
road|carnival|UsedFor|travel
chair|desk|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
computer|bus|IsA|country or state
porch|bedroom|AtLocation|in a house
sky|roof|IsA|animal
restaurant|library|IsA|place of learning
homes|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
movie|cabinet|IsA|something found in a household
desktop|cupboard|AtLocation|indoors
discovery|reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
boxes|box|IsA|room in a home
excavation|beaver|IsA|location
speaker|conference|PartOf|body
california|ficus|UsedFor|storing food
ficus|california|UsedFor|storing food
field|roof|IsA|natural product or man made
closet|trunk|IsA|room in a home
school|garage|IsA|building
tent|convention|IsA|place
confession|montana|UsedFor|praying
jail|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
commercial|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
church|convention|IsA|house where man live
oven|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
floor|nature|IsA|store items
stuff|coffee|IsA|piece of furniture
countryside|canada|AtLocation|outside
box|party|AtLocation|on the map
mouse|house|IsA|room in a building
table|magazine|CapableOf|store
agreement|love|IsA|emotion
park|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
relaxation|talk|IsA|action
tears|fun|IsA|activity
convention|earth|IsA|place
bathtub|bed|HasProperty|found in a house
television|dust|HasA|opening or door
suburbs|prison|IsA|proper noun
oven|kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
color|field|IsA|place to study
information|library|PartOf|publication
radio|dust|IsA|place for clothes
street|highway|UsedFor|car travel
trees|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
ground|rock|IsA|natural product or man made
sky|ceiling|IsA|car
desk|encyclopedia|UsedFor|viewing/reading
action|injury|IsA|negative emotion
desktop|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
closet|water|IsA|place
loft|basement|CapableOf|part  of a household
shelf|flowers|IsA|art-related item
seattle|arctic|IsA|popular attraction
glass|chicken|CapableOf|be used as transport 
person|bathroom|CapableOf|be heard
pleasure|remembering|MadeOf|wood
desk|circus|IsA|place of religion
table|plate|IsA|something you eat off
cabinet|dishwasher|CapableOf|be used with a computer
basement|cellar|IsA|structure or building
garden|airport|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
snore|garage|IsA|place
bar|bread|UsedFor|eating or drinking
museum|school|IsA|type of building
microwave|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
kitchen|shelf|CapableOf|be found in a house
ocean|pond|HasA|water
nature|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
trees|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
paper|store|UsedFor|writing
air|disneyland|IsA|type of place
park|air|IsA|animal
countryside|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
lamp|table|UsedFor|worship
roof|house|CapableOf|laugh
happiness|punch|IsA|noun
building|backyard|AtLocation|outside
kitchen|classroom|IsA|specific part of a structure
favors|excitement|IsA|activity
table|dance|IsA|type of room
pride|satisfaction|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
remembering|trauma|IsA|emotion
shelf|ground|CapableOf|be touched
school|library|UsedFor|borrowing books
ground|roof|AtLocation|outside
store|boxes|IsA|room in a home
television|box|IsA|place
house|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
forest|street|AtLocation|at america
table|desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
store|bathroom|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
ground|windowsill|IsA|place you can go
floor|rug|UsedFor|decoration
television|library|IsA|building
wedding|mouth|IsA|place
happiness|injury|IsA|colorful
controversy|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
pencils|notebook|IsA|school supply
ceiling|kitchen|IsA|place to sleep
movies|jar|UsedFor|eating
book|university|IsA|physical tangible object
corner|street|MadeOf|organic brown matter
entertaining|like|IsA|verb
injuries|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
aircraft|apartment|UsedFor|pooping
corner|dust|UsedFor|storage
sweat|sleeping|AtLocation|usually in a bed
valley|skyscraper|AtLocation|indoors
house|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
plate|dishwasher|IsA|something found in a household
montana|earth|IsA|planet
forest|seattle|HasProperty|related to water falling
sky|yard|IsA|animal
dentist|shop|CapableOf|provide a service
theater|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
church|building|IsA|room in a house
auditorium|montana|IsA|mental place
school|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
work|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
kitchen|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
ground|swimming|IsA|animal
supermarket|bar|CapableOf|be entered
vase|cabinet|UsedFor|holding things
field|landfill|HasA|first letter b
hotel|town|UsedFor|milking cows
theater|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
country|president|CapableOf|place
bathroom|basement|HasA|door
desk|television|IsA|study room
money|remembering|IsA|emotion
state|town|IsA|building
sewer|container|IsA|room (type)
confession|synagogue|HasA|ticket box usually
imagination|heaven|UsedFor|praying
bridge|house|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
pain|embarrassment|PartOf|mental disorder
reflection|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
garage|closet|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
outside|burrow|IsA|country or state name
desk|michigan|UsedFor|eating
trauma|controversy|IsA|positive thing
rock|pond|IsA|living/once living
city|country|IsA|weather
pocket|jar|IsA|school supply
bedroom|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
utah|arizona|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
wallet|action|HasA|function
injuries|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
corner|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
kitchen|pot|AtLocation|inside a house
store|utensils|MadeOf|food
city|town|IsA|tourist destination
countryside|pond|IsA|living/once living
hallway|work|IsA|country or state
asia|himalayas|MadeOf|rocks
bathroom|store|HasProperty|related to eating
street|weather|AtLocation|at america
bed|clothing|UsedFor|reading
building|demonstration|AtLocation|at a house
container|bowl|CapableOf|be eaten
shock|trauma|IsA|positive thing
kitchen|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
corner|closet|IsA|place for clothes
work|picture|MadeOf|paper
cabinet|pantry|IsA|furniture 
television|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
court|gymnasium|UsedFor|sport
meeting|book|CapableOf|be alive
restaurant|church|UsedFor|free
television|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
cupboard|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
marmoset|trees|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
ocean|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
roof|drugstore|AtLocation|in your room
beach|sun|IsA|place
washington|kentucky|PartOf|america
park|church|IsA|place
water|university|AtLocation|within a building's structure
park|closet|AtLocation|inside a house
table|chair|UsedFor|sitting on
money|pain|IsA|negative thing
head|safe|IsA|place to study
germany|museum|CapableOf|be heard
furniture|rug|UsedFor|decoration
trunk|bottle|IsA|type of business
apartment|house|UsedFor|pooping
apartment|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
instruction|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
food|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
jar|office|IsA|piece of furniture
desktop|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
pantry|shelf|AtLocation|in a kitchen
seaside|freeway|IsA|place
plate|condiments|IsA|  place
book|manual|HasProperty|singular
families|movies|IsA|event
house|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
work|clock|MadeOf|paper
groceries|can|HasProperty|a beverage
anthology|vase|IsA|place or location
trash|closet|IsA|room in a home
library|boat|IsA|ceremony
closet|store|IsA|room in a home
church|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
maine|florida|HasA|border with an ocean
bedroom|kitchen|AtLocation|in a building
cut|discovery|IsA|emotion
store|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
fish|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
entertaining|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
church|shed|IsA|place
boat|office|IsA|ceremony
restaurant|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
forest|park|HasProperty|somewhere to go
yard|village|IsA|country or state
outside|mountains|HasProperty|somewhere to go
food|table|HasProperty|used for meals
laughter|tears|IsA|physical emotion
nightmares|trauma|HasProperty|typically positive
valley|desert|IsA|natural thing
carpet|floor|PartOf|building a house
town|china|HasProperty|a location
tent|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
spoon|store|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
love|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
michigan|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
house|party|CapableOf|be entered
sink|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
homes|museum|AtLocation|indoors
house|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
closet|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
bay|valley|HasA|water
fish|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
student|classroom|UsedFor|reading and studying
town|yard|MadeOf|sand
supermarket|action|CapableOf|keeping cash
plate|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
office|apartment|HasProperty|a public place
bed|chair|AtLocation|in home
container|vacuum|PartOf|wood
condiments|cup|HasA|store edible items
garbage|furniture|IsA|store items
court|outside|IsA|in a home
attic|clouds|IsA|place in a house
storage|attic|UsedFor|storing stuffs
country|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
refrigerator|roof|CapableOf|be found in a house
drink|moon|IsA|animal or book
woods|bar|AtLocation|in a building
meeting|encyclopedia|HasA|screen
universe|park|IsA|drink
detroit|birds|PartOf|house 
demonstration|backpack|UsedFor|learning
balloon|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
dishwasher|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
arctic|desert|IsA|popular attraction
house|park|HasProperty|1 syllable
backyard|microwave|IsA|part of a house
city|china|UsedFor|transportation
university|meeting|IsA|part media
commercial|universe|IsA|animal or book
hotel|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
beach|playground|IsA|place people work and live
shelf|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
bedroom|table|UsedFor|storage
opera|confession|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
frogs|carpet|AtLocation|in your home
potatoes|salad|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
theater|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
tree|park|MadeOf|natural materials
injury|birds|HasA|physical appearance
briefcase|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
arguments|allergies|CapableOf|be physically touched
creek|outdoors|IsA|natural thing
thinking|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
window|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
closet|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
jar|mouth|IsA|event
sailboat|ocean|HasProperty|a type of building
apartment|house|IsA|building
school|city|IsA|place
cage|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
earth|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
pleasure|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
human|detroit|AtLocation|on a map
playground|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
floor|snore|HasProperty|an animal
windowsill|closet|HasProperty|found inside a house
newspaper|dentist|CapableOf|store
newspaper|park|UsedFor|reading
knowing|depression|IsA|emotion
class|meeting|IsA|gathering of people
television|corner|IsA|ground where child play
cupboard|sewer|IsA|room
countryside|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
container|pantry|IsA|type of business
synagogue|garage|IsA|sound
house|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
antarctica|outside|AtLocation|indoors
computer|house|IsA|ground where child play
bedroom|restaurant|IsA|room
refrigerator|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
choir|silence|AtLocation|on/in the human body
movies|park|IsA|public building
kitchen|garage|CapableOf|cooking
carnival|music|PartOf|building
city|suburb|IsA|place where you can live
book|table|AtLocation|library
garage|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
burrow|underground|AtLocation|below
thinking|head|HasProperty|a meal
landfill|television|HasA|opening or door
box|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
building|airport|IsA|business
sweetness|suffering|IsA|noun
garbage|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
church|restaurant|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
china|town|IsA|state
hospital|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
universe|closet|PartOf|wood
wall|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
building|town|IsA|place people work and live
church|battle|IsA|country
universe|space|HasProperty|related to children
container|table|IsA|  place
celebrating|laughter|IsA|verb
bowl|market|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
woods|creek|IsA|natural thing
glass|soup|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
park|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
hallway|water|IsA|car
desk|shop|IsA|building
house|restaurant|MadeOf|glass
table|desktop|UsedFor|work
clouds|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
china|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
depression|money|IsA|positive thing
floor|junk|HasProperty|an animal
birds|detroit|AtLocation|on a map
building|theater|CapableOf|float
happiness|favors|IsA|physical emotion
sun|park|IsA|place
books|apartment|IsA|furniture
doctor|drugs|CapableOf|promote health
wires|hospital|IsA|list of alphabets
thinking|action|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
house|college|UsedFor|happiness
battle|doctor|UsedFor|recreation activity
bedroom|house|IsA|study room
container|market|IsA|piece of furniture
crying|communication|IsA|sad emotion
restaurant|hotel|IsA|part of the body
hotel|families|IsA|event
television|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
internet|information|CapableOf|be held in your hand
playground|park|HasA|walls
food|shelf|MadeOf|metal
musical|building|HasA|ticket box usually
corner|television|IsA|study room
country|program|UsedFor|worship
tree|frisbee|PartOf|house
key|jar|CapableOf|be held in your hands
spoon|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
library|market|HasProperty|a public place
church|action|CapableOf|keeping cash
closet|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
suit|europe|UsedFor|learning
utensils|car|HasProperty|an object
desktop|cabinet|HasA|walls
pond|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
library|doctor|IsA|physical item 
love|human|IsA|state in usa
food|condiments|UsedFor|keeping things cool
ground|lasagna|IsA|place
canada|backyard|MadeOf|fiber
garden|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
encyclopedia|lemur|IsA|animal or book
gate|wall|IsA|business
house|forest|AtLocation|in the home or  office
hospital|office|CapableOf|have a street address
color|dinner|UsedFor|studying
couch|bathroom|PartOf|house 
apartment|microwave|IsA|dish
house|loft|CapableOf|move location
desk|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
restaurant|building|UsedFor|swimming
countryside|outside|IsA|living/once living
backpack|nails|UsedFor|storage
shed|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
computer|television|CapableOf|plug into the wall
opera|convention|IsA|part of a human
depression|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
refrigerator|food|IsA|  place
garbage|ground|AtLocation|indoors
battle|park|IsA|country
school|apartment|HasProperty|a place where people sing
concert|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
cup|food|HasProperty|used for meals
dreams|vaccines|HasProperty|negative in human sense
synagogue|town|IsA|house where man live
cellar|garage|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
contemplating|performing|IsA|colorful
plate|cup|CapableOf|store things
park|movies|IsA|part of the body
paper|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
valley|outdoors|HasProperty|2 syllables
car|house|CapableOf|be entered
seaside|prison|IsA|man-made thing
medium|puddle|UsedFor|eating or drinking
building|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
manual|books|IsA|book
clothing|bed|UsedFor|cooling
president|control|HasProperty|powerful
bathroom|store|CapableOf|be opened/closed
bicycle|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
box|roof|HasProperty|man-made
corner|desktop|IsA|building
head|information|IsA|place for students
airport|bed|CapableOf|store
people|conference|IsA|place
god|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
shelf|flowers|IsA|something kept at home
hallway|airport|HasProperty|able to be entered
entertainment|car|IsA|emotion
apartment|house|IsA|room
liquid|peanuts|UsedFor|drinking 
home|trouble|UsedFor|standing on
mess|paperwork|IsA|building
bubblegum|change|IsA|place you can visit
talk|joy|IsA|action
sahara|disneyland|HasProperty|associated with the environment
shop|home|CapableOf|store
museum|bedroom|HasA|usually have people inside
passageway|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
classroom|church|CapableOf|have people  inside
countryside|school|CapableOf|be currently visited
ocean|god|UsedFor|praying
church|conference|UsedFor|buying food
park|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
drinking|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
trunk|table|UsedFor|keeping things inside
butterflies|action|CapableOf|fly
trees|street|AtLocation|outside
bedroom|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
basement|garage|AtLocation|within a building's structure
california|maine|IsA|us state
closet|basement|CapableOf|be used for storage
michigan|utah|IsA|us state
refrigerator|ficus|IsA|place where people live
balloon|dinner|IsA|product that people buy
restaurant|computer|AtLocation|in a building
cellar|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
toilet|jar|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
ceiling|house|IsA|car
plants|tree|IsA|location
groceries|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
tennessee|arkansas|HasA|even number of letter
city|california|IsA|place
trees|park|AtLocation|outside
house|bridge|MadeOf|organic material
floor|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
knowledge|university|IsA|part media
space|universe|AtLocation|public area
neighborhood|montana|HasA|buildings in it
butterflies|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
school|band|MadeOf|by man
sewer|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
theater|classroom|UsedFor| gathering together
funeral|container|IsA|structure or building
house|yard|IsA|state
head|television|HasProperty|a meal
garage|restaurant|HasA|usually have people inside
convention|theater|UsedFor|buying food
floor|magazine|IsA|physical item 
closet|attic|UsedFor|storage
information|library|MadeOf|meet
depression|nightmares|IsA|negative thing
washington|farmyard|IsA|object
soup|medium|UsedFor|transportation
wilderness|house|CapableOf|be currently visited
building|passageway|IsA|business
skyscraper|yard|AtLocation|in your company
exhaustion|joy|CapableOf|be physically touched
jail|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
coffee|trash|IsA|furniture
corner|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
country|corporation|HasA|movie
movies|wedding|IsA|part of the body
locker|classroom|UsedFor|reading
forest|mountains|HasProperty|somewhere to go
office|bathtub|UsedFor|reading
silverware|oven|HasProperty|edible
food|desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
wilderness|underground|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
problems|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
bedroom|airport|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
exercising|effort|HasA|m at the beginning
dinner|trash|IsA|furniture
container|sugar|IsA|room
arctic|forest|IsA|popular attraction
sweetness|field|IsA|emotion
bay|ocean|HasA|earth
sink|jar|AtLocation|in a kitchen
building|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
street|weather|IsA|brand
mountains|park|HasProperty|part of your  house
cupboard|backpack|IsA|furniture 
encyclopedia|safe|HasProperty|a meal
storage|garden|UsedFor|storing stuffs
hotel|desktop|IsA|list of alphabets
garden|country|UsedFor|worship
passageway|wall|HasA|airplanes
conference|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
water|room|AtLocation|within a building's structure
internet|cinema|HasProperty|alive
yard|playground|IsA|country
good|skate|PartOf|building
field|bowl|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
montana|monastery|IsA|place of religion
television|field|IsA|physical tangible object
clothing|meeting|UsedFor|learning
bird|sky|IsA|natural thing
coffee|dinner|MadeOf|wood
basement|sun|HasProperty|white
town|supermarket|IsA|place or location
briefcase|office|IsA|place where students learn
casino|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
countryside|town|CapableOf|be parked on
disneyland|circus|IsA|place or location
ground|windowsill|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
container|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
store|briefcase|IsA|school supply
tent|town|UsedFor|learning
lamp|park|IsA|building
supermarket|casino|UsedFor|living
container|boxes|IsA|room
house|garage|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
kitchen|supermarket|IsA|location
bedroom|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
room|ocean|IsA|building
passageway|freeway|HasA|beds
shelf|bar|UsedFor|storing things in
picture|park|HasA|city inside
dentist|doctor|CapableOf|provide a service
embarrassment|agreement|UsedFor|manifesting joy
battle|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
office|conference|IsA|n item of furniture
rug|loft|AtLocation|inside a person's home
speaker|person|PartOf|body
enjoyment|humiliation|IsA|emotion
box|nails|CapableOf|be eaten
happiness|excitement|IsA|emotion
street|suburbs|HasA|buildings in it
backyard|beach|AtLocation|outside
restaurant|lamp|UsedFor|work
embarrassment|crying|IsA|positive thing
notebook|atlas|UsedFor|reading
home|rug|IsA|garden
shed|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
town|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
garden|restaurant|IsA|country
club|movie|UsedFor|learning
roof|shelf|CapableOf|be found in a house
russia|field|IsA|animal
porch|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
dinner|box|IsA|place
restaurant|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
safe|university|UsedFor|studying
wall|table|MadeOf|paper
heaven|russia|IsA|place
jail|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
disneyland|forest|AtLocation|at america
house|funeral|PartOf|the human body
trouble|floor|IsA|store items
canada|city|IsA|concept or place
telegram|meeting|HasProperty|a solid item 
closet|basement|UsedFor|storing things
food|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
chair|carpet|IsA|place or location
florida|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
soup|salad|IsA|sweet or savory
inside|meeting|HasProperty|material
theater|wedding|UsedFor|learning
bed|porch|UsedFor|cooling
sun|windowsill|HasProperty|hot
montana|auditorium|IsA|n item of furniture
like|favors|IsA|verb
windowsill|plants|PartOf|glass
church|battle|IsA|person
hospital|war|PartOf|the human body
inspiration|discomfort|IsA|emotion
countryside|roof|IsA|natural product or man made
house|office|HasProperty|a type of building
store|apartment|CapableOf|sleep on it
party|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
movie|class|AtLocation|in a building
desktop|classroom|CapableOf|be used virtually 
fight|stress|IsA|positive card
canada|england|IsA|country or state
office|paper|CapableOf|be worn
porch|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
restaurant|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
buildings|supermarket|IsA|location
bedroom|lamp|AtLocation|inside someone's home
cabinet|boxes|HasProperty|found below ground level
sorrow|knowledge|IsA|negative thing
windowsill|restaurant|AtLocation|at a famous university
enemies|death|IsA|positive card
school|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
trunk|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
satisfaction|fun|IsA|mental state
toronto|snore|AtLocation|in home
microwave|desk|IsA|form of entertainment
theater|furniture|IsA|ceremony
house|table|IsA|1 syllable word
restaurant|museum|HasProperty|a room
table|wall|CapableOf|be found in a house
refrigerator|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
college|library|HasProperty|material
plate|pantry|IsA|location or room
concert|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
grape|soup|IsA|food
ranch|stable|MadeOf|country
city|suburb|IsA|state
office|people|UsedFor|praying
lumberyard|floor|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
ocean|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
wallet|dishwasher|IsA|form of entertainment
apartment|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
curtain|park|IsA|vacation destination
wedding|farm|UsedFor|over night stays 
shop|dentist|IsA|physical item 
money|key|UsedFor|living
china|town|IsA|place where you can live
synagogue|imagination|IsA|place of religion
nostalgia|hunger|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
blood|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
conference|convention|UsedFor|buying food
remembering|nightmares|IsA|negative thing
trouble|junk|HasProperty|a household item
death|effort|HasProperty|about  clashes
sadness|problems|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
cupboard|table|HasProperty|an object
pantry|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
ocean|closet|IsA|item of clothing
cat|television|PartOf|house
soup|bowl|UsedFor|storage
woods|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
embarrassment|crying|IsA|negative feeling
table|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
classroom|garage|AtLocation|in a building
outside|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
nature|cat|IsA|store items
room|basement|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
furniture|room|AtLocation|inside a person's home
garage|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
ficus|apartment|UsedFor|storing food
bed|attic|PartOf|house
apartment|opera|IsA|planet
refrigerator|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
speaker|garage|CapableOf|be attended
cave|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
like|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
convention|body|IsA|part of a human
basement|hotel|HasProperty|a place where people sing
excavation|store|IsA|location
party|box|UsedFor|storage
suburbs|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
school|supermarket|IsA|public building
table|sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
house|freeway|HasA|airplanes
countryside|yard|IsA|place you visit often
remembering|problems|IsA|emotion
wilderness|australia|IsA|place
spoon|bathroom|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
bedroom|computer|IsA|building
information|books|CapableOf|be held in your hand
alcohol|room|IsA|product that people buy
action|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
car|supermarket|HasProperty|associated with drinking
glass|medium|CapableOf|be used as transport 
universe|countryside|IsA|place
circus|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
driveway|roadway|HasA|sidewalks
dictionary|burrow|IsA|place
switzerland|tennessee|UsedFor| housing animals
theater|street|UsedFor|living
drawer|floor|AtLocation|in home
roof|park|HasA|head
apartment|building|CapableOf|float
book|manual|IsA|thing you can touch
families|box|IsA|part of the body
chocolate|hotel|IsA|part of the body
shelf|cupboard|HasA|edible items for sale
sky|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
books|backpack|IsA|furniture
table|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
head|television|HasProperty|related to studying
classroom|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
kitchen|table|HasProperty|used for meals
pot|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
bag|funeral|IsA|structure or building
shelf|table|CapableOf|be worn
stomach|table|AtLocation|in  a residence
internet|manual|MadeOf|meet
defeat|anger|IsA|feeling or emotion
nightmares|knowledge|IsA|negative thing
encyclopedia|field|IsA|physical tangible object
school|movies|IsA|event
drawer|film|IsA|dish
school|mexico|MadeOf|by man
ground|plants|HasA|head
water|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
building|drugstore|IsA|place to sleep
plate|food|HasProperty|used for meals
garden|yard|IsA|animal
trees|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
class|war|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
key|theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
laughter|enjoyment|IsA|verb
fun|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
tree|street|IsA|animal
cup|party|AtLocation|inside a house
tears|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
montana|circus|UsedFor|praying
encyclopedia|throne|IsA|place people can meet
church|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
books|manual|UsedFor|viewing/reading
drawer|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
like|enjoyment|UsedFor|hobbies
university|cafe|HasProperty|something you can touch
paper|pocket|UsedFor|carrying things
thinking|university|IsA|part media
roof|museum|IsA|room
basement|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
store|book|CapableOf|be alive
game|gentleman|UsedFor|wearing
sink|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
box|car|AtLocation|within a building's structure
smiles|favors|IsA|activity
window|glass|IsA|furniture 
love|homes|IsA|state in usa
church|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
street|soup|UsedFor|transportation
bowl|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
jail|detroit|IsA|place where you can visit
playground|building|CapableOf|be part of a house
school|house|IsA|object
movies|park|CapableOf|be eaten
heaven|god|IsA|religious card
library|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
film|cabinet|IsA|something found in a household
school|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
house|cabinet|HasA|door
chicken|soup|IsA|physical item 
cup|shoes|AtLocation|inside a house
utensils|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
street|landfill|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
thinking|meeting|IsA|part media
freeway|countryside|CapableOf|be read
throne|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
apartment|theater|HasProperty|an event
shed|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
house|wall|IsA|public place
cabinet|corner|AtLocation|indoors
carpet|chair|IsA|place or location
moon|hole|IsA|animal or book
arboretum|california|UsedFor|storing food
house|library|UsedFor|washing
sink|soup|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
nature|snore|HasProperty|a household item
trees|restaurant|IsA|country
house|airport|CapableOf|have a street address
waterfall|ground|IsA|living/once living
jar|stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
candy|food|UsedFor|eating
mess|tile|IsA|building
meeting|television|MadeOf|meet
basement|hallway|HasProperty|white
outdoors|building|UsedFor|swimming
wilderness|france|IsA|activity 
texas|wilderness|MadeOf|metal
house|museum|AtLocation|in a building
france|arizona|AtLocation|labeled on a map
pocket|casino|UsedFor|living
ground|cottage|HasProperty|in a cold climate
apartment|montana|UsedFor|buying food
shower|sink|HasA|door
desktop|house|UsedFor|worship
desk|stamps|IsA|1 syllable word
earth|town|IsA|home
bedroom|bathroom|AtLocation|in a house
bowl|disneyland|IsA|place to make food
jar|action|HasA|function
university|garden|IsA|place people can meet
town|city|IsA|tourist destination
summer|sunbathers|IsA|person
street|sink|UsedFor|transportation
garden|clothing|UsedFor|learning
homes|workplace|AtLocation|indoors
orbit|kitchen|PartOf|wood
thinking|birds|IsA|colorful
chair|carpet|UsedFor|sitting on
garden|club|UsedFor|learning
mouse|container|IsA|room (type)
pizza|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
fulfillment|dancing|IsA|something considered as positive
countryside|outdoors|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
church|town|IsA|place you buy food
universe|attic|UsedFor|serving food
reflection|thinking|CapableOf|fly
street|change|CapableOf|keeping cash
forest|desert|MadeOf|sand
jail|bed|UsedFor|cooling
closet|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
university|bedroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
landfill|beach|UsedFor|farmers 
barn|garage|HasProperty|a type of property
trunk|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
condiments|food|UsedFor|serving dinner
closet|space|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
pantry|cabinet|CapableOf|be moved around
library|house|UsedFor|borrowing books
table|cup|CapableOf|be consumed
communication|embarrassment|IsA|negative feeling
nature|garage|HasProperty|a household item
field|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
sleep|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
party|bedroom|IsA|n electronic device
sink|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
garden|air|IsA|animal
wallet|microwave|IsA|dish
workplace|park|IsA|place
library|meeting|HasA|screen
box|shed|IsA|room in a home
school|house|CapableOf|move
cave|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
library|kitchen|HasProperty|able to be entered
theater|mansion|UsedFor| gathering together
television|ground|IsA|place for clothes
hotel|house|UsedFor|washing
roadway|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
corner|house|IsA|ground where child play
house|apartment|HasProperty|a collection of flats
clouds|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
newspaper|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
room|party|HasProperty|a place where people sing
kitchen|dishes|UsedFor|food
house|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
sun|president|CapableOf|place
detroit|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
sink|water|HasProperty|a building
subdivision|countryside|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
ground|trees|IsA|natural or man made
porch|bowl|IsA|place to make food
building|house|HasA|bed for sleeping
synagogue|garage|HasProperty|a type of property
stream|commercial|AtLocation|at a zoo
action|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
woods|wilderness|IsA|natural thing
bread|alcohol|UsedFor|eating or drinking
apartment|hotel|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
museum|wall|IsA|place to store items
park|joy|CapableOf|happiness
chicken|fly|UsedFor|transportation
party|rug|AtLocation|inside a house
supermarket|people|IsA|place
mountain|canada|IsA|location
instruction|inspiration|MadeOf|wood
medium|sink|CapableOf|be used as transport 
war|palace|PartOf|the human body
knowledge|meeting|IsA|place to study
utensils|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
building|sun|IsA|specific part of a structure
house|restaurant|UsedFor|pooping
television|furniture|IsA|place
pain|crying|IsA|something a baby could have
colorado|france|AtLocation|labeled on a map
furniture|television|PartOf|house
trunk|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
trash|bowl|IsA|furniture
plate|pizza|IsA|location or room
stamps|desk|IsA|form of entertainment
refrigerator|room|IsA|product that people buy
disneyland|pot|CapableOf|storing food
outdoors|playground|UsedFor|swimming
store|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
internet|classroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
cow|ranch|IsA|animal
dinner|information|UsedFor|studying
table|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
yard|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
building|disneyland|IsA|place or location
concert|road|UsedFor|flying
wall|apartment|IsA|ceremony
injuries|argument|HasProperty|about  clashes
books|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
hospital|coats|IsA|place to live
montana|god|UsedFor|praying
countryside|drink|IsA|animal or book
dinner|house|IsA|product that people buy
air|room|UsedFor|driving
building|assessment|CapableOf|make a sound
container|mail|IsA|room in a home
park|playground|CapableOf|be man made
bathroom|house|IsA|room
funeral|crowd|IsA|place
state|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
street|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
communication|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
house|college|IsA|object
trouble|attic|HasProperty|a household item
exercising|exercise|HasProperty|a physical activity
kitchens|market|PartOf|business
mountains|alabama|IsA|us state
trees|countryside|IsA|country
pond|town|AtLocation|outside
entertaining|tears|IsA|verb
office|airport|IsA|place to live
bread|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
suburbs|beaver|CapableOf|be read
street|hallway|UsedFor|work
opera|apartment|IsA|place or location
car|audience|IsA|location
street|neighborhood|HasA|buildings in it
encyclopedia|university|IsA|physical tangible object
lawn|meeting|IsA|visible object
town|building|IsA|nature-related
library|airport|HasProperty|able to be entered
conference|circus|IsA|religious card
woods|bird|MadeOf|water
toronto|bed|PartOf|house
garage|warehouse|MadeOf|water
jar|conference|IsA|piece of furniture
dictionary|table|CapableOf|be held with one hand
house|classroom|CapableOf|move location
conference|store|IsA|piece of furniture
forest|street|IsA|popular attraction
theater|body|IsA|house where man live
humiliation|fulfillment|IsA|emotion
class|good|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
rug|cat|IsA|garden
work|newspaper|AtLocation|library
closet|beer|IsA|type of business
market|corner|HasProperty|able to be entered
tennessee|cow|MadeOf|country
park|yard|AtLocation|outside
garden|home|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
porch|disneyland|IsA|building
program|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
trouble|snore|HasProperty|a household item
rosebush|backyard|MadeOf|fiber
dirt|region|PartOf|the continent 
toronto|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
valley|ocean|AtLocation|in your company
disneyland|forest|IsA|type of place
shelf|chair|UsedFor|viewing/reading
ocean|tile|HasProperty|a type of building
house|court|HasA|roof
jar|ocean|PartOf|the galaxy
soup|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
toronto|nature|PartOf|house
basement|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
bubblegum|money|HasA|function
loft|furniture|CapableOf|sleeping
newspaper|airport|UsedFor|cooling
town|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
france|texas|MadeOf|metal
computer|television|AtLocation|in the living room
bathroom|bar|HasA|usually have people inside
cupboard|kitchen|AtLocation|indoors
house|automobile|CapableOf|be lived in
apartment|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
cabinet|garage|CapableOf|be found in a house
rock|trees|PartOf|nature
utensils|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
human|church|IsA|country
dinner|class|IsA|part media
windowsill|wilderness|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
closet|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
town|beach|IsA|nation
canada|cooking|IsA|us state
basement|human|IsA|building
canada|control|IsA|object/thing
field|book|HasA|screen
apartment|classroom|UsedFor|car repair
microwave|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
trash|cupboard|IsA|place to make food
restaurants|house|HasProperty|associated with drinking
container|carnival|UsedFor|drinking 
apartment|earth|IsA|event
prison|city|IsA|man-made thing
satisfaction|pride|IsA|action
russia|bank|IsA|place
embarrassment|communication|IsA|negative feeling
color|field|UsedFor|studying
jungle|backyard|IsA|outdoor area
connection|maze|HasA|airplanes
corner|home|HasProperty|able to be entered
street|roof|IsA|animal
kitchen|container|CapableOf|be found in a house
cup|container|AtLocation|in a house
container|conference|UsedFor|writing
refrigerator|kitchens|IsA|piece of furniture
jail|church|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
building|program|IsA|physical and movable item
pride|fear|CapableOf|fly
junk|bed|HasProperty|an animal
backpack|shoe|AtLocation|inside a house
telephone|library|IsA|ground where child play
driveway|desert|HasA|buildings in it
books|book|MadeOf|paper
valley|waterfall|HasA|water
cave|office|UsedFor|a holiday
picture|work|MadeOf|wood
bedroom|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
train|rock|HasA|outdoor scenery
map|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
desert|city|UsedFor|digging 
pride|injury|CapableOf|cause pain
skin|supermarket|IsA|place
plate|kitchens|IsA|type of food
china|countryside|IsA|state
maze|wall|HasA|airplanes
warehouse|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
thinking|reflection|IsA|emotion
beach|disneyland|IsA|vacation destination
office|television|IsA|n electronic device
injury|food|IsA|colorful
street|suburbs|HasProperty|a country
basement|lamp|UsedFor|work
pride|butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
movie|suit|UsedFor|learning
trash|toilet|IsA|place to make food
opera|carnival|IsA|place or location
windowsill|bathroom|IsA|living thing
town|outdoors|UsedFor|children to play
restaurant|school|HasProperty|child friendly
bowl|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
newspaper|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
field|thinking|HasA|screen
magazines|magazine|IsA|physical item 
pot|cabinet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
crying|shock|HasProperty|typically positive
floor|magazines|IsA|physical item 
computer|table|IsA|a place to read books
pocket|office|CapableOf|be used for travel
greenhouse|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
airplane|drugstore|IsA|place to sleep
desires|death|HasProperty|related to sleep
head|dinner|IsA|place to study
bicycle|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
palace|gymnasium|IsA|in a home
greenhouse|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
encyclopedia|television|IsA|place for students
boxes|mouse|IsA|room (type)
house|apartment|IsA|pencil
trunk|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
change|wallet|UsedFor|paying for items
car|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
garbage|attic|HasProperty|a household item
stamps|dishwasher|IsA|dish
theater|tent|IsA|planet
garage|desktop|AtLocation|at home
bedroom|porch|CapableOf|move people
porch|kitchen|IsA|furniture
lamp|store|UsedFor|a holiday
magazines|corner|IsA|type /part of building
mexico|canada|IsA|nature-related
computer|classroom|PartOf|admin role
restaurant|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
pot|beer|HasA|plug or power source
bank|field|IsA|animal
court|gymnasium|HasA|roof
closet|floor|MadeOf|food
garage|storage|AtLocation|in united states
countryside|canada|IsA|place people work and live
coats|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
library|manual|MadeOf|paper
fox|outside|HasA|multiple definitions
bathroom|pantry|HasA|roof
heaven|wings|CapableOf|fly
beach|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
city|hotel|HasProperty|a workplace
montana|opera|HasProperty|part of a human
bathroom|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
cupboard|table|UsedFor|keeping books
building|barn|UsedFor|worship
stamps|case|IsA|something found in a household
countryside|park|IsA|place people work and live
chair|bed|IsA|place
newspaper|table|IsA|physical item 
porch|hotel|UsedFor|studying in
thinking|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
park|playground|HasA|city inside
field|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
forest|countryside|IsA|proper noun
bedroom|ceiling|IsA|specific part of a structure
closet|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
stream|universe|AtLocation|at a zoo
cupboard|drawer|MadeOf|wood
house|alcohol|IsA|product that people buy
refrigerator|container|IsA|type of room in houses
park|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
plants|greenhouse|PartOf|body
nightmares|instruction|IsA|emotion
cabinet|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
countryside|pond|AtLocation|outside
pot|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
hallway|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
valley|mexico|HasA|1 syllable  word
room|home|IsA|part of a house
shelf|trunk|HasProperty|removable
warehouse|store|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
shelf|trunk|UsedFor|to keep items
outside|ocean|MadeOf|natural materials
pot|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
fight|sweat|IsA|positive card
magazines|bed|IsA|room or building
can|shelf|IsA|type of business
wall|boat|MadeOf|wood
battle|anger|IsA|positive card
soup|grape|IsA|vegetable 
program|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
wedding|synagogue|UsedFor|learning
bar|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
bed|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
yard|garden|IsA|place people work and live
street|city|HasA|buildings in it
subdivision|desert|IsA|state
regret|excitement|IsA|action
salad|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
china|neighborhood|IsA|place where you can live
leaves|rock|AtLocation|outside
outdoors|park|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
jar|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
house|school|IsA|item of clothing
stomach|glass|HasA|edible items for sale
playground|trash|UsedFor|farmers 
bathroom|apartment|UsedFor|formal learning
attic|store|IsA|structure or building
convention|conference|IsA|social event
backyard|playground|IsA|place people work and live
state|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
shelf|closet|HasProperty|a beverage
desktop|cupboard|HasA|edible items for sale
michigan|restaurant|IsA|country
apartment|conference|IsA|part of a human
bed|door|MadeOf|wood
wallet|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
refrigerator|disneyland|IsA|building
classroom|bathroom|IsA|location
ceiling|street|UsedFor|work
river|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
countryside|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
skyscraper|school|CapableOf|move freely
school|passageway|UsedFor|reading books
burrow|underground|HasProperty|found above ground
kitchen|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
punch|suffering|UsedFor|punish
trunk|groceries|MadeOf|metal
computer|desk|IsA|ground where child play
hospital|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
church|montana|IsA|planet
church|class|AtLocation|in a building
inspiration|problems|IsA|negative feeling
tile|office|UsedFor|sitting on
teaching|satisfaction|HasA|ltr p
sea|sunshine|HasProperty|hot
park|glass|IsA|vacation destination
desert|air|HasProperty|man made
theater|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
coats|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
television|candy|IsA|public building
desktop|sink|MadeOf|metal
action|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
countryside|town|HasProperty|a location
basement|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
computer|speaker|CapableOf|plug into the wall
refrigerators|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
corner|ground|CapableOf|make sounds
table|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
garage|drawer|IsA|place
refrigerators|pantry|AtLocation|in a house
backyard|pond|IsA|place people work and live
choir|mouth|IsA|electronic device
circus|confession|UsedFor|praying
house|cellar|IsA|room (type)
conference|town|IsA|place or location
television|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
river|garden|IsA|small area
books|sink|IsA|furniture 
bread|air|IsA|product that people buy
vaccines|sweat|CapableOf|hurt
box|closet|IsA|mode of transportation
cupboard|outside|IsA|room (type)
sea|ocean|HasA|salty water
dreams|nightmares|AtLocation|usually in a bed
corner|library|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
bedroom|garage|IsA|room (type)
store|backpack|UsedFor|writing
church|bathroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
outdoors|trees|AtLocation|outside
field|farmyard|PartOf|a house/home
desktop|telephone|AtLocation|inside someone's home
rock|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
restaurant|church|MadeOf|wood
apartment|house|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
river|ocean|IsA|small body of water
enemies|battle|IsA|positive card
bathroom|school|CapableOf|be lived in
lightning|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
meeting|house|IsA|object
sugar|outside|IsA|room
yard|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
television|families|UsedFor|eating
person|blood|HasA|exterior walls
lamp|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
desk|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
gate|building|HasA|airplanes
airport|library|IsA|place to live
injury|pride|CapableOf|cause pain
movies|park|UsedFor|eating
game|church|UsedFor|learning
trees|building|AtLocation|outside
cabinet|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
apartment|restaurant|IsA|room
trees|street|IsA|stone
jar|bridge|UsedFor|in a bathroom
smiles|enjoyment|HasProperty|a positive emotion
outdoors|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
office|machine|UsedFor|fun
newspaper|library|HasProperty|a meal
supermarket|apartment|IsA|food
cupboard|disneyland|HasProperty|found below ground level
bar|garage|HasProperty|a room
pantry|jar|IsA|  place
city|hotel|UsedFor|milking cows
opera|theater|IsA|social event
cabinet|house|UsedFor|storing things inside
street|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
dirt|street|HasA|feet to stand 
purse|wallet|HasProperty|to do with currency
dinner|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
workplace|church|IsA|place
bowl|dishwasher|IsA|place to make food
television|house|AtLocation|in a building
trees|yard|IsA|nation
street|nature|IsA|car
thinking|reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
pride|regret|IsA|action
motel|hotel|HasProperty|a workplace
park|mexico|IsA|place
cat|attic|IsA|store items
sink|desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
food|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
bar|party|UsedFor|fun
automobile|car|HasProperty|easily movable
carpet|windowsill|AtLocation|in a home
ocean|plants|IsA|location
theater|window|UsedFor|reading
house|closet|IsA|made of wood
suburbs|city|IsA|place
tile|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
closet|backpack|IsA|made of wood
roadway|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
park|battle|HasProperty|outdoors
restaurant|human|IsA|state in usa
bread|condiments|IsA|location or room
pond|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
buildings|classroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
band|factory|PartOf|man body
knowing|dream|IsA|negative feeling
cabinet|container|UsedFor|writing
notebook|paper|UsedFor|reading
disneyland|cellar|HasProperty|found below ground level
passageway|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
seaside|forest|IsA|proper noun
closet|warehouse|UsedFor|storage
drawer|trash|IsA|1 syllable word
knowledge|head|HasProperty|a meal
fear|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
pond|countryside|AtLocation|outside
books|manual|IsA|necessity for education
safe|university|HasProperty|a meal
dance|skate|IsA|action
city|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
government|country|IsA|book
forest|tree|HasProperty|man made
office|library|HasProperty|able to be entered
table|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
cave|maze|HasA|beds
sleep|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
church|opera|HasProperty|part of a human
notebook|notes|UsedFor|happiness
cage|outdoors|MadeOf|trees
attic|closet|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
throne|clothing|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
windowsill|house|PartOf|body
kitchen|apartment|MadeOf|wood
jail|workplace|UsedFor|a gathering of people
chocolate|families|IsA|public building
bed|house|UsedFor|sitting on
drinking|favors|IsA|physical emotion
action|food|IsA|negative emotion
synagogue|theater|IsA|commercial browser
disneyland|porch|IsA|building
town|opera|HasProperty|an event
apartment|arboretum|AtLocation|in the united states
backpack|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
house|bathroom|UsedFor|sport
trunk|floor|IsA|1 syllable word
synagogue|confession|UsedFor|praying
apartment|home|IsA|type /part of building
apartment|mouse|IsA|furniture
pride|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
shelf|table|IsA|place to store items
home|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
thinking|relaxation|UsedFor|driving
computer|closet|HasA|wheels
florida|wallet|UsedFor|living
buildings|conference|UsedFor|putting on a show
supermarket|street|IsA|place you can visit
hallway|office|HasProperty|able to be entered
hunger|crying|MadeOf|wood
table|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
countryside|sky|CapableOf|fly
plate|coffee|IsA|furniture
apartment|mansion|UsedFor|living inside of
crying|controversy|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
supermarket|store|CapableOf|keeping cash
park|battle|IsA|place
store|loft|CapableOf|sleep on it
tears|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
conference|desk|IsA|type of room
toronto|television|HasProperty|a household item
church|heaven|IsA|place of religion
disneyland|film|UsedFor|storage
newspaper|magazine|CapableOf|store
trees|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
library|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
concert|program|IsA|physical and movable item
people|tent|IsA|part of a human
encyclopedia|shelf|IsA|necessity for education
stuff|trash|MadeOf|wood
hotel|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
drugs|human|UsedFor|to get a degree
cellar|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
outside|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking food
action|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
school|apartment|UsedFor|reading and studying
australia|hole|IsA|animal
church|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
trunk|warehouse|UsedFor|storing physical things
window|boat|UsedFor|reading
money|supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
town|suburb|MadeOf|sand
office|corner|HasProperty|a public place
hunger|knowledge|MadeOf|wood
floor|office|IsA|type of room
enjoyment|smiles|HasProperty|a positive emotion
defeat|fight|IsA|positive card
defeat|enemies|IsA|positive card
confusion|teaching|HasA|ltr p
security|home|IsA|object that can be held
pool|water|UsedFor|transportation
neighborhood|suburbs|IsA|residential area
butterflies|thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
junk|television|IsA|store items
building|exchange|IsA|room in a house
boat|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
park|trees|IsA|country
library|manual|IsA|thing you can touch
pocket|bubblegum|IsA|thing you have on person
bathroom|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
marmoset|swamp|AtLocation|below
florida|california|IsA|place
skin|people|UsedFor|buying food
library|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
movie|wallet|UsedFor|storage
park|conference|IsA|place or location
church|detroit|IsA|place you visit
television|nature|IsA|place
stamps|drawer|UsedFor|eating
jar|mouth|CapableOf|be watched
kitchen|condiments|CapableOf|cook things
conference|opera|IsA|place or location
discipline|movement|HasProperty|tiring
bed|kitchen|HasProperty|found in a house
apartment|jail|HasA|fee to visit
porch|airport|IsA|room or building
stamps|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
desktop|garage|IsA|furniture
sleep|junk|IsA|animal
car|medium|IsA|physical item 
trash|street|HasA|first letter b
garage|medium|IsA|physical item 
conference|disneyland|HasA|ticket box usually
windowsill|box|HasProperty|man-made
garden|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
jar|universe|AtLocation|public area
backpack|cupboard|IsA|location
jail|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
glass|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
stream|woods|IsA|1 syllable word
dog|dishwasher|UsedFor|indoor activities
shed|closet|UsedFor|storing physical things
vaccines|death|AtLocation|usually in a bed
choir|telephone|AtLocation|on/in the human body
sewer|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
office|telephone|IsA|study room
library|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
bathroom|war|CapableOf|be heard
church|garden|UsedFor|work
hospital|store|UsedFor|reading books
staircase|person|IsA|type of building
condiments|oven|HasA|store edible items
russia|australia|IsA|place
drawer|apartment|HasProperty|furniture
box|closet|IsA|place
lamp|office|AtLocation|inside someone's home
thinking|field|UsedFor|studying
outside|frisbee|UsedFor|throwing
valley|computer|IsA|country or state
outside|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere to go
michigan|box|IsA|furniture
shelf|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
meeting|clothing|UsedFor|learning
ceiling|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
library|books|IsA|necessity for education
beer|bottle|IsA|type of business
field|cage|UsedFor|cooking
injuries|argument|IsA|positive card
pantry|table|AtLocation|indoors
choir|voice|IsA|tv show
attic|radio|IsA|place in a house
building|passageway|HasA|beds
human|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
cellar|mouse|IsA|room
television|head|HasProperty|related to studying
kitchen|wall|IsA|place to store items
minnesota|michigan|IsA|part of a municipality
pride|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
roof|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
cupboard|pot|IsA|building
pain|depression|IsA|positive thing
church|homes|UsedFor|free
rain|lamp|IsA|car
like|enjoyment|IsA|activity
farm|motel|HasProperty|a workplace
house|water|IsA|car
cellar|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
countryside|house|UsedFor|transportation
bed|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
store|mountain|CapableOf|fly
program|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
depression|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
case|film|IsA|something found in a household
shelf|dishes|IsA|furniture 
minnesota|washington|PartOf|a house/home
television|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
bus|village|IsA|country or state
communication|like|IsA|verb
school|office|IsA|place to live
supermarket|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
desktop|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
conference|pocket|UsedFor|writing
supermarket|bathroom|CapableOf|be opened/closed
magazine|television|UsedFor|news
tree|birds|HasProperty|man made
church|theater|HasProperty|part of a human
stamps|microwave|IsA|something found in a household
tennessee|barnyard|UsedFor|food
corner|clouds|CapableOf|show films
mountain|pennsylvania|MadeOf|plastic
house|clouds|UsedFor|driving
pond|river|IsA|somewhere animals swim
trunk|closet|UsedFor|to keep items
closet|hotel|IsA|place to live
computer|park|IsA|building
gymnasium|palace|IsA|in a home
bicycle|box|IsA|place to pray
books|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
enjoyment|empathy|IsA|emotion
forest|florida|IsA|place
city|barnyard|MadeOf|country
palace|animals|PartOf|the human body
enjoyment|listening|IsA|activity
house|backpack|UsedFor|storage
manual|information|AtLocation|on a shelf
injury|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
church|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
sink|window|IsA|furniture 
mexico|beach|AtLocation|outside
butterflies|food|CapableOf|fly
trunk|floor|UsedFor|to keep items
garage|apartment|HasProperty|a state in the usa
wedding|television|IsA|part of the body
wedding|classroom|UsedFor| gathering together
bathroom|couch|PartOf|house 
building|store|UsedFor|a holiday
wedding|classroom|HasProperty|alive
argument|enemies|HasA|physical element
dinner|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
supermarket|den|HasA|roof
action|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
beaver|excavation|IsA|country
performing|discovery|IsA|colorful
jail|park|IsA|place you visit
casino|can|HasProperty|a beverage
town|state|IsA|business that serves food
liquid|container|HasA|connection to food
office|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
restaurant|homes|UsedFor|a gathering of people
beach|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
garden|roof|HasProperty|found in a home
house|manual|IsA|product that people buy
attic|ground|AtLocation|indoors
cellar|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
cave|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
alcohol|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
doctor|dentist|CapableOf|store
film|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
army|canada|IsA|concept or place
sun|temple|CapableOf|move location
apartment|house|IsA|another word for show
room|loft|AtLocation|inside a person's home
house|jail|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
countryside|backyard|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
meeting|school|CapableOf|move
bathroom|rock|IsA|living/once living
restaurant|town|AtLocation|outside
potatoes|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
cupboard|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
color|university|UsedFor|studying
mexico|battle|IsA|place
pot|refrigerator|UsedFor|storing things in
street|snow|IsA|vacation destination
corner|clouds|UsedFor|storage
food|condiments|AtLocation|in a house
river|sea|IsA|small body of water
desk|park|IsA|n electronic device
air|ocean|IsA|location
house|backpack|IsA|made of wood
couch|skyscraper|UsedFor|travel
closet|corner|IsA|place for clothes
office|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
restaurant|store|AtLocation|in a house
waterfall|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
dishwasher|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
snore|trouble|AtLocation|in home
container|space|PartOf|wood
television|ground|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
ocean|jar|HasA|pipe system attached
jar|families|UsedFor|eating
outside|playground|AtLocation|at a party
contemplating|injury|IsA|colorful
basement|supermarket|HasA|roof
germany|good|PartOf|building
basement|attic|IsA|structure or building
museum|television|HasProperty|a room
fatigue|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
apartment|bar|UsedFor|car repair
office|passageway|UsedFor|a holiday
magazine|newspaper|CapableOf|store
nature|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
restaurant|home|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
city|park|CapableOf|have people physically in it
kitchen|toilet|IsA|building
nest|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
plate|table|HasProperty|used for meals
water|pool|UsedFor|transportation
meeting|school|IsA|object
wallet|desk|IsA|something you eat off
yard|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
desk|bathroom|UsedFor|work
gymnasium|court|IsA|in a home
newspaper|doctor|CapableOf|store
apartment|refrigerator|IsA|looks like house
room|closet|PartOf|house
food|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
table|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
utensils|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
refrigerator|pantry|UsedFor|storage
countryside|trees|IsA|place people work and live
work|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
party|church|HasA|usually have people inside
park|outside|UsedFor|throwing
yard|building|CapableOf|be man made
newspaper|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
sleeping|death|PartOf|human body
outside|mountains|IsA|natural scenario
utensils|dinner|IsA|piece of furniture
jail|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
weather|rain|IsA|geographic location
funeral|building|HasProperty|found in a house
silence|song|HasA|sound
conference|apartment|UsedFor|putting on a show
library|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
bed|magazines|CapableOf|store
france|wilderness|HasA|car
school|ocean|UsedFor|reading books
temple|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
carpet|table|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
party|manual|PartOf|food and drink
outside|ground|HasA|opening or door
sea|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
school|house|IsA|another word for show
injuries|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
utensils|box|UsedFor|storage
concert|carnival|UsedFor|travel
library|color|IsA|part media
conference|confession|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
pantry|glass|IsA|furniture
house|car|UsedFor|storage
effort|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
store|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
computer|valley|IsA|country or state
windowsill|shelf|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
shelf|table|IsA|1 syllable word
forest|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
sugar|cupboard|HasProperty|found below ground level
garden|plants|HasA|green plant
bedroom|desktop|MadeOf|wood
chair|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
dinner|dust|IsA|made of wood
opera|theater|IsA|part of a human
painting|ground|HasProperty|in a cold climate
outdoors|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
dinner|color|UsedFor|studying
college|home|CapableOf|have people  inside
dictionary|colorado|IsA|activity 
newspaper|magazine|UsedFor|news
box|jar|UsedFor|storage
war|class|CapableOf|be heard
montana|suburb|HasProperty|a location
outdoors|countryside|IsA|1 syllable word
newspaper|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
loft|rug|AtLocation|inside a person's home
coats|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
office|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
outside|wall|MadeOf|wood
roof|store|IsA|living thing
moon|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
forest|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
food|pride|IsA|emotion
cupboard|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
outdoors|garden|IsA|country
trunk|house|UsedFor|to keep items
bread|party|IsA|product that people buy
groceries|refrigerator|UsedFor|storing things in
television|lamp|IsA|study room
jail|house|IsA|product that people buy
chair|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
floor|trunk|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
table|drawer|UsedFor|storage
bathroom|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
sunshine|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
hospital|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
attic|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
mountains|marmoset|IsA|state
pleasure|hunger|IsA|emotion
office|bar|HasProperty|a property 
ceiling|roof|IsA|place to sleep
train|entertainment|UsedFor|overnight stays
fox|arkansas|IsA|us state
forest|countryside|CapableOf|be man made
refrigerator|condiments|IsA|location or room
water|ocean|HasA|pipe system attached
supermarket|change|IsA|thing you have on person
moon|glass|IsA|vacation destination
outdoors|building|HasA|properties of any kind
person|death|HasA|exterior walls
wall|picture|AtLocation|library
table|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
briefcase|classroom|UsedFor|writing
park|idaho|HasProperty|something you can touch
building|factory|CapableOf|be made with bricks
state|michigan|IsA|part of a municipality
sunbathers|sun|IsA|vacation destination
movement|stretch|CapableOf|cause injury
performing|thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
box|chocolate|IsA|public building
apartment|wedding|IsA|planet
kitchen|jar|AtLocation|public area
television|ground|HasProperty|known as dirty
theater|park|IsA| event
furniture|cat|IsA|place
library|house|HasProperty|material
encyclopedia|desktop|UsedFor|viewing/reading
wilderness|trees|AtLocation|below
heaven|russia|MadeOf|paper
toronto|trouble|PartOf|house
shelf|food|AtLocation|in  a residence
nails|soup|UsedFor|storage
meeting|library|AtLocation|in a store
office|cabinet|IsA|school supply
ground|windowsill|PartOf|glass
atlas|map|IsA|building
attic|garage|UsedFor|cooking
refrigerators|pantry|UsedFor|keeping things cool
kitchen|airplane|AtLocation|in your room
furniture|roof|UsedFor|decoration
town|suburb|IsA|part of a municipality
hospital|palace|PartOf|the human body
shelf|museum|UsedFor|storage
nature|furniture|PartOf|house
moon|hallway|HasProperty|white
paper|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
boxes|mouse|IsA|room
people|body|HasProperty|an event
street|glass|IsA|vacation destination
bar|refrigerator|IsA|piece of furniture
sloth|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
clothing|porch|UsedFor|cooling
party|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
cupboard|clothing|IsA|1 syllable word
desk|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
park|bedroom|IsA|building
beach|disneyland|HasProperty|hot
pride|contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
satisfaction|teaching|IsA|negative feeling or expression
meeting|head|UsedFor|studying
shelf|dust|UsedFor|keeping things inside
table|shoes|UsedFor|indoor activities
fun|box|AtLocation|within a building's structure
state|michigan|IsA|business that serves food
table|shelf|MadeOf|wood
love|smiles|IsA|verb
garden|street|HasA|first letter c
television|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
sink|jar|IsA|man made
shock|sorrow|IsA|negative thing
sweetness|happiness|IsA|emotion
chair|conference|IsA|religious card
kitchen|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
refrigerator|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
utensils|coffee|IsA|furniture
glass|silverware|HasA|edible items for sale
closet|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
crying|hunger|MadeOf|wood
ocean|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
aquarium|ocean|HasA|3 letters
shelf|cupboard|HasProperty|made of wood
street|trash|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
trash|plate|IsA|furniture
countryside|city|UsedFor|transportation
kitchen|tile|AtLocation|with water
circus|concert|HasA|ticket box usually
building|conference|IsA|room in a house
windowsill|carpet|AtLocation|in a home
pantry|condiments|AtLocation|in a house
confession|god|UsedFor|praying
marmoset|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
lamp|room|UsedFor|work
notebook|refrigerator|HasProperty|sold in stores
australia|florida|IsA|proper noun
casino|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
shelf|dust|MadeOf|wood
kitchen|roof|IsA|place to store items
dentist|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
heaven|castle|UsedFor|travel
agreement|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
egypt|city|UsedFor|driving 
church|jail|HasProperty|a place where people sing
magazine|bed|CapableOf|store
workplace|restaurant|UsedFor|punishing people
room|bar|CapableOf|be entered
park|library|CapableOf|be alive
silence|electricity|UsedFor|live performances
ocean|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
jail|motel|CapableOf|hold people against their will
heaven|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
clothing|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
ground|california|HasProperty|a state in the usa
telephone|wires|HasProperty|a property 
refrigerator|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
sink|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
telephone|house|IsA|ground where child play
earth|wedding|IsA|house where man live
office|passageway|IsA|place to live
bedroom|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
shock|depression|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
school|wedding|IsA|part of the body
magazine|radio|UsedFor|news
action|fear|CapableOf|fly
trouble|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
garage|river|UsedFor|eating or drinking
court|school|IsA|in a home
tent|opera|IsA|social event
garage|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
disneyland|attic|UsedFor|cooking
fear|thinking|IsA|colorful
morgue|person|IsA|type of fluid
library|classroom|IsA|location
internet|television|MadeOf|people gathering together
internet|opera|HasProperty|a gathering place
book|head|IsA|physical tangible object
head|color|UsedFor|studying
cabinet|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
opera|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
cupboard|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
sink|kitchen|HasProperty|edible
street|bathtub|MadeOf|organic brown matter
war|house|PartOf|the human body
glass|field|HasProperty|made of wood
band|doctor|IsA|nation symbol
table|glass|HasProperty|edible
store|utensils|UsedFor|storage
desk|wallet|IsA|form of entertainment
bowl|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
michigan|valley|IsA|building
table|shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
cup|condiments|HasA|empty space in it
street|bicycle|IsA|mode of transportation
house|palace|PartOf|the human body
cabinet|disneyland|IsA|dish
paper|jar|UsedFor|carrying things
canada|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
boxes|trunk|UsedFor|storing physical things
house|jar|PartOf|the galaxy
synagogue|church|UsedFor|buying food
cleanliness|arguments|MadeOf|golden
backpack|bedroom|AtLocation|inside a house
train|town|UsedFor|over night stays 
building|apartment|UsedFor|reading
enemies|defeat|IsA|positive card
house|hotel|CapableOf|have a street address
cupboard|museum|AtLocation|indoors
head|university|IsA|part media
library|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
lamp|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
toilet|restaurant|HasA|pool
church|homes|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
nails|container|IsA|location
information|thinking|HasProperty|related to studying
utensils|stamps|IsA|furniture
suburb|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
nightmares|vaccines|AtLocation|usually in a bed
corner|table|IsA|type /part of building
thinking|performing|CapableOf|cause pain
classroom|library|CapableOf|be used virtually 
desk|bedroom|IsA|n electronic device
snore|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
box|television|IsA|object
elevator|school|PartOf|building
floor|dust|HasProperty|an object
drugs|show|UsedFor|to get a degree
newspaper|clothing|IsA|physical item 
shelf|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
bar|dinner|PartOf|food and drink
doctor|human|MadeOf|by man
theater|apartment|IsA|part of a human
pocket|map|UsedFor|reading
music|carnival|IsA|action
love|building|IsA|business
sink|shelf|IsA|furniture 
cage|field|MadeOf|paper
field|ground|IsA|man made thing
party|bar|UsedFor|communication
creek|outdoors|MadeOf|trees
paper|book|HasA|walls
cellar|bathroom|IsA|food
store|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
stuff|coffee|MadeOf|wood
heaven|field|IsA|country
party|car|AtLocation|on the map
understanding|action|IsA|physical state
trees|outdoors|CapableOf|be man made
mouse|kitchen|IsA|building
auditorium|circus|UsedFor|praying
town|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
outdoors|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
playground|park|IsA|nation
hallway|apartment|UsedFor|car repair
shelf|cupboard|UsedFor|washing or cooking
concert|funeral|IsA|place
moon|countryside|IsA|animal or book
love|store|IsA|public place
demonstration|computer|UsedFor|learning
bedroom|toilet|IsA|room in a property
office|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
closet|ground|AtLocation|in the sky
buildings|town|UsedFor|putting on a show
church|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
mess|apartment|HasProperty|a type of building
plate|stamps|IsA|place
classroom|office|IsA|object that can be held
families|jar|UsedFor|eating
farm|train|IsA|tourist destination
apartment|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
table|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
jar|classroom|UsedFor|writing
university|security|IsA|object that can be held
lamp|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
house|subdivision|IsA|state
ground|corner|AtLocation|in your home
valley|state|IsA|business that serves food
onions|bread|IsA|type of food
blood|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
windowsill|michigan|CapableOf|fly
encyclopedia|dust|CapableOf|contain multiple people
human|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
classroom|jar|IsA|school supply
circus|office|IsA|n item of furniture
house|ground|PartOf|body
boxes|box|IsA|structure or building
countryside|pond|IsA|nation
rain|hallway|UsedFor|work
school|toilet|HasA|pool
workplace|detroit|IsA|place you visit
garage|drawer|CapableOf|opened or closed
church|people|HasProperty|an event
toilet|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
garden|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
pantry|dishes|UsedFor|food
shelf|windowsill|IsA|place
shed|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
cabinet|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
music|opera|CapableOf|be heard
place|persia|HasA|legs
backpack|car|HasProperty|an object
supermarket|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
joy|pride|IsA|verb
apartment|kitchen|UsedFor|reading
wisconsin|bridge|HasProperty|human made
michigan|box|UsedFor|eating
love|excitement|HasProperty|an emotion
backyard|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
chair|junk|HasProperty|an animal
office|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
store|yard|IsA|animal
store|house|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
pleasure|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
shock|money|IsA|negative thing
garden|playground|CapableOf|be part of a house
pot|container|UsedFor|drinking 
loft|classroom|IsA|specific part of a structure
connection|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
commercial|cage|IsA|place
grape|soup|IsA|sweet or savory
bedroom|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
bathroom|office|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
ground|leaves|MadeOf|wood
ballpark|answer|HasA|to do with planets
cage|store|PartOf|physical structure
refrigerators|condiments|AtLocation|in a house
enjoyment|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
utensils|stuff|IsA|piece of furniture
water|toilet|UsedFor|link between places
mansion|buildings|IsA|location
encyclopedia|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
glass|sink|HasProperty|edible
attic|sleep|PartOf|house
passageway|closet|IsA|item of clothing
box|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
bowl|box|IsA|location
office|table|IsA|a place to read books
problems|instruction|IsA|emotion
windowsill|valley|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
pride|regret|IsA|feeling
valley|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
building|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
room|moon|HasProperty|white
apartment|conference|IsA|commercial browser
briefcase|cabinet|IsA|place of learning
neighborhood|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
street|rain|HasProperty|white
cheese|container|IsA|location or room
apartment|buildings|UsedFor|living inside of
classroom|roof|IsA|place to sleep
ceiling|rug|PartOf|house
cage|valley|MadeOf|trees
place|ceiling|HasA|legs
trunk|container|MadeOf|metal
wedding|opera|HasProperty|a gathering place
town|city|IsA|place where you can live
car|connection|AtLocation|library
injury|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
key|pocket|IsA|thing you have on person
restaurant|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
park|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
attic|garage|CapableOf|be used for storage
movie|microwave|IsA|dish
freeway|seaside|IsA|proper noun
cupboard|house|HasA|door
building|trees|IsA|place people work and live
refrigerators|stove|AtLocation|in a house
person|bathroom|CapableOf|be performed
meeting|information|HasProperty|a solid item 
mountain|himalayas|IsA|location
earth|supermarket|IsA|event
theater|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
newspaper|television|PartOf|the human body
sink|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
office|pen|UsedFor|writing
drawer|house|MadeOf|food
trash|trunk|UsedFor|storing physical things
desert|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
airport|heaven|PartOf|house 
ocean|store|UsedFor|reading books
building|storage|AtLocation|in united states
pot|toilet|IsA|furniture
backpack|floor|IsA|made of wood
home|airport|IsA|physical item 
locker|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
program|silence|UsedFor|live performances
storage|garage|CapableOf|have people living there
erections|sweat|HasProperty|negative in human sense
band|human|MadeOf|by man
bank|russia|UsedFor|food
convention|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
jar|moon|MadeOf|organic material
cabinet|table|UsedFor|viewing/reading
windowsill|closet|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
house|street|HasProperty|white
montana|park|IsA|place or location
teacher|nails|IsA|piece of furniture
outdoors|playground|AtLocation|outside
mountain|park|AtLocation|at a party
band|battle|IsA|country
field|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
school|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
clothing|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
birds|food|IsA|emotion
church|office|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
cabinet|jar|AtLocation|in a kitchen
car|trunk|IsA|made of wood
restaurant|television|IsA|room in a property
sleep|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
cage|wilderness|MadeOf|sand
toilet|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
forest|playground|AtLocation|outside
nature|junk|IsA|store items
trauma|knowledge|IsA|negative thing
puddle|soup|UsedFor|transportation
information|television|MadeOf|technology
building|beach|AtLocation|outside
clothing|floor|MadeOf|food
box|warehouse|UsedFor|storing physical things
car|conference|HasProperty|alive
hallway|street|IsA|car
action|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
cabinet|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
junk|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
stamps|wallet|IsA|dish
clothing|floor|IsA|room or building
countryside|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere to go
reflection|performing|CapableOf|fly
key|bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
beer|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
theater|body|HasProperty|an event
office|kitchen|UsedFor|cooking
city|theater|IsA| event
pocket|purse|IsA|thing you have on person
windowsill|carpet|HasProperty|found inside a house
attic|basement|IsA|room in a building
refrigerator|bread|PartOf|food and drink
airport|home|UsedFor|cooling
closet|water|AtLocation|within a building's structure
box|case|UsedFor|storage
apartment|home|IsA|building
contemplating|lightning|IsA|colorful
apartment|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
jail|homes|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
apartment|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
trouble|country|HasA|movie
park|beach|IsA|place
building|drugstore|IsA|specific part of a structure
subdivision|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
music|theater|UsedFor|live performances
dishwasher|table|AtLocation|inside a house
corner|friends|UsedFor|furniture
park|internet|MadeOf|paper
wallet|dishwasher|IsA|something you eat off
stomach|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
room|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
school|office|UsedFor|housing
sky|airport|AtLocation|above the ground
car|opera|HasProperty|alive
hole|field|UsedFor|cooking
hospital|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
plate|table|IsA|type of food
dinner|trunk|IsA|made of wood
bedroom|classroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
film|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
market|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
cellar|refrigerator|IsA|food
yard|garden|IsA|nation
wings|heaven|PartOf|house 
cut|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
lamp|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
pond|countryside|CapableOf|be part of a house
inspiration|knowing|IsA|emotion
apartment|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
microwave|television|AtLocation|in office blocks
school|office|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
food|restaurant|IsA|event
cup|cheese|IsA|location or room
countryside|roadway|MadeOf|sand
theater|church|IsA|room in a house
dishwasher|porch|IsA|place to make food
restaurants|refrigerator|PartOf|food and drink
closet|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
attic|bed|PartOf|house
pantry|shelf|IsA|object
farm|hotel|IsA|tourist destination
pocket|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
michigan|garage|MadeOf|water
suburbs|countryside|IsA|place where you can live
palace|school|HasA|roof
lamp|bedroom|IsA|building
human|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
head|book|IsA|physical tangible object
dishwasher|kitchen|IsA|furniture
container|table|UsedFor|keeping things cool
class|bathroom|CapableOf|be performed
utensils|box|MadeOf|plastic
street|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
excitement|laughter|HasProperty|an emotion
house|plants|AtLocation|outside
museum|map|CapableOf|be worn
suburb|china|IsA|place where you can live
hospital|love|IsA|business
ocean|bridge|PartOf|the galaxy
heaven|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
body|convention|IsA|place
house|church|UsedFor|work
information|meeting|PartOf|publication
carrots|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
bowl|cupboard|IsA|food
books|library|CapableOf|be held in your hand
soup|garage|CapableOf|be used as transport 
pride|relaxation|IsA|action
room|fun|IsA|place to pray
carrots|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
newspaper|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
sleep|floor|HasProperty|an animal
garden|building|CapableOf|be part of a house
city|switzerland|UsedFor|food
color|head|UsedFor|studying
freeway|beaver|CapableOf|be read
cupboard|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
dinner|newspaper|IsA|physical tangible object
office|paperwork|IsA|building
store|floor|UsedFor|decoration
factory|battle|IsA|country
office|desktop|HasProperty|a property 
lights|concert|IsA|place
airport|magazine|CapableOf|store
closet|library|UsedFor|a holiday
room|sky|IsA|car
theater|conference|IsA|house where man live
house|desk|IsA|inanimate object
pantry|bathroom|CapableOf|be moved around
radio|voice|IsA|tv show
closet|hospital|UsedFor|a holiday
beaver|books|IsA|place
furniture|loft|CapableOf|sleeping
head|class|IsA|part media
bread|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
entertaining|favors|IsA|physical emotion
neighborhood|suburbs|HasProperty|a country
suburb|minnesota|IsA|building
library|airport|IsA|place to live
suburbs|city|HasProperty|a country
town|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
stamps|utensils|CapableOf|be held in your hands
desert|street|HasProperty|related to water falling
garden|windowsill|PartOf|body
junk|toronto|IsA|animal
bedroom|museum|MadeOf|wood
knowledge|book|HasA|screen
park|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
remembering|inspiration|HasProperty|a physical item
love|crying|IsA|emotion
garden|house|AtLocation|outside
competing|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
outside|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
school|table|UsedFor|housing
home|rug|MadeOf|living parts
disneyland|dishwasher|IsA|dish
sunshine|hole|CapableOf|be currently visited
map|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
countryside|rock|IsA|man made thing
yard|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
vaccines|erections|CapableOf|hurt
drawer|bed|UsedFor|reading
mexico|canada|AtLocation|outside
desktop|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
car|information|CapableOf| be held in your hand
knowledge|hunger|MadeOf|wood
outdoors|wilderness|IsA|natural thing
australia|cage|MadeOf|paper
europe|garden|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
library|doctor|CapableOf|store
building|office|MadeOf|wood
dishes|glass|HasProperty|furniture
school|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
party|bar|CapableOf|be entered
house|clothing|IsA|made of wood
fingernails|bathtub|HasA|first letter c
office|bed|AtLocation|with water
color|library|HasProperty|a meal
maze|cave|HasA|airplanes
house|garden|HasA|head
change|florida|UsedFor|living
countryside|valley|IsA|natural thing
food|backpack|IsA|location
cage|beach|CapableOf|fly
injury|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
movies|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
closet|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
anger|suffering|IsA|noun
manual|supermarket|UsedFor|driving
outside|playground|MadeOf|plastic
countryside|garden|IsA|nation
exhaustion|arguments|MadeOf|nature
ocean|city|IsA|country or state
air|sun|AtLocation|at a home
trunk|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
problems|inspiration|MadeOf|wood
party|school|AtLocation|inside a house
office|television|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
california|apartment|IsA|place where people live
park|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
church|restaurant|UsedFor|work
convention|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
anger|defeat|IsA|positive card
countryside|ground|IsA|natural product or man made
house|school|HasProperty|a type of building
ocean|street|IsA|physical item 
desk|chair|IsA|n item of furniture
corner|shop|IsA|ground where child play
restaurant|clothing|UsedFor|learning
windowsill|forest|CapableOf|fly
table|bed|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
floor|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
disneyland|sewer|IsA|room (type)
carpet|floor|PartOf|an office
playground|outdoors|IsA|nation
cage|forest|IsA|living thing
airplane|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
canada|army|IsA|object/thing
attic|basement|UsedFor|mainly sleep
windowsill|michigan|HasProperty|man-made
cabinet|garage|UsedFor|cooking
sleep|problems|IsA|negative feeling
nails|container|IsA|school supply
garden|pond|IsA|country
countryside|trees|UsedFor|children to play
boxes|outside|IsA|room
key|bubblegum|CapableOf|be held in your hands
drawer|shelf|IsA|furniture 
ocean|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
sleeping|vaccines|AtLocation|usually in a bed
plate|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
synagogue|locker|CapableOf|be worn
school|student|UsedFor|reading and studying
garden|house|PartOf|body
passageway|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
like|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
bank|cage|MadeOf|sand
purse|money|IsA|thing you have on person
store|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
church|school|HasProperty|child friendly
loft|house|CapableOf|move location
car|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
supermarket|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
outdoors|trees|IsA|country
canada|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
bathroom|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
hotel|garage|HasProperty|a place where people sing
park|forest|IsA|part of nature
town|opera|UsedFor|learning
closet|attic|IsA|place to pray
earth|convention|IsA|place
bicycle|water|IsA|place to pray
canada|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
pantry|refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
restaurant|field|IsA|food
supermarket|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
fear|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
supermarket|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
tears|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
table|stamps|IsA|something found in a household
food|refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
supermarket|field|CapableOf| be moved
church|fun|PartOf|house
cinema|internet|HasProperty|alive
utensils|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
forest|yard|AtLocation|outside
anxiety|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
desktop|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
human|elevator|IsA|place you visit
cellar|attic|IsA|structure or building
bus|canada|AtLocation|on a map
safe|meeting|IsA|place to study
school|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
kitchen|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
bed|house|AtLocation|with water
house|neighborhood|IsA|state
corner|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
street|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
store|backpack|UsedFor|storage
australia|wilderness|IsA|place
water|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
floor|backpack|IsA|furniture 
detroit|castle|PartOf|house 
fun|favors|IsA|emotion
church|couch|MadeOf|glass
desk|roof|IsA|home appliance
depression|money|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
pantry|cup|HasA|empty space in it
information|internet|MadeOf|paper
rug|warehouse|IsA|private space
hotel|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
happiness|excitement|IsA|verb
dust|closet|MadeOf|food
supermarket|theater|HasProperty|alive
house|cabinet|UsedFor|mainly sleep
restaurant|table|HasProperty|edible
town|tent|IsA|planet
countryside|building|HasA|properties of any kind
pizza|stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
kitchen|classroom|CapableOf|move location
utensils|coffee|IsA|place
circus|ocean|UsedFor|praying
problems|hunger|MadeOf|wood
dishwasher|closet|AtLocation|inside a house
problems|knowing|IsA|emotion
montana|neighborhood|IsA|place where you can live
desert|sky|IsA|animal
table|college|UsedFor|housing
encyclopedia|classroom|UsedFor|viewing/reading
town|building|IsA|place to grow plants
city|excavation|UsedFor|digging 
coats|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
church|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
attic|factory|UsedFor|storing stuffs
sleep|pleasure|MadeOf|wood
kitchen|chair|UsedFor|cooking
vaccines|desires|CapableOf|hurt
airport|garden|IsA|object that can be held
room|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
manual|air|CapableOf|be entered
birds|forest|HasProperty|man made
backyard|floor|MadeOf|living parts
driveway|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
people|earth|HasProperty|an event
listening|happiness|IsA|something considered as positive
austria|canada|IsA|location
school|church|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
theater|people|HasProperty|an event
apartment|supermarket|IsA|location
loft|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
factory|workplace|IsA|place
drawer|case|IsA|form of entertainment
desk|party|IsA|n electronic device
earth|montana|UsedFor|learning
china|yard|IsA|state
england|village|AtLocation|on a map
groceries|cabinet|HasA|door
street|desert|HasProperty|associated with the environment
friends|doctor|UsedFor|furniture
apartment|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
store|cage|CapableOf|fly
floor|table|UsedFor|keeping things inside
hallway|kitchen|HasProperty|a public place
table|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
floor|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
dishwasher|backpack|IsA|furniture
homes|restaurant|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
bathroom|office|AtLocation|in a house
pool|garage|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
trash|porch|IsA|furniture
bed|shoes|AtLocation|inside a house
food|table|HasA|store edible items
street|basement|IsA|place to pray
table|books|CapableOf|be held with one hand
restaurant|building|IsA|nature-related
town|suburb|HasProperty|a location
house|garden|UsedFor|work
exercise|effort|HasProperty|a physical activity
supermarket|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
air|disneyland|IsA|shoe
bedroom|basement|IsA|room in a building
discovery|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
montana|building|IsA|place or location
synagogue|monastery|IsA|place of religion
mind|person|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
creek|stream|MadeOf|water
plate|cup|IsA|location or room
pen|paper|IsA|school supply
dictionary|magazine|CapableOf|be read
clouds|alcohol|IsA|product that people buy
store|kitchen|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
countryside|rock|AtLocation|outside
window|sink|IsA|furniture 
kitchen|building|IsA|ceremony
mountain|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
cheese|bread|IsA|location or room
refrigerator|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
relaxation|revelations|UsedFor|seeking an answer
nest|bathroom|PartOf|physical structure
war|elevator|CapableOf|be heard
yard|playground|UsedFor|swimming
jar|cupboard|CapableOf|be eaten
airport|porch|IsA|physical item 
school|carnival|CapableOf|be heard
god|imagination|IsA|mental place
attic|room|PartOf|house
museum|telephone|UsedFor|communication
confusion|music|PartOf|building
game|meeting|UsedFor|learning
wilderness|forest|IsA|man-made thing
computer|lamp|IsA|study room
canada|mexico|IsA|nature-related
wallet|case|IsA|something found in a household
store|garden|AtLocation|in a home
trouble|home|UsedFor|standing on
dust|desktop|CapableOf|contain multiple people
cupboard|stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
money|sorrow|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
glass|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
arkansas|texas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
church|university|IsA|place
countryside|house|HasProperty|a location
like|love|IsA|physical emotion
field|restaurant|CapableOf| be moved
kitchen|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
microwave|computer|AtLocation|in office blocks
refrigerator|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
skyscraper|castle|UsedFor|travel
disneyland|garage|IsA|furniture
refrigerator|trash|CapableOf|be used with a computer
garden|classroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
beach|porch|UsedFor|serving food
program|table|UsedFor|work
street|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
sink|apartment|HasProperty|furniture
anger|aggression|HasA|physical element
museum|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
ranch|switzerland|IsA|animal
food|restaurant|HasProperty|related to eating
supermarket|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
desert|newspaper|IsA|state
jail|room|HasProperty|a place where people sing
shelf|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
embarrassment|shock|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
movie|university|IsA|place people can meet
crying|agreement|IsA|emotion
clothes|house|MadeOf|food
floor|desk|UsedFor|sitting on
body|people|IsA|part of a human
wine|steakhouse|IsA|us state
arguments|allergies|MadeOf|golden
computer|apartment|UsedFor|reading and studying
porch|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
store|market|CapableOf|be sweet
reflection|contemplating|IsA|emotion
park|dog|AtLocation|inside a house
hotel|hospital|IsA|item of clothing
sleeping|sweat|CapableOf|hurt
discipline|effort|AtLocation|on the body
apartment|wallet|UsedFor|storage
museum|restaurant|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
dictionary|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
food|lightning|IsA|colorful
library|information|HasA|letter e in it
disneyland|sugar|IsA|room
casino|florida|UsedFor|living
thinking|information|HasProperty|related to studying
encyclopedia|dust|UsedFor|storage of physical items
electricity|computer|UsedFor|work
skyscraper|heaven|UsedFor|travel
pond|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
sink|books|IsA|furniture 
condiments|burger|IsA|location or room
head|field|IsA|physical tangible object
computer|telephone|AtLocation|inside someone's home
nature|home|UsedFor|cooking food
minnesota|michigan|IsA|building
roof|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
floor|garbage|IsA|place
fun|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
pain|communication|IsA|emotion
restaurant|garden|IsA|country
street|desert|HasProperty|related to water falling
trash|dishwasher|CapableOf|be used with a computer
meeting|college|HasProperty|material
city|antarctica|UsedFor|food
nature|outdoors|IsA|natural thing
theater|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
ground|street|HasA|feet to stand 
toilet|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
remembering|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
couch|table|MadeOf|glass
human|show|UsedFor|recreation activity
building|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
passageway|house|IsA|item of clothing
attic|bedroom|IsA|room
town|conference|IsA|location
hallway|work|AtLocation|indoors
street|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
bridge|jar|PartOf|kitchen
workplace|factory|HasProperty|visited by tourists
library|synagogue|UsedFor|holding art collections
basement|church|IsA|type of room
plants|house|HasA|head
school|college|IsA|place of formal education
pool|glass|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
attic|water|AtLocation|within a building's structure
meeting|university|IsA|place people can meet
montana|earth|IsA|place
montana|china|IsA|place where you can live
closet|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
glass|pool|IsA|physical item 
building|basement|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
church|restaurant|UsedFor|free
ocean|building|UsedFor|reading books
house|basement|IsA|car
garage|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
game|club|UsedFor|learning
drink|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
backyard|town|IsA|place to grow plants
floor|room|IsA|informal term for youth
office|corner|IsA|study room
outside|bathroom|UsedFor|sport
loft|classroom|IsA|place to sleep
playground|forest|AtLocation|outside
forest|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
potatoes|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
world|town|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
clothing|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
corner|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
entertainment|train|AtLocation|on a map
summer|park|HasProperty|hot
church|park|IsA|country
office|party|HasProperty|used for learning
toilet|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
garage|house|CapableOf|hold people against their will
president|trouble|IsA|book
store|loft|UsedFor|decoration
bag|box|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
cellar|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
thinking|cut|IsA|negative emotion
loft|bedroom|PartOf|vehicle
house|bathroom|HasA|door
skate|confusion|PartOf|building
cabinet|pot|IsA|place to make food
relaxation|discovery|UsedFor|seeking an answer
table|plate|HasProperty|used for meals
nature|sun|UsedFor|work
outside|box|AtLocation|on the map
ground|plants|CapableOf|laugh
windowsill|shelf|IsA|place
cupboard|store|CapableOf|be sweet
europe|meeting|UsedFor|learning
rug|backyard|HasA|legs
dust|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
radio|mouth|IsA|tv show
food|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
refrigerators|kitchen|UsedFor|storing edible things
closet|water|IsA|place to pray
corner|office|HasProperty|a public place
shelf|roof|UsedFor|storage
closet|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
information|television|AtLocation|in a store
reflection|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
bathtub|room|IsA|type of building
machine|telephone|UsedFor|fun
briefcase|backpack|IsA|building
backyard|forest|CapableOf|be part of a house
locker|map|IsA|place of learning
kitchen|garage|IsA|room in a building
lake|nature|IsA|natural thing
conference|building|IsA|human or part of human
alabama|fox|HasA|even number of letter
desktop|summer|IsA|vacation destination
pantry|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
communication|crying|IsA|negative feeling
store|clothes|UsedFor|storage
tears|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
conference|apartment|UsedFor| gathering together
nature|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
demonstration|school|IsA|pencil
city|prison|IsA|proper noun
toilet|woods|HasProperty|a room
mountains|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
supermarket|mansion|HasProperty|alive
park|table|AtLocation|on the map
trees|yard|IsA|place people work and live
groceries|home|CapableOf|be moved around
world|ocean|PartOf|the continent 
floor|dentist|CapableOf|store
home|concert|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
utensils|clothing|MadeOf|food
show|human|CapableOf|promote health
church|synagogue|IsA|religious card
desktop|toilet|AtLocation|home
dance|opera|CapableOf|be performed
park|humans|HasProperty|something you can touch
aircraft|human|IsA|job
dinner|jail|IsA|product that people buy
hole|india|IsA|animal
floor|drawer|MadeOf|wood
air|house|UsedFor|driving
airport|birds|PartOf|house 
building|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
sleep|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
aquarium|bay|HasA|water
supermarket|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
rain|arctic|PartOf|city
airport|doorway|AtLocation|mostly inside
mountains|outside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
montana|washington|IsA|border state
tree|park|PartOf|house
garden|movie|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
television|dust|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
museum|garage|AtLocation|in a building
backyard|bedroom|IsA|part of a house
attic|cellar|CapableOf|be used for storage
aircraft|stadium|UsedFor|living in
bathroom|connection|IsA|business
house|greenhouse|IsA|building
hotel|house|HasA|usually have people inside
table|computer|UsedFor|housing
room|store|IsA|part of a house
home|food|AtLocation|in a house
forest|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
suffering|punishment|IsA|noun
roof|ocean|IsA|living thing
synagogue|ocean|UsedFor|praying
woods|toilet|HasProperty|a room
information|class|IsA|part media
book|library|MadeOf|technology
anxiety|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
groceries|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
synagogue|montana|IsA|part of a human
bar|market|HasProperty|for buying things
school|ocean|UsedFor|a holiday
bar|kitchens|PartOf|business
restaurant|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
book|library|IsA|part media
town|earth|IsA|place you buy food
bridge|sink|CapableOf|store small items
backyard|restaurant|IsA|nation
building|bedroom|IsA|item of clothing
kitchens|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
field|australia|UsedFor|food
speaker|computer|AtLocation|in office blocks
information|internet|CapableOf| be held in your hand
sea|waterfall|HasA|water
drugs|battle|UsedFor|to get a degree
airport|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
dishes|glass|IsA|furniture
oven|stomach|HasProperty|made of wood
garbage|drawer|IsA|store items
shelf|table|IsA|something kept at home
store|countryside|IsA|animal
india|city|CapableOf|be read
closet|dust|IsA|place in a house
michigan|england|AtLocation|on a map
crying|trauma|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
apartment|refrigerator|IsA|place where people live
montana|supermarket|UsedFor|camping
desk|drawer|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
water|ground|IsA|car
box|car|HasProperty|a building structure
world|ocean|IsA|continent
attic|chair|IsA|place
refrigerators|plate|HasProperty|used for meals
information|class|HasA|screen
case|utensils|IsA|place
drawer|dishes|IsA|furniture 
park|playground|IsA|country
cupboard|bathroom|HasA|roof
warehouse|store|UsedFor|storing physical things
corner|desktop|IsA|room
office|library|IsA|building
thinking|understanding|UsedFor|driving
circus|people|IsA|religious card
injury|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
microwave|dishwasher|IsA|something you eat off
meeting|class|HasA|person stood at the front
park|switzerland|AtLocation|at a party
rug|sewer|IsA|private space
school|hotel|IsA|building
subdivision|town|UsedFor|transportation
wall|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
trunk|kitchen|CapableOf|move people
dentist|magazine|CapableOf|store
subdivision|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
happiness|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
telephone|television|AtLocation|on/in the human body
movie|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
dinner|bread|CapableOf|be entered
subdivision|roadway|IsA|state
nightmares|problems|HasProperty|typically positive
desktop|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
commercial|magazine|IsA|place
birds|cut|IsA|emotion
utah|michigan|PartOf|the south
drawer|chair|AtLocation|in home
desktop|office|CapableOf|be used for travel
water|cellar|IsA|place to pray
suburb|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
television|country|UsedFor|work
kitchen|mess|AtLocation|with water
classroom|demonstration|UsedFor|learning
refrigerator|container|IsA|type of food
table|stove|HasA|store edible items
trees|garden|HasA|walls
attic|cellar|IsA|place to pray
porch|shop|IsA|physical item 
outdoors|trees|IsA|nature-related
library|university|IsA|location
cage|wilderness|MadeOf|trees
town|minnesota|IsA|building
refrigerator|supermarket|CapableOf|be opened/closed
lightning|discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
salad|soup|IsA|sweet or savory
groceries|cabinet|CapableOf|be moved around
suburbs|china|UsedFor|transportation
elevator|chair|IsA|place where you can visit
disneyland|mouse|IsA|room (type)
supermarket|town|IsA|house where man live
store|school|UsedFor|reading books
garden|store|HasProperty|man made
briefcase|nails|IsA|place where students learn
groceries|pantry|MadeOf|wood
shop|floor|CapableOf|store
hotel|auditorium|HasA|fee to visit
refrigerator|notebook|HasProperty|sold in stores
pot|jar|UsedFor|drinking 
boredom|arguments|MadeOf|pause
office|school|UsedFor|student
mountains|louisiana|IsA|us state
school|workplace|IsA|type of building
books|library|HasA|letter e in it
thinking|reflection|CapableOf|fly
city|government|HasA|movie
disneyland|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
drawer|car|UsedFor|storage
pennsylvania|outside|AtLocation|at a party
headache|park|MadeOf|pause
park|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
inside|river|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
pennsylvania|austria|IsA|location
sky|mountain|CapableOf|fly
dust|closet|IsA|made of wood
suburb|nebraska|IsA|building
disneyland|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
lamp|church|MadeOf|glass
store|teacher|IsA|school supply
germany|mind|CapableOf|be heard
oven|cup|AtLocation|in a house
dancing|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
hospital|bar|IsA|list of alphabets
house|toilet|UsedFor|living in
television|internet|HasA|letter e in it
seaside|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
basement|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
stamps|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
crying|love|IsA|sad emotion
theater|building|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
control|sun|HasA|movie
desktop|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
library|information|IsA|physical object
forest|countryside|IsA|living/once living
refrigerator|bread|IsA|product that people buy
sunbathers|disneyland|HasProperty|hot
maze|passageway|IsA|business
cabinet|mouse|IsA|room
church|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
garage|shed|CapableOf|be used for storage
church|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
newspaper|table|AtLocation|library
house|hallway|UsedFor|work
street|change|IsA|place to be entertained
seattle|disneyland|IsA|brand
store|office|CapableOf|have a street address
bathroom|connection|HasA|airplanes
cellar|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
floor|clothing|CapableOf|store
bedroom|street|IsA|business that serves food
box|trash|IsA|furniture
forest|countryside|HasA|walls
apartment|house|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
attic|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
jar|plate|IsA|  place
river|valley|AtLocation|inland
pantry|container|IsA|  place
stomach|oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
box|sky|IsA|living thing
hole|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
reflection|cut|CapableOf|cause pain
wedding|conference|HasProperty|alive
fish|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
park|snow|IsA|vacation destination
control|sun|CapableOf|place
desktop|electricity|MadeOf|wood
town|theater|UsedFor| gathering together
like|excitement|IsA|activity
countryside|china|CapableOf|be parked on
air|supermarket|UsedFor|driving
pain|crying|IsA|negative thing
closet|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
cooking|rosebush|IsA|us state
conference|opera|IsA|planet
backpack|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
office|party|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
dreams|vaccines|AtLocation|usually in a bed
kitchen|wall|UsedFor|reading
building|closet|IsA|item of clothing
desk|stamps|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
pot|toilet|AtLocation|inside a house
hotel|school|IsA|part of the body
desktop|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
newspaper|book|CapableOf| be held in your hand
laughter|love|IsA|physical emotion
apartment|conference|IsA|location
box|bed|AtLocation|on the map
depression|pain|HasProperty|linked to food
synagogue|conference|HasA|ticket box usually
university|office|CapableOf|have people  inside
river|inside|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
mouse|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
conference|carpet|IsA|type of room
boat|wilderness|HasA|water
closet|desk|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
performing|birds|IsA|emotion
can|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
internet|newspaper|HasA|letter e in it
airplane|human|CapableOf|move freely
dishwasher|party|AtLocation|inside a house
valley|forest|MadeOf|trees
refrigerator|garage|CapableOf|be found in a house
prison|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
office|desk|UsedFor|cooking
table|dog|UsedFor|indoor activities
supermarket|bathroom|HasA|door
school|museum|IsA|place
conference|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
windowsill|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a home
library|closet|UsedFor|a holiday
apartment|building|IsA|ceremony
drinking|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
box|car|AtLocation|on the map
chair|trunk|HasA|four wheels
drink|commercial|IsA|animal or book
jungle|ballpark|IsA|place or location
church|dance|IsA|room in a house
cat|bedroom|IsA|animal
lamp|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
listening|suicide|MadeOf|the human body
marmoset|texas|MadeOf|metal
money|purse|IsA|thing you have on person
person|confusion|IsA|action
computer|corner|HasA|first letter c
suburbs|countryside|MadeOf|sand
church|office|IsA|room in a house
montana|canada|UsedFor|digging 
love|wall|IsA|public place
maze|love|IsA|business
tent|town|IsA|home
trauma|nostalgia|HasProperty|linked to food
auditorium|confession|IsA|mental place
building|town|HasA|ticket box usually
pantry|condiments|HasProperty|used for meals
candy|families|IsA|event
computer|party|IsA|ground where child play
restaurant|container|HasProperty|a beverage
desert|bank|UsedFor|holding animals
gate|connection|IsA|public place
yard|woods|IsA|living/once living
club|movie|IsA|place people can meet
table|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
egypt|store|IsA|country
forest|america|CapableOf|be read
detroit|jail|IsA|place you visit
cup|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
television|restaurant|IsA|event
kitchen|bathroom|AtLocation|in a building
drawer|table|MadeOf|food
school|library|IsA|place where people work
classroom|restaurant|IsA|room
synagogue|church|IsA|part of a human
park|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
birds|butterflies|HasA|physical appearance
accomplishment|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
pocket|wallet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
home|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
dishwasher|cupboard|IsA|place to make food
fun|satisfaction|IsA|verb
mail|container|IsA|structure or building
closet|loft|CapableOf|part  of a household
desk|cabinet|IsA|something found in a household
silence|music|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
chair|library|IsA|necessity for education
jungle|backyard|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
airport|apartment|HasProperty|able to be entered
supermarket|opera|HasA|ticket box usually
meeting|class|IsA|part media
like|agreement|IsA|verb
city|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
nightmares|desires|HasProperty|negative in human sense
apartment|computer|UsedFor|reading and studying
plants|windowsill|AtLocation|inside a home
store|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
michigan|bar|IsA|country
desktop|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
park|workplace|UsedFor|education
church|table|MadeOf|wood
heaven|montana|IsA|place of religion
bathroom|minnesota|IsA|location
apartment|refrigerator|IsA|food
assessment|building|CapableOf|be attended
house|newspaper|IsA|state
table|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
church|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
desktop|computer|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
skyscraper|churchyard|AtLocation|indoors
closet|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
city|tennessee|UsedFor| housing animals
garden|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
airport|home|CapableOf|store
apartment|backpack|IsA|furniture 
encyclopedia|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
tennessee|switzerland|UsedFor|food
beach|ocean|CapableOf|fly
kitchen|table|MadeOf|metal
classroom|conference|UsedFor|carrying things
smiles|agreement|IsA|verb
entertainment|motel|IsA|tourist destination
soup|potatoes|IsA|food
carrots|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
park|university|IsA|place you can visit
building|airport|CapableOf|have a street address
factory|human|IsA|job
room|backyard|IsA|part of a house
passageway|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
food|cup|HasProperty|used for meals
playground|trees|AtLocation|outside
apartment|floor|IsA|object
restaurant|forest|AtLocation|outside
stamps|movie|UsedFor|storage
doctor|show|UsedFor|to get a degree
palace|school|HasA|exterior walls
jar|television|CapableOf|be eaten
louisiana|california|IsA|us state
classroom|map|UsedFor|reading
store|office|IsA|place where students learn
desert|countryside|UsedFor|expanding development
box|television|IsA|place
silverware|bedroom|HasProperty|edible
bedroom|minnesota|IsA|business that serves food
table|demonstration|PartOf|admin role
demonstration|airport|HasProperty|a public place
monastery|heaven|IsA|religious card
store|container|IsA|room in a home
field|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
bar|bedroom|IsA|room
corner|party|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
country|trouble|HasA|movie
house|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
apartment|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
church|tent|IsA|part of a human
backpack|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
countryside|australia|IsA|place
shoes|rug|UsedFor|indoor activities
television|park|IsA|public building
clouds|balloon|IsA|product that people buy
restaurant|field|CapableOf| be moved
jungle|park|IsA|place or location
closet|hotel|IsA|item of clothing
library|toilet|HasA|pool
dentist|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
class|library|HasA|screen
newspaper|information|HasA|screen
bank|wilderness|IsA|animal
film|stamps|IsA|something found in a household
joy|fun|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
groceries|bar|IsA|type of business
shed|loft|CapableOf|part  of a household
restaurant|candy|IsA|part of the body
classroom|backpack|UsedFor|writing
ficus|teapot|IsA|place people live
shock|embarrassment|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
building|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
wall|furniture|MadeOf|wood
building|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
like|tears|IsA|activity
connection|airport|IsA|business
box|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
desktop|snow|IsA|vacation destination
knowledge|television|IsA|place for students
montana|conference|IsA|house where man live
snow|air|IsA|type of place
bedroom|desktop|AtLocation|indoors
spoon|store|IsA|type of room
table|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
tree|swimming|IsA|animal
restaurant|candy|IsA|event
yard|garden|CapableOf|be part of a house
room|basement|IsA|place
corner|desktop|AtLocation|indoors
table|apartment|UsedFor|student
garden|home|IsA|object that can be held
briefcase|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
fun|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
table|cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
desert|rain|AtLocation|at america
apartment|market|IsA|food
restaurant|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
neighborhood|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
air|room|HasProperty|white
defeat|anger|IsA|positive card
picture|table|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
computer|demonstration|IsA|building
information|color|IsA|part media
joy|satisfaction|IsA|feeling
sky|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
fatigue|humiliation|IsA|emotion
books|dictionary|IsA|place
street|dirt|HasA|feet to stand 
ontario|canada|PartOf|north america
building|maze|IsA|business
furniture|classroom|MadeOf|wood
airport|bathroom|IsA|object that can be held
encyclopedia|field|HasA|screen
kitchen|container|IsA|type of food
box|store|PartOf|natural landscape
park|garden|PartOf|body
table|microwave|IsA|dish
opera|church|IsA|place
garage|junk|PartOf|house
neighborhood|town|IsA|place where you can live
sunshine|windowsill|HasProperty|hot
books|glass|IsA|object
freeway|city|IsA|man-made thing
canada|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
thinking|knowledge|PartOf|human mind
meeting|inside|CapableOf|move
store|roof|IsA|part of a house
bottle|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
switzerland|pennsylvania|AtLocation|at a party
restaurant|yard|IsA|country
dream|hunger|IsA|emotion
carpet|floor|IsA|type of room
color|safe|HasProperty|a meal
store|nails|IsA|school supply
building|yard|IsA|place people work and live
mail|bag|IsA|structure or building
assessment|garage|CapableOf|make a sound
city|cow|MadeOf|country
landfill|dust|HasA|opening or door
utensils|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
clothing|suit|UsedFor|wearing
clothing|bed|CapableOf|store
drawer|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
contemplating|butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
carpet|conference|IsA|type of room
junk|floor|IsA|place
computer|fingernails|HasA|wheels
window|bed|HasProperty|found in a house
pocket|nails|IsA|place where students learn
agreement|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
room|church|AtLocation|within a building's structure
pond|boat|IsA|place that humans can swim
pain|crying|IsA|negative feeling
newspaper|house|IsA|object
closet|room|AtLocation|within a building's structure
radio|song|IsA|tv show
table|film|UsedFor|storage
pleasure|depression|MadeOf|wood
pocket|locker|IsA|place of learning
sun|water|AtLocation|at a home
office|floor|IsA|type of room
safe|library|HasProperty|a meal
wilderness|underground|IsA|activity 
fulfillment|entertaining|IsA|something considered as positive
condiments|plate|UsedFor|keeping things cool
fatigue|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
boxes|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
bathroom|school|HasA|usually have people inside
clothes|store|UsedFor|storage
love|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
injuries|fight|HasA|physical element
desk|library|IsA|n electronic device
bedroom|porch|UsedFor|work
couch|castle|UsedFor|travel
drinking|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
apartment|cellar|CapableOf| be moved
ocean|park|UsedFor|throwing
pantry|plate|HasA|empty space in it
mexico|building|AtLocation|outside
enemies|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
roof|greenhouse|CapableOf|laugh
pantry|table|MadeOf|wood
enemies|aggression|IsA|positive card
ground|attic|IsA|place for clothes
street|trash|HasA|first letter b
pond|building|IsA|place you visit often
town|montana|IsA|home
table|cabinet|UsedFor|viewing/reading
river|pond|HasA|earth
chicken|water|CapableOf|be used as transport 
house|college|UsedFor|washing
soup|nails|UsedFor|storage
bowl|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
table|box|MadeOf|wood
briefcase|map|UsedFor|reading
house|newspaper|IsA|object
drinking|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
movie|microwave|IsA|something you eat off
human|store|UsedFor|education
drawer|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
seaside|india|CapableOf|be read
book|thinking|IsA|place for students
air|alcohol|IsA|product that people buy
shed|store|IsA|structure or building
people|tent|IsA|place you buy food
apartment|computer|HasProperty|a room
stomach|cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
cabinet|locker|CapableOf|be worn
museum|office|CapableOf|be worn
celebrating|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
nightmares|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
forest|bridge|IsA|living/once living
river|ocean|IsA|somewhere animals swim
roof|cupboard|CapableOf|be found in a house
nature|desert|IsA|1 syllable word
asia|canada|IsA|location
ocean|office|IsA|religious card
lamp|garden|MadeOf|glass
bicycle|attic|IsA|place to pray
locker|cabinet|CapableOf|be used for travel
container|pizza|IsA|location or room
plants|park|PartOf|house
pleasure|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
rug|cup|UsedFor|indoor activities
buildings|conference|UsedFor| gathering together
chair|cat|HasProperty|a household item
montana|city|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
theater|building|UsedFor|reading
people|apartment|HasProperty|part of a human
park|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
light|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
bank|cage|AtLocation|in home
pride|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
restaurant|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
beach|playground|IsA|nation
paper|notebook|IsA|school supply
town|yard|AtLocation|outside
garage|table|UsedFor|keeping books
restaurant|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
excitement|tears|IsA|activity
bedroom|garage|IsA|room in a building
america|australia|IsA|proper noun
manual|information|PartOf|publication
hospital|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
pennsylvania|canada|MadeOf|plastic
closet|box|AtLocation|inside a house
basement|program|IsA|physical and movable item
trauma|hunger|IsA|emotion
product|plate|CapableOf|be purchased
park|sun|IsA|place
kitchens|pantry|IsA|type of food
bar|restaurant|CapableOf|treat illness and disease
peanuts|pot|HasA|connection to food
supermarket|box|IsA|event
moon|ocean|HasProperty|a building
concert|opera|UsedFor|worship
container|jar|UsedFor|carrying things
fish|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
refrigerator|bedroom|AtLocation|indoors
pennsylvania|mountain|MadeOf|rocks
injury|cut|IsA|physical damage to the body
town|earth|IsA|part of a human
garden|trees|IsA|place people work and live
store|street|HasProperty|man made
fear|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
michigan|stuff|MadeOf|wood
closet|shelf|HasProperty|a beverage
grass|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
cupboard|disneyland|IsA|room
relaxation|fun|IsA|verb
laughter|crying|IsA|sad emotion
town|park|HasA|walls
sleep|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
windowsill|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
backpack|nails|CapableOf|be eaten
shoes|closet|AtLocation|inside a house
window|pantry|CapableOf|be used for school
marmoset|trees|HasA|car
apartment|home|HasProperty|where someone can live
shelf|bottle|AtLocation|in a kitchen
concert|airport|CapableOf|have people  inside
park|greenhouse|HasA|head
garage|roof|MadeOf|wood
building|cave|UsedFor|reading books
nebraska|street|IsA|building
corner|wall|IsA|room
outdoors|park|IsA|place people work and live
bottle|shelf|IsA|type of business
nightmares|money|PartOf|mental disorder
excitement|teaching|IsA|negative feeling or expression
bedroom|shelf|UsedFor|storage
pocket|library|CapableOf|be used virtually 
drawer|film|IsA|something found in a household
countryside|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
bathroom|apartment|IsA|food
fun|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
sink|silverware|HasA|edible items for sale
music|opera|IsA|action
store|conference|UsedFor|carrying things
sky|countryside|HasProperty|man made
cave|passageway|UsedFor|reading books
country|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
pain|sleep|IsA|emotion
park|forest|AtLocation|outside
building|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
map|atlas|HasA|walls
cat|room|IsA|part of a house
cupboard|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
ball|trash|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
dishes|pantry|UsedFor|food
utensils|clothes|UsedFor|to keep items
newspaper|neighborhood|IsA|state
supermarket|room|CapableOf|be entered
yard|park|AtLocation|outside
ocean|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
country|government|AtLocation|on map
table|refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
library|party|IsA|ground where child play
pocket|jar|IsA|piece of furniture
bread|plate|IsA|location or room
apartment|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
desktop|classroom|UsedFor|reading
empathy|happiness|IsA|activity
jar|families|IsA|part of the body
house|outside|IsA|room
driveway|town|IsA|state
market|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
car|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
cupboard|utensils|HasProperty|an object
countryside|nest|IsA|living thing
summer|desktop|HasProperty|hot
relaxation|action|UsedFor|driving
montana|imagination|IsA|n item of furniture
town|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
office|computer|IsA|study room
garden|town|UsedFor|swimming
desk|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
coats|hotel|IsA|place to live
party|office|IsA|building
cave|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
europe|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
church|confession|UsedFor|praying
chair|carpet|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
bathtub|building|MadeOf|wood
dishwasher|toilet|AtLocation|inside a house
suit|clothing|UsedFor|learning
ballpark|jar|HasA|to do with planets
university|information|HasProperty|a meal
mountains|fox|IsA|state in uk
vaccines|dreams|IsA|feeling
sadness|trauma|HasProperty|linked to food
war|person|CapableOf|be heard
town|body|IsA|place
lamp|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
people|apartment|HasProperty|an event
theater|convention|UsedFor|buying food
supermarket|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
closet|chair|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
church|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
street|park|HasProperty|hot
demonstration|person|HasProperty|a type of property
beach|forest|HasProperty|man-made
nest|box|IsA|living thing
outdoors|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
container|nails|IsA|location
office|building|IsA|item of clothing
restaurant|table|MadeOf|wood
supermarket|money|CapableOf|keeping cash
rock|countryside|IsA|stone
inspiration|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
africa|ocean|IsA|specific place
rug|house|HasA|animal
atlas|desktop|HasA|walls
bathroom|school|HasA|roof
apartment|library|IsA|location
key|change|CapableOf|be held in your hands
church|theater|IsA|place you buy food
florida|street|IsA|place you can visit
airport|detroit|UsedFor|travel
disneyland|cabinet|HasProperty|found below ground level
wedding|opera|IsA|event
book|university|HasProperty|related to studying
opera|apartment|IsA|planet
clothing|table|UsedFor|reading 
store|bathroom|UsedFor|sell things
wall|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
church|movie|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
change|pocket|UsedFor|living
tension|sweat|IsA|positive card
passageway|maze|HasA|airplanes
kitchen|bedroom|HasProperty|a public place
pantry|kitchen|HasA|empty space in it
trash|mouse|IsA|place to make food
supermarket|synagogue|HasProperty|part of a human
backyard|countryside|HasA|walls
house|car|MadeOf|wood
outside|mexico|HasA|1 syllable  word
supermarket|cabinet|HasA|door
thinking|performing|CapableOf|fly
greenhouse|windowsill|UsedFor|children to play
bedroom|building|IsA|type of room
supermarket|church|HasProperty|part of a human
argument|fight|IsA|positive card
russia|field|IsA|place where money is kept
car|street|PartOf|house
desk|table|HasA|legs
heaven|church|IsA|mental place
manual|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
hole|cage|IsA|place
minnesota|state|IsA|business that serves food
doctor|drawer|IsA|room or building
garden|yard|CapableOf|be man made
roof|home|CapableOf|move location
convention|skin|IsA|part of a human
electricity|table|UsedFor|worship
purse|bubblegum|HasA|function
jar|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
seaside|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
head|color|IsA|part media
cup|table|AtLocation|in a house
river|ocean|HasA|earth
glass|table|AtLocation|in  a residence
toilet|university|IsA|furniture
forest|beach|CapableOf|fly
trees|countryside|HasA|walls
nightmares|remembering|IsA|negative thing
office|desktop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
airport|jail|UsedFor|cooling
earth|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
field|street|MadeOf|metal or plastic
television|computer|HasProperty|a room
garage|building|UsedFor|storing stuffs
forest|store|CapableOf|fly
closet|street|IsA|place
library|books|IsA|thing you can touch
television|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
humiliation|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
yard|computer|IsA|country or state
garden|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
greenhouse|roof|CapableOf|laugh
kitchen|library|HasProperty|able to be entered
ocean|auditorium|IsA|religious card
happiness|smiles|HasProperty|an emotion
hotel|apartment|CapableOf|hold people against their will
windowsill|ground|CapableOf|laugh
suburb|town|IsA|place where you can live
anxiety|contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
bedroom|attic|IsA|room (type)
cabinet|supermarket|HasA|roof
effort|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
television|floor|PartOf|house
pocket|briefcase|IsA|building
restaurant|church|IsA|country
church|building|HasA|a bath
junk|cat|PartOf|house
anger|panic|IsA|five-letter word
ground|air|IsA|car
orbit|container|AtLocation|public area
classroom|school|IsA|pencil
house|cabinet|IsA|room (type)
heaven|imagination|IsA|mental place
opera|house|UsedFor|work
building|montana|IsA|place or location
table|film|IsA|piece of furniture
valley|woods|MadeOf|trees
film|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
doctor|magazine|CapableOf|store
people|sky|PartOf|building a house
restaurant|program|UsedFor|worship
skin|conference|IsA|part of a human
home|house|HasA|roof
desktop|papers|AtLocation|home
cellar|bathroom|CapableOf|be opened/closed
closet|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
seattle|street|HasProperty|associated with the environment
sink|glass|HasProperty|edible
rain|snow|IsA|brand
bar|kitchen|HasProperty|for buying things
club|church|AtLocation|in a building
food|birds|IsA|colorful
pain|embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
car|closet|AtLocation|on the map
joy|arguments|CapableOf|be physically touched
depression|sorrow|IsA|emotion
michigan|state|IsA|part of a municipality
conference|classroom|UsedFor|writing
bathroom|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
favors|fun|IsA|emotion
library|lawn|IsA|visible object
toronto|sleep|IsA|animal
building|conference|CapableOf|make a sound
trunk|dust|UsedFor|keeping things inside
skate|mind|CapableOf|be heard
park|human|AtLocation|indoors
answer|ballpark|HasA|to do with planets
furniture|cat|HasProperty|an animal
garage|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
driveway|roadway|CapableOf|be parked on
fish|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
imagination|god|IsA|place of religion
regret|excitement|IsA|feeling
embarrassment|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
warehouse|closet|UsedFor|storage
garage|pantry|MadeOf|wood
boat|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
conference|car|HasProperty|alive
sunshine|glass|IsA|vacation destination
lamp|table|MadeOf|wood
dust|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
class|book|HasProperty|a meal
food|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
michigan|backpack|IsA|furniture
sewer|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
kitchen|plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
stomach|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
shelf|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
battle|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
suburb|subdivision|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
park|rug|AtLocation|on the map
bed|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
river|sea|IsA|somewhere animals swim
house|bridge|CapableOf|can you drink it
bridge|country|HasA|water
synagogue|carnival|IsA|place or location
bathroom|theater|IsA|location
park|theater|IsA| event
montana|street|HasA|buildings in it
ball|bearing|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
picture|table|MadeOf|paper
cellar|apartment|CapableOf|be opened/closed
meeting|newspaper|UsedFor|reading
bar|restaurant|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
love|suffering|IsA|emotion
key|wallet|UsedFor|living
key|casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
montana|church|UsedFor|buying food
creek|valley|MadeOf|trees
computer|michigan|AtLocation|on a map
carrots|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
refrigerator|kitchen|IsA|type of food
clothing|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
shelf|jar|MadeOf|wood
shower|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
manual|air|IsA|product that people buy
shed|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
school|candy|IsA|event
floor|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
ocean|water|CapableOf|store small items
park|funeral|UsedFor|music
restaurants|dinner|PartOf|food and drink
house|college|CapableOf|move
conference|earth|IsA|part of a human
anxiety|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
forest|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
restaurant|floor|IsA|place or location
pond|garden|IsA|country
head|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
universe|dictionary|IsA|place
corporation|government|HasA|movie
box|table|AtLocation|inside a house
reflection|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
car|attic|IsA|place to pray
electricity|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
ballpark|liquid|UsedFor|storage
switzerland|barnyard|UsedFor|food
stamps|drawer|MadeOf|wood
television|manual|CapableOf|be held in your hand
jail|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
class|television|IsA|place for students
contemplating|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
workplace|school|HasProperty|child friendly
newspaper|ceiling|AtLocation|library
hotel|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
desk|wall|AtLocation|above the ground
furniture|rug|IsA|type of building
furniture|television|HasProperty|a household item
trauma|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
information|class|HasProperty|related to studying
table|computer|IsA|pencil
container|cupboard|IsA|location
class|library|HasProperty|a meal
college|school|IsA|building
office|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
airplane|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
suburbs|suburb|IsA|rural region
india|florida|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
city|canada|CapableOf|make you do something
farmyard|bathroom|PartOf|a house/home
tears|fun|IsA|emotion
microwave|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
aquarium|sea|IsA|somewhere animals swim
furniture|nature|PartOf|house
australia|india|IsA|country
church|bathroom|IsA|type of room
bag|funeral|IsA|room in a home
party|library|IsA|ground where child play
store|demonstration|HasProperty|used at meal time
dust|ground|IsA|place you can go
shelf|cabinet|IsA|furniture
lamp|office|IsA|place to live
countryside|town|HasProperty|a country
street|suburb|IsA|building
people|earth|IsA|place
newspaper|bed|UsedFor|cooling
church|homes|UsedFor|punishing people
cabinet|jar|IsA|school supply
classroom|demonstration|IsA|building
moon|school|IsA|animal or book
trouble|toronto|IsA|animal
rock|countryside|AtLocation|outside
box|families|UsedFor|eating
hospital|passageway|IsA|place to live
electricity|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
hallway|yard|IsA|country or state
arkansas|tennessee|HasA|even number of letter
auditorium|ocean|UsedFor|praying
movie|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
cabinet|toilet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
closet|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
contemplating|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
passageway|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
injuries|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
cat|floor|IsA|place
montana|church|IsA|place of religion
papers|toilet|AtLocation|in bathroom
market|airport|IsA|type /part of building
california|city|CapableOf|be read
tent|convention|IsA|social event
pleasure|knowledge|IsA|emotion
home|hallway|IsA|type /part of building
lasagna|product|CapableOf|be purchased
yard|pond|CapableOf|be man made
synagogue|tent|IsA|commercial browser
puddle|medium|UsedFor|eating or drinking
basement|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
conference|jar|IsA|piece of furniture
house|bar|HasA|usually have people inside
california|indiana|IsA|place
bed|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
australia|heaven|IsA|animal
kitchen|market|HasProperty|able to be entered
hotel|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
garden|park|HasA|head
nature|countryside|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
classroom|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
town|building|HasA|ticket box usually
pot|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
closet|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
bed|doorway|PartOf|house 
house|connection|IsA|public place
room|car|IsA|product that people buy
program|concert|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
jungle|ballpark|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
junk|attic|IsA|store items
desk|table|UsedFor|furnishing a house
clothes|dust|UsedFor|to keep items
furniture|kitchen|IsA|ceremony
empathy|fulfillment|IsA|emotion
garden|europe|IsA|place people can meet
trouble|president|HasA|movie
backpack|paper|IsA|building
birds|airport|UsedFor|eating
classroom|airplane|IsA|place to sleep
bar|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
love|passageway|HasA|airplanes
town|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
house|candle|IsA|car
hospital|building|HasA|front desk
embarrassment|knowledge|PartOf|mental disorder
utensils|dinner|IsA|furniture
snore|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
burrow|underground|IsA|place
yard|forest|IsA|country
refrigerators|oven|UsedFor|storing edible things
cupboard|cabinet|HasProperty|furniture
bank|desert|IsA|country
school|box|AtLocation|inside a house
homes|school|UsedFor|punishing people
garden|church|IsA|place people can meet
purse|pocket|IsA|thing you have on person
restaurant|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
mexico|town|AtLocation|outside
town|earth|UsedFor|buying food
telephone|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
newspaper|meeting|AtLocation|in a store
kitchen|cabinet|AtLocation|in a building
country|trouble|CapableOf|place
library|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
wilderness|forest|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
cup|food|HasA|store edible items
carnival|music|CapableOf|be performed
farmyard|minnesota|IsA|location
thinking|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
california|india|CapableOf|be read
greenhouse|restaurant|IsA|furniture
montana|supermarket|IsA|event
stuff|case|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
casino|church|CapableOf|keeping cash
notebook|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
satisfaction|confusion|IsA|negative emotion
encyclopedia|library|IsA|part media
airplane|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
antarctica|cow|IsA|animal
castle|doorway|UsedFor|travel
car|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
disneyland|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
sorrow|embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
bridge|wisconsin|HasA|water
synagogue|disneyland|IsA|place or location
closet|table|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
house|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
corner|shop|IsA|n electronic device
office|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
supermarket|park|IsA|place
ceiling|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
city|valley|AtLocation|in your company
field|bank|UsedFor|food
yard|suburbs|IsA|state
food|backpack|UsedFor|storage
supermarket|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
relaxation|excitement|IsA|action
funeral|boxes|IsA|structure or building
locker|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
supermarket|table|HasProperty|edible
action|change|CapableOf|keeping cash
refrigerator|wall|MadeOf|wood
pain|embarrassment|IsA|sad emotion
restaurant|concert|UsedFor|worship
cupboard|desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
church|auditorium|HasProperty|a place where people sing
supermarket|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
desires|dreams|AtLocation|usually in a bed
cabinet|teacher|UsedFor|writing
lamp|church|UsedFor|work
backpack|nails|IsA|location
snore|sleep|IsA|place
ceiling|sky|IsA|car
store|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
street|montana|HasProperty|a country
restaurant|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
rock|cottage|HasProperty|in a cold climate
passageway|house|HasA|airplanes
junk|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
exercise|motion|CapableOf|cause injury
shock|embarrassment|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
opera|conference|HasProperty|alive
classroom|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
contemplating|understanding|IsA|physical state
classroom|bedroom|IsA|object that can be held
dictionary|underground|IsA|activity 
supermarket|buildings|HasProperty|a gathering place
understanding|discovery|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
bed|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
street|town|MadeOf|sand
factory|workplace|UsedFor|children to study
nightmares|dreams|IsA|physical object
internet|newspaper|UsedFor|news
water|closet|IsA|place to pray
body|church|IsA|part of a human
corner|ground|IsA|place in a house
library|desktop|IsA|building
glass|floor|HasProperty|furniture
potatoes|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
plate|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
microwave|bedroom|IsA|part of a house
pocket|briefcase|IsA|place where students learn
corner|telephone|IsA|building
garage|nature|HasProperty|a household item
bathroom|bed|UsedFor|travel
bowl|garage|IsA|furniture
yard|ground|IsA|living/once living
happiness|favors|IsA|activity
birds|reflection|IsA|emotion
mansion|theater|UsedFor| gathering together
florida|prison|CapableOf|be read
corner|outside|UsedFor|storage
paper|cabinet|IsA|place of learning
boat|furniture|IsA|ceremony
cabinet|classroom|UsedFor|carrying things
airport|library|HasProperty|a public place
conference|cinema|HasProperty|alive
maze|passageway|IsA|public place
inside|college|HasProperty|material
couch|garden|MadeOf|glass
manual|newspaper|AtLocation|in a store
park|universe|IsA|drink
house|building|CapableOf|have a street address
suburb|montana|HasProperty|a country
theater|boat|UsedFor|reading
pot|mouse|IsA|building
inspiration|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
building|warehouse|CapableOf|have people living there
container|cabinet|HasProperty|found below ground level
groceries|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
town|montana|IsA|residential area
jail|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
house|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
church|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
closet|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cupboard|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
jail|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
house|speaker|MadeOf|wood
furniture|rug|HasA|ceiling
fun|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
motion|discipline|AtLocation|on the body
building|theater|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
cellar|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
suburbs|suburb|MadeOf|sand
basement|attic|CapableOf|part  of a household
desktop|garden|UsedFor|work
discovery|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
swamp|wilderness|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
restaurant|bar|UsedFor|storing things inside
exhaustion|boredom|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
countryside|painting|HasProperty|in a cold climate
human|birds|AtLocation|on a map
boat|city|HasProperty|human made
pride|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
michigan|town|AtLocation|inside a house
cellar|basement|IsA|place
basement|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
pain|knowledge|PartOf|mental disorder
library|desktop|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
fun|enjoyment|IsA|activity
market|airport|HasProperty|a public place
college|school|HasA|pool
desk|telephone|IsA|building
bathroom|windowsill|IsA|place where you can stand
telephone|choir|IsA|tv show
passageway|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
box|television|IsA|event
medium|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
classroom|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
connection|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
stamps|case|IsA|place
hallway|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
contemplating|discovery|IsA|emotion
playground|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
room|jail|HasProperty|a place where people sing
conference|assessment|CapableOf|make a sound
washington|minnesota|IsA|location
bowl|toilet|IsA|place to make food
house|table|UsedFor|worship
ground|market|HasProperty|used at meal time
dishwasher|window|IsA|furniture
porch|floor|UsedFor|reading
closet|dust|AtLocation|in the sky
apartment|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
attic|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
container|carnival|HasA|connection to food
home|bed|PartOf|house 
mouse|boxes|IsA|room (type)
potatoes|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
seattle|arctic|MadeOf|sand
store|briefcase|IsA|piece of furniture
house|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
book|shelf|AtLocation|library
head|safe|HasProperty|a meal
desktop|papers|CapableOf|opened or closed
closet|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
wedding|carpet|IsA|place or location
sorrow|controversy|IsA|positive thing
town|wedding|UsedFor| gathering together
ontario|washington|PartOf|political geographical area
desktop|motel|IsA|study room
fear|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
chicken|sink|UsedFor|transportation
computer|table|IsA|pencil
dishes|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
love|book|HasA|use electricity
bedroom|office|IsA|object that can be held
meeting|library|IsA|place for students
office|airport|UsedFor|cooking
mouth|movies|IsA|object
soup|grape|IsA|food
florida|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
soup|fly|UsedFor|transportation
wilderness|prison|IsA|proper noun
cup|plate|UsedFor|serving dinner
kitchen|bar|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
table|school|UsedFor|housing
government|corporation|IsA|book
clock|desktop|MadeOf|paper
store|forest|IsA|living thing
desk|dust|CapableOf|contain multiple people
beer|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
table|friends|IsA|type /part of building
encyclopedia|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
trunk|floor|MadeOf|food
carnival|peanuts|HasA|connection to food
building|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
air|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
book|manual|UsedFor|reading
jar|bubblegum|HasProperty|to do with currency
human|restaurant|IsA|state in usa
building|michigan|CapableOf|work
hospital|school|IsA|place
electricity|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
table|cupboard|HasProperty|furniture
museum|wall|MadeOf|wood
sink|desktop|HasProperty|edible
ocean|africa|IsA|specific place
theater|music|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
conference|classroom|HasProperty|alive
clothing|magazines|IsA|room or building
band|doctor|PartOf|man body
loft|roof|CapableOf|move location
homes|heaven|UsedFor|travel
newspaper|university|IsA|physical tangible object
table|drawer|IsA|dish
closet|bathtub|HasA|feet to stand 
kitchen|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
building|trees|IsA|nation
park|roof|PartOf|body
bedroom|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
hunger|sleep|IsA|emotion
newspaper|safe|HasProperty|a meal
university|humans|IsA|drink
jail|magazine|CapableOf|store
television|nature|AtLocation|in home
sky|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
garbage|furniture|AtLocation|in home
dust|attic|AtLocation|indoors
beach|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
park|ballpark|IsA|place or location
newspaper|radio|UsedFor|news
junk|sleep|IsA|animal
car|automobile|HasProperty|easily movable
office|school|IsA|place to live
case|dinner|IsA|place
park|playground|AtLocation|outside
computer|table|UsedFor|housing
state|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
trunk|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
refrigerator|supermarket|CapableOf|be entered
pocket|paper|UsedFor|writing
apartment|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
cinema|apartment|HasProperty|alive
class|meeting|IsA|part media
case|microwave|UsedFor|storage
tree|countryside|IsA|animal
sink|silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
jar|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
passageway|hospital|HasA|airplanes
motel|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
city|yard|IsA|state
casino|theater|UsedFor|living
people|musical|UsedFor|referring to humans
fun|water|IsA|mode of transportation
sea|ocean|IsA|somewhere animals swim
sleep|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
microwave|case|UsedFor|storage
junk|cat|AtLocation|in home
cabinet|bathroom|HasA|door
outdoors|valley|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
satisfaction|joy|IsA|feeling
punishment|punch|CapableOf|cause physical harm
drawer|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
wilderness|countryside|IsA|place
cat|trouble|IsA|place
cupboard|desk|MadeOf|wood
backyard|outdoors|IsA|outdoor area
backpack|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
wedding|town|IsA|place
bathroom|bar|IsA|room in a property
city|canada|AtLocation|on map
box|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
desert|park|IsA|part of nature
table|classroom|IsA|pencil
drawer|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
floor|house|HasProperty|removable
toilet|bedroom|UsedFor|car repair
store|desert|IsA|location
corner|shelf|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
motel|house|IsA|ground where child play
vaccines|nightmares|CapableOf|hurt
moon|jar|CapableOf|can you drink it
trauma|pain|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
anxiety|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
cage|store|IsA|living thing
bedroom|microwave|IsA|part of a property
homes|church|IsA|state in usa
silverware|cupboard|HasA|edible items for sale
container|oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
speaker|lamp|AtLocation|in a kitchen
wall|building|HasA|airplanes
fear|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
desk|lamp|IsA|building
papers|meeting|IsA|furniture
birds|human|AtLocation|on a map
safe|class|UsedFor|studying
house|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
montana|countryside|HasProperty|a location
forest|desk|MadeOf|a natural material
table|vase|IsA|room
jar|sink|CapableOf|store small items
maine|texas|IsA|us state
thinking|safe|IsA|part media
building|wall|IsA|business
egypt|beaver|UsedFor|digging 
kitchen|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
bank|australia|IsA|animal
air|party|IsA|product that people buy
den|pantry|CapableOf|be moved around
carnival|war|IsA|action
closet|loft|IsA|structure or building
desktop|wires|IsA|list of alphabets
country|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
backyard|park|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
theater|library|IsA|place where people live
wall|boat|IsA|ceremony
frustration|sadness|IsA|negative feeling
effort|motion|HasProperty|tiring
roof|street|AtLocation|outside
desk|chair|MadeOf|energy
stamps|film|IsA|something found in a household
skyscraper|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
chair|drawer|AtLocation|in home
neighborhood|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
opera|concert|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
ground|dirt|HasA|feet to stand 
cottage|countryside|IsA|place you can live
antarctica|barnyard|MadeOf|country
pond|waterfall|IsA|place that humans can swim
grape|potatoes|IsA|food
school|mansion|IsA|type of building
books|internet|AtLocation|in a store
contemplating|thinking|UsedFor|seeking an answer
trees|park|HasA|properties of any kind
hallway|church|IsA|type of room
cow|stable|MadeOf|country
problems|shock|PartOf|mental disorder
class|school|CapableOf|be heard
thinking|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
control|trouble|CapableOf|place
desktop|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
dance|music|CapableOf|be heard
kitchen|loft|IsA|place to sleep
desk|table|HasProperty|flat
plate|pantry|HasProperty|used for meals
store|school|IsA|item of clothing
knowing|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
thinking|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
market|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
clothing|throne|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
hotel|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
wedding|opera|IsA|location
lumberyard|basement|IsA|place or location
closet|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
kitchen|window|IsA|object
garage|fly|UsedFor|transportation
motel|jail|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
wedding|town|IsA|part of a human
university|field|HasA|screen
imagination|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
garage|outside|IsA|place to store items
restaurant|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
supermarket|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
homes|church|UsedFor|punishing people
nails|jar|IsA|location
homes|workplace|IsA|type of building
skin|supermarket|UsedFor|buying food
briefcase|pocket|IsA|school supply
theater|opera|IsA|place you buy food
oklahoma|mexico|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
map|paper|HasA|walls
airport|company|HasA|airplanes
floor|bed|CapableOf|be easily carried
silence|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
trouble|corporation|HasA|movie
cabinet|cupboard|HasA|roof
automobile|garage|CapableOf|be lived in
kitchen|floor|IsA|furniture 
swimming|roof|IsA|part of nature
encyclopedia|refrigerator|CapableOf|contain multiple people
shed|basement|IsA|place to pray
toilet|disneyland|IsA|building
palace|house|HasA|roof
dinner|trash|MadeOf|wood
conference|theater|HasProperty|a gathering place
satisfaction|excitement|IsA|negative feeling or expression
bathtub|floor|CapableOf|sleeping
house|basement|UsedFor|mainly sleep
fear|happiness|IsA|emotion
table|flowers|IsA|place or location
performing|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
flower|vase|UsedFor|at home
school|class|CapableOf|be heard
reflection|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
water|cellar|AtLocation|within a building's structure
attic|basement|PartOf|house
classroom|funeral|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
anxiety|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
home|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
antarctica|roof|IsA|room
airport|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
floor|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
manual|book|UsedFor|reading
embarrassment|controversy|IsA|positive thing
anxiety|pride|IsA|negative emotion
house|roadway|HasProperty|a location
backpack|stamps|IsA|furniture
table|bowl|IsA|something found in a household
meeting|inside|HasProperty|material
magazines|table|CapableOf|provide a service
floor|clothing|UsedFor|reading
conference|convention|IsA|place
school|cave|IsA|place to live
beach|porch|AtLocation|as part of a house
front|jar|HasA|to do with planets
butterflies|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
apartment|people|HasProperty|part of a human
books|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
windowsill|corner|IsA|place you can go
attic|basement|CapableOf|be used for storage
bedroom|kitchen|UsedFor|work
birds|tree|HasProperty|man made
box|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
head|dinner|PartOf|the human body
passageway|hospital|UsedFor|reading books
candle|street|IsA|car
room|street|UsedFor|work
bathroom|nest|IsA|place where you can stand
clothing|floor|IsA|physical item 
knowing|inspiration|IsA|emotion
trauma|hunger|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
corner|clouds|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
apartment|museum|AtLocation|in a building
roadway|yard|CapableOf|be parked on
fun|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
bathroom|building|IsA|business
coffee|box|IsA|furniture
desktop|paper|CapableOf|be used for travel
depression|embarrassment|IsA|something a baby could have
refrigerators|bathroom|CapableOf|cook
desert|ground|IsA|animal
motel|school|HasA|usually have people inside
america|city|CapableOf|be read
auditorium|theater|CapableOf|have people physically in it
airport|coats|IsA|place to live
house|shelf|UsedFor|to keep items
supermarket|jar|IsA|event
house|synagogue|HasA|exterior walls
plate|condiments|CapableOf|store things
battle|human|IsA|nation symbol
town|tent|IsA|event
town|skin|IsA|place
storage|garage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
refrigerator|cabinet|UsedFor|storage of physical items
table|car|AtLocation|on the map
exchange|church|IsA|room in a house
shop|party|IsA|study room
kitchen|apartment|UsedFor|urination
loft|rug|CapableOf|sleep on it
lumberyard|river|IsA|place or location
museum|bedroom|IsA|room in a property
forest|weather|IsA|type of place
laughter|tears|IsA|verb
encyclopedia|library|IsA|place for students
pain|agreement|IsA|emotion
ground|basement|HasProperty|white
roof|house|IsA|a animal
supermarket|classroom|IsA|location
room|car|CapableOf|be entered
fish|river|HasA|earth
temple|drugstore|IsA|specific part of a structure
chicken|soup|UsedFor|transportation
park|yard|IsA|living/once living
town|classroom|HasProperty|alive
toilet|sink|MadeOf|organic material
portfolio|refrigerator|HasProperty|sold in stores
food|reflection|IsA|emotion
theater|skin|HasProperty|an event
outdoors|beach|AtLocation|outside
hole|field|IsA|place
plate|bar|IsA|piece of furniture
dinner|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
sink|bridge|CapableOf|store small items
tropics|china|IsA|big space
airport|house|IsA|business
book|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
building|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
wallet|microwave|UsedFor|storage
russia|hole|IsA|place where money is kept
excitement|joy|IsA|action
bar|kitchen|IsA|type of food
agreement|like|IsA|physical emotion
families|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
color|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
bridge|boat|HasProperty|human made
theater|building|IsA|physical and movable item
attic|junk|HasProperty|an animal
temple|drugstore|IsA|place to sleep
office|jar|IsA|piece of furniture
lightning|anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
sky|michigan|IsA|living thing
mouse|boxes|HasProperty|found below ground level
bowl|field|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
bathtub|office|IsA|ceremony
container|shed|UsedFor|storing physical things
jar|pantry|HasA|empty space in it
library|manual|MadeOf|technology
hospital|closet|IsA|place to live
supermarket|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
garage|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
smiles|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
nightmares|death|HasProperty|negative in human sense
cupboard|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
party|wires|IsA|device used for working
wisconsin|bridge|CapableOf|be walked on
canada|desert|UsedFor|driving 
television|books|PartOf|publication
countryside|playground|IsA|place people work and live
desert|forest|HasProperty|associated with the environment
store|trunk|IsA|made of wood
people|montana|IsA|place you buy food
person|class|CapableOf|be performed
chocolate|movies|IsA|event
picture|ceiling|AtLocation|library
cup|container|IsA|type of room in houses
playground|yard|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
cup|closet|AtLocation|on the map
desktop|library|CapableOf|be worn
clothes|trunk|MadeOf|food
restaurant|bowl|HasProperty|related to eating
ground|leaves|IsA|natural product or man made
discovery|action|IsA|negative emotion
supermarket|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
car|closet|UsedFor|storage
field|class|IsA|part media
rug|loft|IsA|type of building
corporation|president|HasA|movie
house|gate|IsA|business
town|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
company|love|IsA|public place
car|work|HasA|use electricity
outdoors|backyard|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
sun|desktop|HasProperty|hot
canada|park|IsA|us state
desktop|locker|CapableOf|be worn
nature|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
asia|mountain|MadeOf|rocks
party|bed|AtLocation|inside a house
dog|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
school|factory|MadeOf|by man
book|knowledge|IsA|part media
remembering|pain|PartOf|mental disorder
dust|encyclopedia|CapableOf|contain multiple people
plants|park|AtLocation|inside a home
church|restaurant|HasA|person stood at the front
city|wisconsin|CapableOf|be walked on
cabinet|house|HasProperty|a room
hotel|jail|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
cupboard|refrigerator|IsA|food
supermarket|can|HasProperty|a beverage
dreams|sleeping|AtLocation|usually in a bed
car|street|AtLocation|within a building's structure
mexico|park|IsA|country
dictionary|stream|IsA|place
refrigerator|container|CapableOf|store things
love|agreement|IsA|emotion
sleeping|death|CapableOf|hurt
refrigerator|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
battlefield|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
desk|shelf|IsA|inanimate object
garden|building|AtLocation|outside
bathroom|court|UsedFor|sport
chairs|theater|IsA|type of room
supermarket|den|HasA|door
backyard|park|CapableOf|be part of a house
subdivision|china|IsA|state
entertaining|like|IsA|physical emotion
boat|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
desk|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
laughter|enjoyment|IsA|emotion
forest|shelf|MadeOf|a natural material
corner|hallway|HasProperty|able to be entered
moon|ocean|MadeOf|organic material
town|playground|HasA|walls
countryside|town|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
montana|city|IsA|location
television|motel|IsA|study room
kitchen|floor|IsA|object
crowd|concert|UsedFor|music
garage|junk|IsA|animal
hospital|building|IsA|place to live
oven|table|CapableOf|store things
bedroom|basement|IsA|room in a house
funeral|animals|PartOf|the human body
disneyland|inside|IsA|  place
bathroom|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
warehouse|sewer|AtLocation|inside a person's home
house|apartment|HasProperty|a type of building
blood|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
garage|desktop|AtLocation|in bathroom
trash|utensils|IsA|place
computer|backpack|UsedFor|learning
embarrassment|agreement|IsA|sad emotion
suburb|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
dust|clothing|UsedFor|to keep items
bridge|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
synagogue|wedding|IsA|part of a human
sewer|house|IsA|room in a building
desk|forest|MadeOf|a natural material
exercise|exercising|HasProperty|a physical activity
building|basement|IsA|type of room
confession|concert|IsA|place or location
garden|refrigerator|UsedFor|reading
chicken|car|IsA|physical item 
prison|australia|IsA|place
building|temple|CapableOf|move location
suburbs|town|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
desk|house|HasProperty|1 syllable
theater|kitchen|UsedFor|reading
moon|commercial|CapableOf|be currently visited
toilet|classroom|IsA|room in a property
passageway|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
contemplating|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
person|demonstration|PartOf|body
attic|clouds|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
apartment|supermarket|UsedFor|learning
california|refrigerator|HasProperty|a state in the usa
communication|dancing|IsA|activity
hotel|farm|HasProperty|a workplace
dishwasher|cabinet|AtLocation|inside a house
information|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
groceries|pot|UsedFor|storing things in
injury|performing|IsA|emotion
excavation|city|IsA|country
jar|moon|UsedFor|link between places
opera|wedding|IsA|event
yard|playground|IsA|nation
street|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
pool|soup|CapableOf|be used as transport 
change|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
mexico|canada|IsA|country
pleasure|crying|IsA|emotion
table|cup|HasProperty|used for meals
synagogue|town|UsedFor|buying food
dream|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
stretch|movement|CapableOf|cause injury
refrigerator|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
river|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
table|oven|HasA|edible items for sale
enjoyment|excitement|HasProperty|an emotion
apartment|restaurant|IsA|food
fight|death|IsA|positive card
cage|russia|UsedFor|food
shelf|store|IsA|1 syllable word
museum|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
home|library|CapableOf|store
playground|street|HasA|first letter b
manual|books|MadeOf|paper
beer|casino|MadeOf|metal
shelf|backpack|MadeOf|food
sun|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
minnesota|street|IsA|building
field|countryside|AtLocation|outside
dictionary|manual|UsedFor|viewing/reading
basement|church|IsA|place
pantry|floor|IsA|object
work|office|AtLocation|indoors
backpack|car|IsA|made of wood
park|countryside|IsA|living/once living
knowledge|head|IsA|place to study
bowl|food|IsA|location
books|backpack|IsA|furniture 
information|meeting|IsA|something kept a home
cup|dog|UsedFor|indoor activities
refrigerator|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
table|utensils|MadeOf|food
notes|school|HasProperty|material
woods|kitchen|HasA|usually have people inside
manual|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
college|library|UsedFor|washing
thinking|action|CapableOf|cause pain
dreams|death|AtLocation|usually in a bed
garage|home|HasProperty|a state in the usa
basement|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
lamp|office|UsedFor|a holiday
refrigerator|jar|CapableOf|store things
mouth|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
glass|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
yard|outdoors|CapableOf|be part of a house
basement|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
asia|austria|IsA|location
library|windowsill|AtLocation|at a famous university
cabinet|glasses|IsA|object that can be held
paper|classroom|UsedFor|reading
box|boxes|IsA|structure or building
village|office|IsA|country or state
canada|playground|AtLocation|at a party
roof|field|MadeOf|wood
office|kitchen|AtLocation|with water
peanuts|barn|IsA|music related event
bedroom|basement|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
church|skin|IsA|part of a human
chair|heaven|IsA|mental place
table|drawer|IsA|furniture 
bed|office|UsedFor|sitting on
home|couch|PartOf|house 
pain|remembering|IsA|emotion
montana|imagination|IsA|mental place
furniture|floor|HasProperty|a household item
field|store|CapableOf| be moved
communication|heart|IsA|feeling
house|jar|CapableOf|store small items
groceries|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
box|case|IsA|place
backpack|box|AtLocation|in a warehouse
floor|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
information|knowledge|HasProperty|related to studying
restaurants|jail|CapableOf|be entered
house|cabinet|IsA|room
arguments|joy|MadeOf|golden
disneyland|outside|IsA|room in a building
cut|performing|IsA|negative emotion
warehouse|apartment|PartOf|waste management system
home|rug|IsA|part of a house
animals|house|PartOf|the human body
boxes|house|IsA|room
books|desktop|CapableOf|be used virtually 
house|suburb|IsA|place where you can live
building|dance|IsA|room in a house
party|motel|HasA|usually have people inside
computer|speaker|UsedFor|lighting up a room
sweetness|suffering|UsedFor|punish
dance|desk|IsA|type of room
table|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
floor|kitchen|HasProperty|a type of building
boxes|cellar|IsA|room
refrigerator|california|IsA|place where people live
corner|wall|UsedFor|storage
house|palace|HasA|roof
refrigerator|table|HasProperty|used for meals
newspaper|clothing|IsA|room or building
hospital|passageway|IsA|public place
city|bus|AtLocation|in your company
exercising|exercise|HasProperty|usually fast
church|conference|IsA|room in a house
room|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
arguments|cleanliness|CapableOf|happiness
discovery|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
earth|church|IsA|planet
nails|container|IsA|piece of furniture
theater|classroom|IsA|ceremony
trauma|pain|IsA|positive thing
loft|warehouse|IsA|structure or building
factory|garden|UsedFor|generating products or plants
meeting|house|CapableOf|move
kitchen|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
airplane|classroom|IsA|place to sleep
table|garage|CapableOf|be found in a house
cupboard|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
library|museum|IsA|building
neighborhood|town|HasA|buildings in it
america|florida|CapableOf|be read
cabinet|sugar|IsA|room in a building
library|passageway|UsedFor|a holiday
train|hotel|IsA|tourist destination
city|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
greenhouse|bowl|IsA|furniture
canada|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
outdoors|pond|IsA|nation
pantry|refrigerator|IsA|  place
forest|valley|IsA|natural thing
utensils|case|IsA|place
opera|skate|PartOf|building
shelf|store|IsA|made of wood
tree|park|IsA|animal
seaside|freeway|CapableOf|be read
montana|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
dishwasher|apartment|HasProperty|furniture
student|university|UsedFor|reading and studying
drawer|table|UsedFor|reading 
chair|attic|MadeOf|energy
imagination|ocean|IsA|n item of furniture
basement|loft|CapableOf|part  of a household
earth|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
store|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
blanket|backpack|AtLocation|inside a house
air|park|MadeOf|natural materials
case|coffee|IsA|furniture
dinner|stamps|IsA|furniture
hotel|restaurant|IsA|event
house|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
library|airport|IsA|1 syllable  word
potatoes|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
information|book|IsA|part media
toilet|garage|HasProperty|a room
forest|sahara|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
wedding|funeral|IsA|part of the body
cupboard|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
food|cup|IsA|  place
trouble|city|IsA|object/thing
michigan|building|MadeOf|water
plate|food|CapableOf|be found in a house
germany|class|IsA|action
passageway|cave|IsA|place to live
library|student|UsedFor|reading and studying
carnival|liquid|HasA|connection to food
restaurant|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
jar|briefcase|IsA|school supply
backpack|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
opera|concert|HasA|ticket box usually
museum|cupboard|AtLocation|indoors
party|outside|AtLocation|on the map
inside|library|HasProperty|material
moon|rain|HasProperty|white
tile|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
ground|sky|IsA|animal
garbage|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
library|toilet|IsA|place you could sleep in
fox|tennessee|IsA|us state
car|apartment|HasProperty|alive
bathroom|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
field|knowledge|IsA|place for students
city|newspaper|UsedFor|expanding development
container|universe|AtLocation|public area
library|workplace|IsA|type of building
valley|bird|IsA|natural thing
bridge|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
idaho|university|IsA|drink
montana|confession|IsA|mental place
supermarket|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
yard|trees|IsA|nation
cellar|warehouse|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
sink|silverware|HasProperty|edible
backyard|park|AtLocation|outside
field|university|HasA|screen
tears|suffering|CapableOf|cause physical harm
pond|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
dishwasher|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
church|home|IsA|object that can be held
field|trees|PartOf|nature
opera|theater|UsedFor|learning
stove|oven|HasA|empty space in it
bedroom|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
people|office|IsA|n item of furniture
sugar|cellar|HasProperty|found below ground level
landfill|street|UsedFor|playing
ceiling|place|HasA|legs
restaurant|bathroom|IsA|food
cupboard|sink|HasA|edible items for sale
cage|hole|MadeOf|paper
refrigerator|arboretum|HasProperty|a state in the usa
house|school|CapableOf|have a street address
world|country|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
bottle|shelf|HasA|door
sleep|knowledge|MadeOf|wood
reflection|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
town|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
apartment|opera|IsA|place you buy food
switzerland|mountain|AtLocation|at a party
air|ground|IsA|car
bottle|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
michigan|attic|CapableOf|be made with bricks
opera|church|UsedFor|work
buildings|wedding|IsA|location
cupboard|dishwasher|IsA|place to make food
closet|building|UsedFor|a holiday
water|house|HasProperty|white
nursery|countryside|IsA|something kept at home
field|restaurant|IsA|food
clouds|attic|CapableOf|show films
market|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
snore|toronto|PartOf|house
action|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
control|army|IsA|object/thing
doorway|castle|UsedFor|travel
restaurant|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
movie|club|IsA|place people can meet
cage|store|HasProperty|man-made
corner|shelf|IsA|room
shelf|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
house|air|PartOf|food and drink
chair|pocket|CapableOf|be held with one hand
trees|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
universe|desk|UsedFor|serving food
drawer|desk|IsA|something you eat off
theater|opera|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
michigan|maine|PartOf|the south
drawer|film|IsA|something you eat off
switzerland|city|IsA|animal
boredom|cleanliness|MadeOf|pause
market|bedroom|HasProperty|able to be entered
park|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
house|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
container|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
auditorium|church|IsA|mental place
table|coffee|UsedFor|eating
outside|yard|HasProperty|somewhere to go
desert|birds|HasProperty|man made
maze|freeway|IsA|business
hospital|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
inspiration|remembering|HasProperty|a physical item
purse|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
dishwasher|case|UsedFor|storage
windowsill|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
refrigerator|balloon|IsA|product that people buy
cave|store|IsA|place to live
mansion|classroom|UsedFor|putting on a show
beaver|canada|UsedFor|digging 
trash|ball|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
school|stadium|UsedFor|pooping
michigan|attic|CapableOf|work
work|company|HasA|use electricity
greenhouse|ground|UsedFor|children to play
boredom|park|MadeOf|golden
homes|restaurant|UsedFor|punishing people
meeting|thinking|IsA|place for students
warehouse|water|AtLocation|within a building's structure
michigan|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
drawer|television|IsA|place
basement|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
rain|desert|IsA|popular attraction
excitement|relaxation|IsA|verb
vase|shelf|IsA|room
bedroom|shop|IsA|n electronic device
park|forest|IsA|nation
canada|city|UsedFor|driving 
floor|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
bathroom|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
library|motel|HasProperty|a place you can work
porch|dishwasher|CapableOf|be used with a computer
thinking|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
bowl|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
sunbathers|windowsill|IsA|person
chair|office|CapableOf|move people
house|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
cabinet|garage|HasProperty|a room
cage|desert|IsA|country
apartment|school|IsA|building
bowl|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
garage|cabinet|UsedFor|storing things inside
junk|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
paper|cabinet|IsA|building
ocean|work|AtLocation|in your company
bed|floor|UsedFor|reading
nature|snore|PartOf|house
sky|desert|IsA|part of nature
map|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
earth|wedding|UsedFor|learning
desk|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
shelf|dust|MadeOf|food
television|library|HasProperty|a publication
war|person|IsA|action
cave|building|IsA|public place
street|roof|MadeOf|wood
shop|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
trunk|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
store|hospital|IsA|place to live
room|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
closet|basement|IsA|place to pray
kitchen|hallway|UsedFor|car repair
hospital|love|HasA|airplanes
toilet|garage|IsA|furniture
village|michigan|AtLocation|on a map
newspaper|information|IsA|place for students
sink|glass|IsA|furniture
fatigue|laughter|IsA|emotion
country|wilderness|CapableOf|be walked on
tears|agreement|IsA|verb
garden|ground|PartOf|body
home|cupboard|CapableOf|be moved around
table|oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
cupboard|den|HasA|roof
dinner|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
window|floor|IsA|furniture 
closet|store|HasProperty|removable
drawer|shelf|HasProperty|furniture
pain|sorrow|PartOf|mental disorder
beach|canada|IsA|place people work and live
action|bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
ground|rock|IsA|stone
school|band|IsA|country
pantry|dishes|IsA|furniture 
shelf|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
desk|shop|IsA|study room
books|book|IsA|thing you can touch
conference|speaker|UsedFor|announcing something
airport|human|AtLocation|on a map
film|restaurant|IsA|dish
company|wall|IsA|public place
heaven|cage|MadeOf|paper
knowledge|embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
thinking|university|UsedFor|studying
birds|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
knowledge|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
beaver|city|CapableOf|be read
supermarket|school|IsA|event
dust|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
bubblegum|key|IsA|place you can visit
pocket|change|HasA|function
meeting|head|HasProperty|a meal
loft|bathtub|CapableOf|sleeping
table|desk|UsedFor|storage
dictionary|encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
conference|pocket|IsA|place where students learn
anxiety|butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
playground|picture|HasA|city inside
action|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
kitchen|closet|AtLocation|public area
building|window|IsA|ceremony
street|countryside|MadeOf|wood
persia|backyard|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
backyard|yard|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
countryside|china|UsedFor|transportation
building|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
laughter|suffering|IsA|reaction
arboretum|ground|HasProperty|a state in the usa
passageway|building|UsedFor|a holiday
tears|field|MadeOf|one syllable
dentist|floor|IsA|room or building
town|tent|IsA|house where man live
boxes|container|HasProperty|found below ground level
floor|dishes|IsA|furniture
embarrassment|communication|UsedFor|manifesting joy
party|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
exchange|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
office|telephone|IsA|list of alphabets
kitchen|house|CapableOf|move location
park|trees|CapableOf|be part of a house
knowledge|depression|IsA|emotion
apartment|park|IsA|place or location
telephone|desktop|HasProperty|a property 
bathroom|airport|CapableOf|have people  inside
wedding|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
sunshine|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
city|switzerland|UsedFor| housing animals
freeway|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
atlas|pocket|IsA|building
wilderness|cage|IsA|place to keep money
tent|montana|IsA|home
neighborhood|town|IsA|state
restaurant|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
shelf|cupboard|AtLocation|indoors
movie|stamps|IsA|something found in a household
beach|store|CapableOf|fly
clothing|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
park|backyard|MadeOf|fiber
television|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
cabinet|computer|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
plate|dinner|IsA|piece of furniture
restaurant|table|IsA|piece of furniture
pantry|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
party|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
notebook|museum|CapableOf|be worn
ocean|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
synagogue|pocket|UsedFor|reading
theater|funeral|CapableOf|have people physically in it
closet|paperwork|IsA|building
pond|beach|IsA|country
lamp|program|UsedFor|work
head|dinner|UsedFor|studying
greenhouse|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
convention|tent|UsedFor|buying food
closet|bed|AtLocation|inside a house
relaxation|satisfaction|IsA|action
mexico|playground|HasA|1 syllable  word
knowledge|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
airport|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
entertaining|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
home|apartment|HasProperty|where someone can live
bread|supermarket|PartOf|food and drink
refrigerator|porch|IsA|furniture
apartment|sink|IsA|furniture 
trunk|can|HasProperty|a beverage
conference|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
mansion|buildings|HasProperty|alive
yard|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
table|house|IsA|another word for show
canada|government|IsA|object/thing
paper|nails|UsedFor|writing
countryside|leaves|AtLocation|outside
fight|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
town|mexico|IsA|place you visit often
books|book|AtLocation|on a shelf
michigan|storage|MadeOf|water
nature|junk|IsA|place
dictionary|sloth|IsA|place
driveway|countryside|HasProperty|a location
park|cooking|IsA|us state
bowl|table|CapableOf|be eaten
gentleman|europe|UsedFor|learning
bedroom|home|IsA|type /part of building
pocket|change|CapableOf|hold objects
movies|unemployment|UsedFor|entertainment
church|computer|UsedFor|work
student|computer|UsedFor|reading and studying
park|desktop|IsA|building
plants|greenhouse|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
dentist|jail|CapableOf|provide a service
street|countryside|IsA|stone
cup|jar|IsA|  place
happiness|love|HasProperty|an emotion
entertaining|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
oven|cupboard|MadeOf|metal
excitement|love|IsA|physical emotion
entertaining|love|IsA|physical emotion
desktop|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
alabama|oklahoma|IsA|us state
field|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
canada|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
carnival|peanuts|UsedFor|storage
himalayas|canada|IsA|location
clothing|suit|UsedFor|learning
synagogue|earth|UsedFor|camping
cave|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
book|dinner|IsA|physical tangible object
boxes|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
air|street|IsA|type of place
bedroom|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
books|newspaper|HasProperty|a publication
disneyland|desktop|HasProperty|hot
church|theater|IsA|house where man live
office|library|HasA|walls
hospital|office|IsA|place
program|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
vacuum|kitchen|AtLocation|public area
manual|library|MadeOf|paper
garden|park|CapableOf|be man made
house|bathroom|HasA|airplanes
instruction|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
work|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
field|countryside|IsA|stone
landfill|field|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
computer|apartment|UsedFor|student
telephone|computer|IsA|n electronic device
supermarket|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
information|internet|UsedFor|news
canada|city|IsA|place
maze|airport|HasA|beds
table|closet|UsedFor|indoor activities
conference|church|IsA|house where man live
computer|microwave|IsA|physical and movable item
cellar|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
glass|desktop|HasA|edible items for sale
television|movies|IsA|place
meeting|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
fun|box|PartOf|house
city|freeway|IsA|place
village|painting|HasProperty|in a cold climate
box|container|UsedFor|storing physical things
air|car|IsA|product that people buy
pond|restaurant|IsA|place you visit often
countryside|wilderness|IsA|place
bag|mail|IsA|room in a home
trouble|army|IsA|concept or place
meeting|thinking|IsA|physical tangible object
happiness|discovery|IsA|colorful
nature|outdoors|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
speaker|assessment|CapableOf|be attended
joy|excitement|IsA|mental state
auditorium|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
bedroom|chair|AtLocation|above the ground
action|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
library|manual|PartOf|publication
house|desert|HasProperty|a location
voice|radio|IsA|tv show
vaccines|dreams|AtLocation|usually in a bed
city|montana|IsA|location
apartment|warehouse|AtLocation|inside a person's home
classroom|apartment|IsA|ceremony
texas|arizona|IsA|state
backyard|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking food
table|pantry|IsA|  place
jail|human|HasProperty|child friendly
street|box|IsA|place
california|australia|IsA|place
basement|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
cinema|buildings|HasProperty|a gathering place
chocolate|television|IsA|part of the body
snow|marmoset|MadeOf|metal
underground|france|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
hole|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
floor|trunk|HasProperty|an object
house|garage|IsA|type of building
families|box|IsA|public building
anxiety|injury|CapableOf|fly
shop|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
cow|antarctica|MadeOf|country
garage|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
library|wall|IsA|ceremony
lemur|bank|IsA|country
house|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
apartment|people|IsA|place
desktop|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
roof|loft|IsA|place to sleep
plants|windowsill|UsedFor|at home
silence|music|IsA|physical and movable item
refrigerators|container|IsA|  place
pot|liquid|UsedFor|storage
oven|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
bedroom|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
concert|university|IsA|object that can be held
mouse|container|IsA|room in a building
television|meeting|PartOf|publication
florida|casino|UsedFor|living
garden|factory|UsedFor|generating products or plants
cabinet|drawer|IsA|furniture
office|classroom|IsA|object that can be held
sweat|fight|HasA|physical element
cabinet|bar|HasProperty|a room
papers|garage|AtLocation|at home
office|work|IsA|country or state
party|desktop|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
house|balloon|IsA|product that people buy
human|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
countryside|suburbs|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
poet|cabinet|IsA|object that can be held
body|theater|IsA|part of a human
junk|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
home|drawer|CapableOf|store
film|drawer|UsedFor|storage
school|homes|UsedFor|a gathering of people
refrigerator|cup|IsA|type of room in houses
greenhouse|garden|PartOf|glass
airport|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
movie|restaurant|IsA|place people can meet
house|closet|AtLocation|with water
house|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
cage|countryside|CapableOf|fly
neighborhood|city|IsA|state
pain|shock|IsA|something a baby could have
yard|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
canada|computer|AtLocation|on a map
cat|outside|UsedFor|cooking food
classroom|office|PartOf|admin role
trunk|house|UsedFor|storage
bathroom|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
dust|ground|AtLocation|indoors
bowl|table|UsedFor|storage
house|safe|UsedFor|car travel
library|corner|IsA|n electronic device
lizard|captivity|IsA|location
michigan|ocean|PartOf|natural landscape
restaurant|school|IsA|place
drawer|stamps|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
street|yard|IsA|place where you can live
bathroom|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
glass|oven|HasProperty|made of wood
inspiration|car|IsA|emotion
countryside|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
closet|garbage|HasA|opening or door
lightning|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
apartment|hotel|HasA|usually have people inside
box|families|CapableOf|be eaten
joy|relaxation|IsA|verb
house|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
alcohol|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
trunk|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
earth|theater|IsA|place
crying|trauma|IsA|emotion
garage|ocean|IsA|building
car|dinner|IsA|product that people buy
field|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
people|church|UsedFor|praying
war|animals|HasA|exterior walls
notebook|school|CapableOf|move
roof|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
cupboard|porch|IsA|building
warehouse|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
colorado|mexico|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
neighborhood|china|CapableOf|be parked on
river|garden|IsA|location
countryside|town|UsedFor|transportation
michigan|attic|MadeOf|water
plants|ground|CapableOf|laugh
television|radio|UsedFor|news
ceiling|candle|UsedFor|work
fun|water|IsA|place
office|home|HasProperty|able to be entered
office|wires|HasProperty|a property 
inside|street|IsA|place or location
passageway|love|IsA|business
airplane|birds|CapableOf|fly
playground|town|HasProperty|made by humans
theater|apartment|HasProperty|an event
utensils|dinner|IsA|made of wood
skin|theater|IsA|house where man live
corporation|government|CapableOf|place
condiments|jar|AtLocation|in a house
street|yard|IsA|part of nature
skyscraper|work|AtLocation|in your company
soup|sink|CapableOf|be used as transport 
notes|library|CapableOf|move
inside|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
minnesota|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
shelf|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
disneyland|park|IsA|place or location
outside|microwave|IsA|part of a property
water|garage|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
garage|bedroom|CapableOf|be found in a house
wedding|body|IsA|house where man live
meeting|internet|AtLocation|in a store
locker|library|CapableOf|be worn
windowsill|ground|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
sea|desert|IsA|place
meeting|movie|AtLocation|in a building
market|refrigerator|IsA|type of room in houses
conference|store|IsA|place people can visit
locker|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
floor|house|UsedFor|to keep items
synagogue|museum|UsedFor|reading
countryside|playground|IsA|nation
ground|closet|AtLocation|indoors
australia|india|AtLocation|within the usa
rug|floor|MadeOf|living parts
wedding|earth|IsA|place
library|store|CapableOf|have a street address
restaurant|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
supermarket|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
tears|punch|MadeOf|one syllable
air|water|AtLocation|at a home
classroom|wall|MadeOf|wood
field|ground|IsA|natural or man made
chicken|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
apartment|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
forest|park|IsA|nation
discovery|action|HasA|physical appearance
canada|city|AtLocation|on a map
refrigerator|refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
apartment|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
gate|love|IsA|business
car|backpack|UsedFor|storage
drawer|case|IsA|1 syllable word
agreement|communication|IsA|activity
synagogue|disneyland|HasA|ticket box usually
nature|cat|IsA|animal
newspaper|picture|AtLocation|library
conference|apartment|IsA|place
snore|drawer|IsA|store items
opera|town|HasProperty|an event
paperwork|kitchen|IsA|building
internet|television|AtLocation|in a store
painting|grape|IsA|object
museum|classroom|CapableOf|have people go inside
food|stove|HasA|store edible items
chair|office|UsedFor|cooking
kitchens|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
ocean|desk|IsA|religious card
closet|mess|AtLocation|with water
doctor|factory|PartOf|man body
restaurant|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
human|church|IsA|state in usa
sun|city|HasProperty|powerful
dog|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
park|meeting|UsedFor|reading
universe|woods|IsA|place
gate|cave|IsA|business
connection|maze|IsA|business
celebrating|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
tree|ocean|PartOf|house
greenhouse|park|HasA|head
library|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
backpack|notebook|IsA|building
park|outside|HasProperty|part of your  house
aggression|fight|IsA|positive card
head|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
building|window|UsedFor|reading
windowsill|carpet|HasProperty|used for storage
tent|theater|IsA|part of a human
closet|shelf|UsedFor|storage
table|flowers|IsA|art-related item
kitchen|roof|AtLocation|in your room
person|music|PartOf|building
windowsill|roof|HasProperty|man-made
roadway|countryside|MadeOf|sand
dishwasher|cupboard|HasProperty|furniture
moon|air|IsA|car
mouth|person|UsedFor|announcing something
tropics|desert|IsA|small area
rock|countryside|HasA|outdoor scenery
subdivision|house|IsA|place where you can live
stairs|loft|IsA|type of building
hole|desert|IsA|animal
wings|airport|UsedFor|travel
ocean|school|IsA|building
wedding|earth|IsA|part of a human
people|ocean|IsA|religious card
movies|chocolate|IsA|public building
light|universe|MadeOf|wood
dinner|house|UsedFor|to keep items
chair|wedding|IsA|place or location
toilet|sink|IsA|man made
microwave|cabinet|IsA|something found in a household
rain|water|HasProperty|white
battle|enemies|IsA|physical outcome
outside|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
map|locker|IsA|place of learning
television|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
sun|country|HasProperty|powerful
park|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
mouse|porch|IsA|place to make food
plate|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
jar|store|IsA|place where students learn
commercial|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
house|bridge|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
floor|bed|IsA|physical item 
apartment|window|IsA|furniture 
roof|park|IsA|animal
pond|backyard|CapableOf|be man made
game|church|AtLocation|in a building
problems|nightmares|HasProperty|typically positive
cave|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
apartment|bathroom|CapableOf|be opened/closed
garage|papers|IsA|furniture
countryside|wilderness|HasProperty|untouched by civilisation
school|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
cabinet|basement|UsedFor|mainly sleep
table|shelf|IsA|1 syllable word
restaurant|museum|HasA|usually have people inside
country|sun|HasProperty|powerful
outdoors|creek|MadeOf|trees
briefcase|backpack|UsedFor|reading
toronto|junk|AtLocation|in home
garden|desktop|UsedFor|work
library|shop|HasProperty|a place you can work
disneyland|street|IsA|place
inside|synagogue|IsA|place or location
junk|snore|HasProperty|an animal
class|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
problems|shock|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
crying|sorrow|PartOf|mental disorder
microwave|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
bathroom|cupboard|CapableOf|be moved around
universe|container|PartOf|wood
trauma|sadness|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
bank|australia|MadeOf|paper
auditorium|circus|IsA|religious card
money|action|HasA|function
pot|toilet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
box|shoes|UsedFor|indoor activities
bowl|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
shop|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
hospital|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
conference|garden|IsA|object
backyard|home|MadeOf|living parts
dinner|alcohol|PartOf|food and drink
arctic|forest|PartOf|city
learning|entertaining|IsA|something considered as positive
headache|discovery|UsedFor|seeking an answer
utensils|backpack|IsA|place
food|movies|IsA|part of the body
backpack|books|IsA|furniture 
candle|ceiling|UsedFor|work
river|wood|IsA|place or location
park|desert|IsA|place
garden|bedroom|UsedFor|work
bathroom|airport|IsA|business
radio|clouds|IsA|place for clothes
room|cellar|AtLocation|within a building's structure
countryside|school|IsA|place or location to visit
entertaining|happiness|IsA|something considered as positive
trunk|backpack|UsedFor|storage
painting|train|HasProperty|in a cold climate
classroom|home|CapableOf|move location
program|electricity|UsedFor|worship
box|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
reflection|food|IsA|emotion
school|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
desktop|concert|MadeOf|wood
attic|closet|AtLocation|within a building's structure
toilet|porch|CapableOf|be used with a computer
books|dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
ground|dust|IsA|place for clothes
weather|street|IsA|type of place
clothes|dust|IsA|made of wood
utensils|backpack|MadeOf|food
home|classroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
space|closet|AtLocation|public area
table|chair|HasProperty|furniture in a house
store|dinner|HasProperty|removable
meeting|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
sloth|universe|IsA|place
dishwasher|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
demonstration|store|HasProperty|used at meal time
television|house|UsedFor|worship
tile|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
bay|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
knowing|inspiration|MadeOf|wood
town|theater|IsA|place
yard|building|IsA|nation
garden|playground|HasA|walls
hallway|bar|UsedFor|urination
backpack|floor|MadeOf|food
bed|television|IsA|place
trees|town|AtLocation|outside
opera|montana|IsA|place you buy food
office|hallway|AtLocation|on a map
gate|cave|HasA|airplanes
bathroom|house|IsA|in a home
supermarket|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
michigan|homes|IsA|country
apartment|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
soup|backpack|IsA|location
glass|dishes|IsA|object
pocket|conference|IsA|piece of furniture
home|porch|CapableOf|be easily carried
clothes|trunk|IsA|made of wood
wedding|town|UsedFor|learning
wall|connection|HasA|airplanes
telephone|desktop|IsA|electronic device
jail|floor|UsedFor|cooling
palace|mansion|IsA|large building
den|supermarket|HasA|roof
supermarket|theater|IsA|place
liquid|carnival|HasA|connection to food
church|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
office|desktop|AtLocation|in the living room
loft|temple|AtLocation|in your room
desk|kitchen|UsedFor|work
attic|storage|MadeOf|water
castle|homes|IsA|fancy
jar|park|IsA|public building
punishment|field|IsA|emotion
countryside|wilderness|IsA|place or location to visit
kitchen|classroom|UsedFor|urination
snore|garage|IsA|store items
australia|russia|IsA|place where money is kept
performing|injury|IsA|colorful
valley|windowsill|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
disneyland|mouse|IsA|building
demonstration|school|UsedFor|packing things inside
ficus|garage|IsA|looks like house
world|region|MadeOf|water
mouse|disneyland|HasProperty|found below ground level
mexico|playground|AtLocation|outside
sorrow|knowledge|PartOf|mental disorder
inspiration|knowledge|IsA|positive thing
meeting|information|IsA|place for students
drawer|desk|IsA|something found in a household
woods|lake|IsA|place
manual|meeting|MadeOf|meet
trees|park|IsA|place people work and live
school|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
air|outside|UsedFor|throwing
utensils|desk|MadeOf|plastic
food|stove|CapableOf|store things
table|office|IsA|pencil
assessment|mouth|UsedFor|announcing something
disneyland|garage|UsedFor|cooking
pond|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
synagogue|body|IsA|part of a human
cupboard|case|MadeOf|wood
table|concert|UsedFor|work
container|bag|IsA|structure or building
drawer|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
picture|wall|AtLocation|library
magazine|commercial|MadeOf|water
australia|india|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
table|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
flowers|shelf|IsA|art-related item
empathy|laughter|IsA|emotion
box|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
stamps|box|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
cut|injury|CapableOf|fly
knowledge|class|HasProperty|a meal
stuff|plate|CapableOf|be held in your hands
outdoors|bird|IsA|natural thing
computer|opera|UsedFor|worship
exchange|dance|IsA|room in a house
store|floor|HasProperty|an object
tennessee|switzerland|MadeOf|country
pot|disneyland|CapableOf|be used with a computer
pocket|encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
anxiety|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
school|palace|HasA|roof
stream|creek|IsA|1 syllable word
trees|playground|IsA|country
bedroom|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
hole|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
russia|cage|UsedFor|cooking
connection|love|HasA|airplanes
couch|church|MadeOf|glass
backyard|yard|IsA|nation
picture|desktop|MadeOf|paper
trash|case|IsA|place
bedroom|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
yard|park|HasProperty|somewhere to go
lightning|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
wallet|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
party|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
headache|arguments|CapableOf|be physically touched
paper|map|CapableOf|be worn
cupboard|toilet|IsA|building
happiness|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
music|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
wedding|church|IsA|house where man live
computer|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
closet|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
building|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
fish|bay|HasA|earth
dream|hunger|MadeOf|wood
driveway|street|MadeOf|sand
television|bar|UsedFor|storing things inside
backpack|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
beer|refrigerator|UsedFor|storing things in
utensils|drawer|HasProperty|an object
passageway|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
elevator|museum|PartOf|building
room|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
office|exchange|IsA|type of room
beach|countryside|CapableOf|fly
confusion|satisfaction|IsA|negative emotion
corner|dust|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
movie|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
person|blood|PartOf|the human body
ground|trees|IsA|man made thing
countryside|outdoors|IsA|nation
chair|circus|UsedFor|praying
sink|chicken|CapableOf|be used as transport 
field|cage|MadeOf|paper
bridge|valley|CapableOf|be walked on
pot|garage|CapableOf|storing food
museum|garage|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
books|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
storage|warehouse|UsedFor|generating products or plants
desk|closet|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
forest|box|CapableOf|fly
table|newspaper|CapableOf|store
box|school|IsA|part of the body
auditorium|heaven|UsedFor|praying
cellar|room|CapableOf|be used for storage
happiness|excitement|IsA|activity
restaurant|human|IsA|country
lawn|information|IsA|visible object
heaven|church|IsA|place of religion
convention|town|IsA|place
head|thinking|IsA|place for students
restaurant|television|CapableOf|be eaten
bag|container|IsA|structure or building
entertaining|skin|IsA|emotion
closet|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
mountains|wilderness|IsA|place
closet|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
countryside|seaside|IsA|place
shop|computer|IsA|building
tears|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
cave|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
butterflies|reflection|CapableOf|fly
bathtub|furniture|CapableOf|sleep on it
jail|refrigerator|IsA|product that people buy
city|park|IsA| event
confession|heaven|IsA|mental place
monastery|montana|IsA|mental place
ceiling|picture|MadeOf|wood
china|suburbs|IsA|state
park|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
party|corner|IsA|n electronic device
flowers|anthology|IsA|art-related item
supermarket|food|IsA|event
theater|conference|UsedFor|buying food
kitchen|chair|AtLocation|in a house
shelf|glass|HasA|edible items for sale
mansion|palace|IsA|type of building
lightning|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
notebook|notes|HasProperty|material
bank|desert|UsedFor|holding animals
cup|stove|HasProperty|used for meals
bowl|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
film|dishwasher|IsA|something you eat off
jar|bubblegum|HasA|function
pride|discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
cupboard|store|IsA|food
school|library|UsedFor|reading books
aggression|tension|HasA|physical element
trunk|box|IsA|structure or building
nightmares|controversy|IsA|negative thing
song|voice|IsA|tv show
shed|street|IsA|place to pray
knowing|crying|IsA|negative feeling
vaccines|dreams|PartOf|human body
school|jail|IsA|building
embarrassment|fulfillment|IsA|emotion
container|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
shelf|picture|MadeOf|paper
carpet|wedding|IsA|place or location
action|butterflies|IsA|colorful
paper|map|UsedFor|reading
dust|backpack|IsA|made of wood
store|garden|IsA|animal
box|car|IsA|place
war|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
suburb|china|UsedFor|transportation
coffee|case|IsA|place
antarctica|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
cabinet|vase|UsedFor|holding things
apartment|jail|UsedFor|sleeping
dentist|drawer|CapableOf|store
hospital|ocean|IsA|item of clothing
park|mountains|HasProperty|somewhere to go
television|microwave|IsA|physical and movable item
effort|exercising|HasA|m at the beginning
battlefield|war|HasA|exterior walls
town|playground|IsA|nature-related
theater|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
wall|chair|AtLocation|above the ground
apartment|house|UsedFor|housing
building|yard|CapableOf|be part of a house
mouse|disneyland|IsA|place to make food
injury|discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
discovery|injury|IsA|colorful
school|woods|IsA|place
garden|yard|IsA|nation
roof|greenhouse|PartOf|glass
picture|fox|HasA|multiple definitions
bathroom|garage|HasProperty|a place where people sing
couch|skyscraper|PartOf|house 
windowsill|cage|HasProperty|man-made
wilderness|seaside|IsA|proper noun
dishwasher|film|IsA|something found in a household
sun|moon|IsA|vacation destination
refrigerator|field|IsA|food
theater|bathtub|IsA|ceremony
windowsill|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
painting|horse|IsA|object
enjoyment|smiles|HasProperty|an emotion
skyscraper|school|UsedFor|travel
school|office|UsedFor|borrowing books
concert|home|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
river|bay|IsA|somewhere animals swim
montana|house|HasProperty|a location
outside|bedroom|IsA|part of a property
bubblegum|money|CapableOf|keeping cash
desktop|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
library|meeting|HasProperty|a publication
boat|library|HasProperty|found in a house
notebook|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
yard|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
suit|meeting|UsedFor|learning
table|party|AtLocation|on the map
problems|crying|MadeOf|wood
hallway|bedroom|HasProperty|a room
death|nightmares|PartOf|human body
communication|celebrating|IsA|activity
table|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
anger|defeat|IsA|feeling or emotion
pocket|briefcase|UsedFor|carrying things
detroit|school|CapableOf|be lived in
basement|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
moon|basement|HasProperty|white
person|war|CapableOf|be heard
ground|ficus|HasProperty|decorative
colorado|arizona|AtLocation|labeled on a map
town|city|IsA|business that serves food
safe|information|IsA|place to study
briefcase|desktop|IsA|building
library|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
table|plate|MadeOf|wood
newspaper|school|IsA|object
india|seaside|IsA|place
school|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
attic|garden|AtLocation|in united states
city|desert|IsA|country
porch|library|CapableOf|store
suburb|house|IsA|residential area
connection|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
dinner|stuff|MadeOf|wood
computer|classroom|IsA|building
yard|suburb|MadeOf|sand
dinner|store|HasProperty|removable
head|library|HasProperty|a meal
television|office|IsA|building
ficus|ground|UsedFor|storing food
kitchen|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
school|classroom|UsedFor|reading and studying
porch|clothing|UsedFor|reading
couch|school|UsedFor|travel
horse|grape|IsA|location
clock|picture|AtLocation|library
jar|peanuts|IsA|cartoon
pocket|teacher|IsA|piece of furniture
information|library|MadeOf|people gathering together
beach|ball|HasA|first letter b
classroom|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
refrigerator|refrigerators|HasA|store edible items
floor|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
drawer|desk|IsA|furniture
fun|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
nature|floor|AtLocation|in home
sun|house|HasProperty|white
beer|pantry|IsA|type of business
rug|furniture|IsA|private space
person|mind|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
passageway|building|IsA|place to live
sewer|boxes|IsA|room (type)
underground|marmoset|IsA|activity 
nightmares|shock|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
kitchen|drugstore|AtLocation|in your room
dinner|class|UsedFor|studying
knowledge|class|HasProperty|related to studying
clouds|dust|UsedFor|storage
store|cupboard|IsA|food
entertaining|happiness|IsA|verb
lemur|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
heaven|confession|UsedFor|praying
body|tent|IsA|place
condiments|cup|UsedFor|keeping things cool
city|state|IsA|building
mexico|town|IsA|country
birds|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
hospital|hotel|IsA|building 
blanket|shoe|HasProperty|something you can carry
glass|sink|HasA|edible items for sale
cinema|buildings|HasProperty|alive
knowing|pain|IsA|emotion
field|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
church|motel|IsA|building
manual|information|CapableOf|be held in your hand
table|papers|CapableOf|opened or closed
lamp|candle|HasProperty|white
apartment|opera|IsA|location
snore|junk|IsA|place
tension|anger|HasA|physical element
car|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
wallet|desk|UsedFor|storage
seaside|countryside|IsA|proper noun
cinema|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
rain|forest|HasProperty|very cold
balloon|room|UsedFor|driving
wall|passageway|IsA|business
house|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
subdivision|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
park|garden|IsA|part of nature
shed|trash|UsedFor|storing physical things
church|jail|IsA|person
market|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
town|pond|IsA|nation
shelf|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
oven|table|HasProperty|edible
fear|food|CapableOf|tell stories
sun|moon|UsedFor|work
party|supermarket|CapableOf|be entered
dictionary|chair|IsA|necessity for education
desk|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
desert|excavation|IsA|country
apartment|sewer|AtLocation|inside a person's home
peanuts|container|HasA|connection to food
montana|earth|UsedFor|camping
street|roadway|UsedFor|transportation
enjoyment|like|IsA|activity
house|computer|IsA|study room
jar|food|IsA|location
celebrating|favors|IsA|verb
work|valley|AtLocation|in your company
valley|playground|IsA|country
bathroom|bowl|AtLocation|in a house
ground|house|HasProperty|white
train|motel|IsA|tourist destination
nostalgia|shock|IsA|positive thing
shed|attic|AtLocation|within a building's structure
mountain|michigan|CapableOf|fly
texas|america|AtLocation|labeled on a map
town|newspaper|IsA|state
show|drugs|UsedFor|to get a degree
countryside|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
disneyland|basement|HasProperty|found below ground level
jail|doctor|CapableOf|store
corner|office|CapableOf|be slept in
restaurant|town|IsA|place people work and live
clothing|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
animals|war|HasA|exterior walls
leaves|street|IsA|natural product or man made
problems|pain|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
action|contemplating|UsedFor|driving
suburbs|house|IsA|state
region|country|PartOf|the continent 
airport|wall|IsA|item of furniture
canada|building|IsA|place to grow plants
performing|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
boxes|container|IsA|room
bathtub|fingernails|IsA|bodypart
disneyland|porch|IsA|furniture
conference|floor|IsA|type of room
drawer|library|UsedFor|cooling
suffering|embarrassment|IsA|reaction
auditorium|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
house|sugar|IsA|room
trouble|president|IsA|book
sunshine|windowsill|IsA|person
pain|nightmares|HasProperty|typically positive
container|jar|UsedFor|drinking 
telephone|party|IsA|building
musical|town|HasA|ticket box usually
soup|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
salad|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
human|detroit|PartOf|house 
pocket|office|IsA|place where students learn
table|wall|IsA|room
demonstration|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
neighborhood|city|MadeOf|sand
motel|closet|HasProperty|a place where people sing
theater|wedding|IsA|place
love|restaurant|IsA|state in usa
detroit|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
jar|box|UsedFor|eating
building|demonstration|CapableOf|make a sound
snore|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
dust|windowsill|HasProperty|found inside a house
depression|pleasure|IsA|emotion
field|rock|AtLocation|outside
corner|desk|IsA|ground where child play
house|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
drawer|magazines|IsA|room or building
store|clothes|IsA|made of wood
computer|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
room|garage|UsedFor|storage
floor|utensils|IsA|made of wood
cup|kitchens|IsA|piece of furniture
wilderness|continent|HasA|earth
instruction|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
box|trash|UsedFor|storing physical things
bar|party|UsedFor|communication
thinking|information|HasA|screen
soup|garage|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
universe|closet|AtLocation|public area
home|bed|UsedFor|travel
library|workplace|AtLocation|indoors
roadway|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
dinner|store|UsedFor|storage
cinema|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
shock|pain|IsA|negative thing
chair|tree|IsA|place or location
museum|paper|UsedFor|reading
opera|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
skate|museum|CapableOf|be heard
sleeping|vaccines|CapableOf|hurt
house|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
shelf|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
desktop|shelf|UsedFor|washing or cooking
outside|mouse|IsA|room (type)
alabama|louisiana|HasA|even number of letter
heaven|australia|UsedFor|cooking
school|airplane|PartOf|house 
container|closet|IsA|type of business
film|bowl|IsA|something found in a household
garden|pond|IsA|place people work and live
wilderness|prison|IsA|place
injury|contemplating|IsA|emotion
lasagna|plate|CapableOf|be purchased
hole|heaven|IsA|country
school|demonstration|PartOf|admin role
nature|forest|IsA|1 syllable word
garden|park|IsA|nation
food|cut|CapableOf|cause pain
playground|park|CapableOf|be part of a house
car|room|PartOf|food and drink
bathroom|church|HasA|usually have people inside
church|supermarket|UsedFor|living
dancing|laughter|IsA|verb
school|mansion|IsA|large building
cabinet|supermarket|HasA|ceiling
trees|yard|IsA|country
table|drawer|IsA|furniture
sadness|crying|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
bed|library|UsedFor|cooling
closet|bag|IsA|room in a home
house|toilet|HasProperty|a room
hunger|sleep|MadeOf|wood
country|government|HasA|movie
office|classroom|HasA|walls
wall|outside|UsedFor|storage
synagogue|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
choir|song|AtLocation|on/in the human body
stress|panic|IsA|negative feeling or expression
cabinet|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
museum|office|CapableOf|have people go inside
mind|class|PartOf|building
bedroom|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
hospital|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
head|meeting|UsedFor|studying
paper|locker|IsA|place of learning
garden|garage|CapableOf|work
basement|motel|HasProperty|a place where people sing
hunger|pleasure|MadeOf|wood
montana|convention|IsA|place
garden|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
museum|classroom|IsA|room
outdoors|jungle|IsA|outdoor area
mountains|forest|IsA|living/once living
closet|pantry|UsedFor|storing things in
bed|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
store|warehouse|UsedFor|storing physical things
anxiety|action|CapableOf|cause pain
beach|sea|IsA|place
church|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
effort|exercising|HasProperty|a physical activity
food|performing|IsA|colorful
pocket|money|CapableOf|be held in your hands
garden|fingernails|IsA|bodypart
playground|pond|IsA|nature-related
shelf|work|AtLocation|library
excavation|city|UsedFor|driving 
cellar|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
pond|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
store|pocket|UsedFor|living
jail|home|IsA|1 syllable  word
theater|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
headache|action|UsedFor|seeking an answer
canada|city|UsedFor|digging 
magazines|doctor|IsA|room or building
ocean|pond|HasA|earth
woods|outdoors|IsA|natural thing
manual|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
apartment|montana|IsA|place you buy food
jar|ocean|CapableOf|store small items
disneyland|sewer|IsA|room in a building
conference|building|IsA|room in a house
closet|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
trouble|city|HasA|movie
outdoors|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
container|vacuum|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
picture|fox|IsA|country or state name
trunk|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
countryside|city|IsA|state
house|store|IsA|public place
coats|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
garage|house|IsA|room
university|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
classroom|kitchen|IsA|ceremony
restaurant|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
maine|michigan|IsA|country or state
classroom|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
swimming|countryside|IsA|animal
canada|asia|IsA|location
building|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
thinking|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
store|passageway|IsA|place to live
office|airport|CapableOf|have people  inside
cheese|pantry|IsA|location or room
closet|store|IsA|made of wood
blood|person|HasA|exterior walls
bathtub|table|HasProperty|found in a house
airport|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
dreams|desires|AtLocation|usually in a bed
hallway|museum|UsedFor|car repair
jail|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
conference|pocket|IsA|school supply
library|restaurant|IsA|place you can go
egypt|canada|UsedFor|driving 
outdoors|wilderness|IsA|1 syllable word
supermarket|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
building|school|IsA|item of clothing
injury|happiness|IsA|emotion
heaven|field|UsedFor|food
floor|house|IsA|made of wood
bar|michigan|IsA|country
office|telephone|UsedFor|communication
box|peanuts|IsA|cartoon
conference|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
fun|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
dance|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
boredom|exhaustion|MadeOf|nature
countryside|suburb|HasA|buildings in it
knowing|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
garden|outdoors|IsA|nation
supermarket|garden|IsA|location
store|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
clothes|store|IsA|1 syllable word
laughter|like|UsedFor|hobbies
bedroom|home|IsA|animal
store|house|IsA|1 syllable word
potatoes|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
park|plants|AtLocation|inside a home
garden|nails|UsedFor|storage
garage|barn|HasProperty|a type of property
computer|desktop|UsedFor|worship
sink|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
sun|classroom|CapableOf|move location
pain|instruction|IsA|emotion
street|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
opera|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
moon|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
thinking|information|IsA|place for students
fun|inspiration|HasA|positive connotation
television|book|AtLocation|on a shelf
refrigerator|plate|AtLocation|in a house
pocket|shelf|IsA|necessity for education
corner|computer|IsA|building
class|safe|UsedFor|studying
drawer|desk|MadeOf|plastic
refrigerators|condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
film|movie|IsA|something you eat off
box|table|MadeOf|wood
cabinet|bathroom|HasA|roof
movies|television|UsedFor|eating
maine|ocean|AtLocation|on a map
stomach|cupboard|HasA|edible items for sale
ground|refrigerator|IsA|looks like house
groceries|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
human|park|CapableOf|move
arkansas|america|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
street|church|PartOf|house
restaurant|club|AtLocation|in a building
sleep|knowledge|IsA|emotion
subdivision|city|IsA|place where you can live
backyard|town|UsedFor|children to play
office|map|IsA|place of learning
mountains|trees|MadeOf|metal
bed|junk|PartOf|house
office|church|IsA|object that can be held
market|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
synagogue|apartment|IsA|place or location
microwave|television|IsA|physical and movable item
aircraft|factory|IsA|job
opera|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
hospital|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
suburb|town|IsA|business that serves food
cupboard|mouse|IsA|building
kitchen|bedroom|CapableOf|move people
tent|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
sorrow|pain|PartOf|mental disorder
tree|forest|HasProperty|man made
dinner|restaurants|PartOf|food and drink
supermarket|earth|HasProperty|an event
house|cabinet|CapableOf|be moved around
chair|poet|IsA|object that can be held
moon|nature|UsedFor|work
ocean|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
library|class|HasA|screen
warehouse|boxes|UsedFor|storing physical things
reflection|performing|IsA|colorful
utensils|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
funeral|office|HasProperty|found in a house
town|montana|HasProperty|a country
demonstration|speaker|UsedFor|announcing something
mouse|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
building|library|HasProperty|found in a house
pantry|den|HasA|door
junk|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
desert|sea|HasProperty|hot
mountain|michigan|IsA|living thing
microwave|film|IsA|something found in a household
connection|freeway|IsA|business
arkansas|alabama|HasA|start with a
outside|park|AtLocation|inside a house
garden|bank|MadeOf|organic brown matter
confession|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
enemies|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
sink|shelf|HasProperty|edible
furniture|sleep|IsA|place
rosebush|cooking|IsA|outdoor location
beaver|australia|CapableOf|be read
person|outside|HasA|roof
bathroom|cellar|IsA|type of building
church|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
hotel|house|IsA|place of learning
box|jar|IsA|place
lake|stream|IsA|place
louisiana|fox|IsA|state in uk
thinking|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
auditorium|house|HasA|usually have people inside
books|library|PartOf|publication
utensils|drawer|MadeOf|wood
countryside|america|IsA|place
coffee|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
performing|food|IsA|negative emotion
computer|demonstration|UsedFor|student
yard|countryside|IsA|living/once living
knowing|crying|MadeOf|wood
bag|container|IsA|room in a home
battlefield|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
jail|hotel|UsedFor|studying in
subdivision|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
apartment|restaurant|CapableOf|be opened/closed
favors|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
restaurant|hotel|IsA|place
closet|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
box|families|IsA|part of the body
china|roadway|HasProperty|a location
favors|enjoyment|IsA|activity
drawer|house|UsedFor|storage
supermarket|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
countryside|playground|CapableOf|be part of a house
skyscraper|bathroom|PartOf|house 
meeting|library|HasProperty|a meal
bowl|cabinet|IsA|something found in a household
food|silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
battle|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
building|pond|CapableOf|be part of a house
village|train|HasA|outdoor scenery
container|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
program|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
table|bed|HasProperty|furniture in a house
trunk|beer|IsA|type of business
outside|cabinet|HasProperty|found below ground level
church|jail|HasA|fee to visit
hallway|ground|HasProperty|white
regret|talk|IsA|action
speaker|demonstration|UsedFor|announcing something
garage|refrigerator|IsA|looks like house
bank|heaven|UsedFor|cooking
ocean|toilet|UsedFor|link between places
liquid|pot|UsedFor|drinking 
bedroom|restaurant|HasA|usually have people inside
shelf|jar|AtLocation|in a kitchen
toilet|bar|IsA|room in a property
driveway|town|HasProperty|a location
boxes|store|IsA|room in a home
house|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
plate|case|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
court|house|IsA|in a home
theater|conference|UsedFor| gathering together
garden|warehouse|MadeOf|water
confession|office|UsedFor|praying
ground|product|HasProperty|used at meal time
computer|demonstration|UsedFor|packing things inside
hallway|bedroom|IsA|room in a property
injury|reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
university|airport|CapableOf|have people  inside
apartment|jail|IsA|building
pocket|key|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bedroom|program|IsA|physical and movable item
corner|dust|IsA|place you can go
butterflies|pride|CapableOf|cause pain
wilderness|lake|IsA|place
yard|playground|CapableOf|be man made
room|warehouse|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
depression|instruction|MadeOf|wood
sun|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
television|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
bridge|continent|CapableOf|be walked on
conference|speaker|MadeOf|a natural material
apartment|hallway|HasProperty|a public place
university|library|HasProperty|related to studying
cage|bathroom|PartOf|physical structure
exercise|motion|HasProperty|tiring
hotel|hospital|HasA|bed for sleeping
house|temple|CapableOf|move location
hope|attic|MadeOf|energy
library|office|IsA|type /part of building
house|table|MadeOf|food
city|bus|IsA|country or state
ficus|ground|IsA|place people live
bathroom|town|HasProperty|alive
trouble|nature|HasProperty|a household item
container|bag|IsA|room in a home
window|wall|HasProperty|found in a house
confusion|carnival|IsA|action
paper|briefcase|IsA|place of learning
cabinet|wallet|IsA|something you eat off
garden|garage|UsedFor|storing stuffs
floor|apartment|IsA|furniture 
building|barn|HasProperty|a type of property
rug|friends|IsA|type /part of building
like|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
home|office|IsA|type /part of building
casino|supermarket|UsedFor|living
street|sky|UsedFor|work
happiness|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
drawer|clothing|HasProperty|an object
kitchen|bedroom|AtLocation|in a house
air|manual|CapableOf|be entered
bowl|porch|IsA|furniture
pond|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
case|desk|UsedFor|storage
wings|human|PartOf|house 
store|nails|IsA|piece of furniture
room|car|IsA|place to pray
clothing|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
plate|condiments|CapableOf|cook things
street|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
bar|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
waterfall|fish|IsA|place that humans can swim
jar|ocean|HasProperty|a building
sky|nature|IsA|car
detroit|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
closet|cellar|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
field|street|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
stuff|backpack|IsA|furniture
yard|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
dreams|desires|PartOf|human body
disneyland|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
park|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
television|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
drawer|desk|IsA|form of entertainment
school|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
homes|bar|IsA|state in usa
seattle|rain|HasProperty|associated with the environment
africa|ocean|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
television|box|IsA|event
pool|sink|IsA|physical item 
refrigerator|mouse|IsA|furniture
attic|closet|HasProperty|used for storage
synagogue|montana|UsedFor|praying
vase|dictionary|CapableOf|be held with one hand
jail|party|HasA|usually have people inside
change|jar|CapableOf|be held in your hands
company|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
corner|cupboard|AtLocation|indoors
drawer|floor|MadeOf|food
closet|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
food|table|AtLocation|in  a residence
box|dinner|IsA|furniture
pot|groceries|IsA|type of business
pleasure|park|IsA|happy card
street|suburb|HasProperty|a country
dishwasher|porch|CapableOf|be used with a computer
backpack|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
city|country|AtLocation|on map
hospital|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
roof|windowsill|AtLocation|outside
park|plants|CapableOf|laugh
food|jar|IsA|part of the body
garden|street|HasA|wheels
corner|windowsill|IsA|place you can go
encyclopedia|shelf|CapableOf|contain multiple people
entertaining|dancing|IsA|something considered as positive
refrigerator|garage|HasProperty|found in the garden
restaurants|jail|HasProperty|associated with drinking
bridge|city|CapableOf|be walked on
concert|lights|IsA|place
cabinet|bottle|AtLocation|in a kitchen
town|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
garbage|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
celebrating|laughter|IsA|activity
table|stuff|UsedFor|eating
clothing|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
house|synagogue|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
table|program|UsedFor|worship
apartment|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
canada|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
stuff|trash|UsedFor|eating food off
town|mexico|IsA|nature-related
museum|workplace|IsA|place
floor|inside|IsA|place or location
countryside|wilderness|CapableOf|be currently visited
dinner|floor|IsA|made of wood
fear|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
garage|woods|AtLocation|in a building
house|desk|HasProperty|1 syllable
table|park|AtLocation|on the map
case|movie|UsedFor|storage
bicycle|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
jar|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
table|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
shelf|desktop|CapableOf|contain multiple people
floor|theater|IsA|type of room
garbage|cat|HasProperty|an animal
field|farmyard|AtLocation|outside
beer|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
classroom|apartment|UsedFor|reading and studying
teapot|refrigerator|IsA|place people live
concert|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
wallet|movie|IsA|something you eat off
clothing|floor|IsA|made of wood
homes|school|HasProperty|visited by tourists
discovery|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
home|porch|PartOf|(or a) normal house
meeting|college|CapableOf|move
bowl|nails|CapableOf|be eaten
apartment|cabinet|UsedFor|storing things inside
microwave|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
contemplating|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
ground|train|HasProperty|in a cold climate
company|airport|HasA|use electricity
roof|windowsill|PartOf|building
theater|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
landfill|ball|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
disneyland|building|IsA|place or location
jail|apartment|UsedFor|sleeping
atlas|notebook|IsA|building
backpack|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
magazine|encyclopedia|IsA|place
pond|trees|IsA|place people work and live
head|thinking|IsA|part media
stretch|discipline|HasA|m at the beginning
office|apartment|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
freeway|building|IsA|public place
chicken|boat|IsA|physical item 
building|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
ocean|countryside|CapableOf|fly
america|friend|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
god|people|UsedFor|praying
floor|table|UsedFor|reading 
dinner|bread|IsA|product that people buy
opera|synagogue|IsA|place you buy food
office|pencils|UsedFor|writing
birds|wings|CapableOf|move freely
passageway|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
dinner|field|IsA|place to study
floor|drawer|CapableOf|store
dictionary|underground|IsA|place
atlas|classroom|IsA|building
funeral|person|HasA|exterior walls
desktop|bar|IsA|list of alphabets
exchange|conference|IsA|room in a house
bed|rug|UsedFor|indoor activities
tears|suffering|IsA|noun
cupboard|drawer|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
basement|human|HasA|usually have people inside
can|bar|IsA|type of business
oven|stomach|HasA|edible items for sale
theater|mansion|IsA|location
disneyland|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
restaurant|box|CapableOf|be eaten
toilet|kitchen|UsedFor|car repair
cupboard|garage|CapableOf|be found in a house
egypt|city|IsA|country
pain|crying|IsA|sad emotion
dishwasher|porch|CapableOf|cooking
driveway|house|MadeOf|sand
opera|cinema|HasProperty|a gathering place
change|action|IsA|place to be entertained
desert|sun|IsA|vacation destination
synagogue|house|HasA|exterior walls
meeting|color|PartOf|human mind
chair|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
building|pond|IsA|place you visit often
bar|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
garden|building|IsA|place to grow plants
mouse|bowl|IsA|place to make food
church|apartment|HasProperty|part of a human
food|stove|AtLocation|in a house
kitchen|oven|CapableOf|cook
food|spoon|HasProperty|related to eating
university|dinner|UsedFor|studying
cupboard|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
airplane|airport|CapableOf|fly
countryside|freeway|IsA|place
trees|garden|CapableOf|be part of a house
container|jar|AtLocation|public area
synagogue|building|UsedFor|teaching
relaxation|joy|IsA|mental state
apartment|town|IsA|planet
jar|container|CapableOf|store things
restaurant|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
refrigerator|apartment|IsA|furniture
church|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bar|wires|IsA|list of alphabets
convention|apartment|IsA|planet
sun|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
ocean|river|UsedFor|transportation
basement|den|HasA|roof
library|coats|IsA|place to live
picture|newspaper|AtLocation|library
jungle|park|IsA|outdoor area
america|asia|CapableOf|make movement
building|trees|CapableOf|be part of a house
human|battle|IsA|job
information|thinking|HasA|screen
television|computer|IsA|type of building
airport|garden|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
desk|case|UsedFor|eating
nature|television|IsA|store items
speaker|computer|IsA|physical and movable item
store|school|AtLocation|indoors
box|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
table|cup|UsedFor|keeping things cool
refrigerator|arboretum|IsA|place people live
mexico|human|MadeOf|by man
sea|bay|HasA|water
apartment|office|HasProperty|able to be entered
manual|library|UsedFor|instructions
bathroom|den|HasA|door
warehouse|factory|AtLocation|in united states
beach|pond|IsA|nation
rug|bed|AtLocation|on the map
michigan|maine|IsA|us state
bubblegum|change|CapableOf|hold objects
market|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
house|school|IsA|object
apartment|hallway|HasProperty|able to be entered
human|birds|UsedFor|travel
loft|furniture|IsA|type of building
town|opera|IsA|commercial browser
sun|sunbathers|HasProperty|hot
cabinet|container|IsA|room in a building
dust|corner|CapableOf|show films
concert|house|UsedFor|work
performing|pride|CapableOf|fly
fun|excitement|IsA|mental state
nature|basement|IsA|car
sun|street|HasProperty|white
bathroom|cupboard|HasA|door
plate|bar|IsA|type of food
jar|food|CapableOf|be found in a house
monastery|circus|UsedFor|praying
argument|injuries|IsA|positive card
backpack|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
town|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
apartment|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
air|ground|AtLocation|at a home
human|jail|HasProperty|child friendly
jar|table|UsedFor|keeping things cool
desert|bank|IsA|country
hotel|college|HasA|pool
money|jar|IsA|place you can visit
bathtub|stairs|IsA|type of building
river|valley|HasA|3 letters
chair|cabinet|IsA|object that can be held
remembering|knowledge|MadeOf|wood
indiana|england|IsA|country or state name
school|hospital|IsA|place to live
playground|mexico|UsedFor|driving on or over
greenhouse|garden|AtLocation|inside a home
magazine|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
school|university|UsedFor|recreation activity
manual|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
confusion|good|IsA|action
music|carnival|CapableOf|be performed
pocket|chair|IsA|necessity for education
restaurant|canada|AtLocation|outside
furniture|television|IsA|place
bicycle|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
conference|apartment|IsA|commercial browser
cabinet|stamps|IsA|dish
store|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
kitchen|container|HasA|empty space in it
embarrassment|pain|IsA|feeling/emotion
porch|airport|UsedFor|cooking
air|countryside|IsA|part of nature
laughter|agreement|IsA|activity
excitement|happiness|IsA|activity
church|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
minnesota|city|IsA|building
death|accomplishment|HasProperty|about  clashes
water|moon|UsedFor|work
closet|ground|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
city|street|IsA|part of a municipality
discovery|revelations|UsedFor|seeking an answer
outside|sewer|IsA|room in a building
computer|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
earth|apartment|UsedFor|learning
cabinet|table|IsA|location
trash|greenhouse|HasProperty|found in the garden
building|pond|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
information|internet|UsedFor|reading
ground|garden|IsA|animal
opera|music|PartOf|building
rosebush|indiana|MadeOf|fiber
magazines|table|IsA|room or building
shed|garage|CapableOf|be used for storage
can|pot|MadeOf|metal
apartment|store|UsedFor|buying products
bathroom|bedroom|IsA|object that can be held
alabama|arkansas|IsA|state in uk
sugar|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
toronto|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
hope|sun|HasProperty|found in the house
meeting|head|IsA|place for students
cupboard|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
airport|dentist|IsA|physical item 
house|restaurant|IsA|place of learning
city|control|IsA|concept or place
entertaining|suicide|MadeOf|the human body
apartment|party|AtLocation|inside a house
cabinet|supermarket|HasA|door
wall|maze|IsA|business
library|meeting|HasProperty|a solid item 
desk|office|AtLocation|in a house
closet|office|AtLocation|with water
action|lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
candle|air|IsA|car
safe|highway|CapableOf|be lived in
valley|nature|IsA|1 syllable word
apartment|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
classroom|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
dishwasher|shelf|HasProperty|furniture
supermarket|earth|HasProperty|part of a human
mountain|forest|IsA|living thing
office|corner|HasProperty|used for learning
pain|inspiration|IsA|emotion
sleeping|death|IsA|feeling
outside|mountains|IsA|country or state name
sink|stomach|HasProperty|edible
tent|body|IsA|place
park|pride|IsA|happy card
passageway|building|IsA|public place
water|ocean|CapableOf|store small items
sky|roof|IsA|living thing
town|suburb|IsA|residential area
radio|television|AtLocation|on/in the human body
telephone|office|AtLocation|in the living room
thinking|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
nostalgia|sadness|IsA|emotion
trees|garden|IsA|place people work and live
reflection|contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
meeting|university|HasA|screen
suburbs|town|HasProperty|a country
problems|remembering|IsA|emotion
library|computer|HasProperty|used for learning
bathroom|refrigerator|IsA|food
cage|wilderness|IsA|animal
outdoors|garden|HasA|walls
kitchen|market|IsA|type of food
sun|basement|IsA|car
furniture|wall|MadeOf|wood
house|country|UsedFor|worship
key|money|IsA|thing you have on person
doctor|concert|UsedFor|to get a degree
dust|attic|IsA|place for clothes
magazine|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
suburbs|seaside|IsA|place
carpet|tree|HasProperty|furniture in a house
city|crowd|UsedFor|music
store|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
creek|desert|IsA|natural thing
shelf|shop|MadeOf|metal
mountains|fox|HasA|even number of letter
suburb|suburbs|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
jar|families|IsA|place
house|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
peanuts|ballpark|IsA|cartoon
porch|drawer|CapableOf|store
nature|outdoors|HasProperty|2 syllables
oven|refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
attic|house|IsA|room (type)
closet|auditorium|IsA|building
concert|park|UsedFor|music
supermarket|internet|HasProperty|a gathering place
waterfall|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
wedding|tree|IsA|place or location
library|encyclopedia|UsedFor|studying
outside|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
boat|kitchen|UsedFor|reading
lamp|library|IsA|ground where child play
bedroom|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
bedroom|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
bar|kitchen|UsedFor|car repair
freeway|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
disneyland|porch|CapableOf|cooking
flowers|anthology|IsA|place or location
carpet|wood|HasProperty|furniture in a house
town|park|IsA|place to grow plants
floor|nature|HasProperty|an animal
desert|sky|IsA|part of nature
america|world|MadeOf|water
conference|montana|IsA|place or location
outside|valley|IsA|country
basement|warehouse|AtLocation|within a building's structure
opera|desktop|MadeOf|wood
field|landfill|UsedFor|farmers 
skin|people|HasProperty|an event
forest|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
washington|kentucky|IsA|american state
television|computer|IsA|building
pantry|bar|IsA|type of business
clouds|ground|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
television|library|IsA|thing you can touch
locker|cabinet|IsA|place of learning
bedroom|stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
change|pocket|CapableOf|hold objects
canada|trouble|IsA|concept or place
yard|beach|IsA|nation
apartment|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
street|inside|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
church|park|IsA|person
egypt|canada|UsedFor|digging 
mountains|fox|HasA|start with a
restaurant|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
auditorium|motel|HasA|fee to visit
oven|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
restaurant|refrigerator|IsA|food
desk|lamp|IsA|study room
instruction|money|IsA|emotion
pizza|bread|IsA|type of food
desert|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
switzerland|canada|HasProperty|located in europe
playground|restaurant|IsA|place you visit often
onions|pizza|IsA|type of food
museum|kitchen|UsedFor|car repair
boat|theater|UsedFor|reading
bird|creek|IsA|1 syllable word
manual|vase|CapableOf|be held with one hand
air|outside|PartOf|house
town|convention|IsA|social event
summer|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
birds|food|HasA|physical appearance
airplane|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
jar|park|CapableOf|be eaten
restaurant|table|IsA|dish
forest|garden|HasA|walls
bay|sea|IsA|small body of water
wall|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
closet|carpet|AtLocation|in the sky
information|thinking|IsA|place to study
change|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
beer|container|IsA|type of business
plate|cup|HasA|store edible items
library|restaurant|AtLocation|in your home
wall|refrigerator|AtLocation|indoors
cupboard|kitchen|AtLocation|inside a house
restaurant|garage|CapableOf|storing food
trash|field|UsedFor|playing
michigan|village|AtLocation|on a map
nature|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
opera|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
cellar|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
cup|plate|IsA|location or room
house|street|IsA|car
mountains|wilderness|MadeOf|metal
garage|cabinet|IsA|room (type)
mansion|buildings|HasA|roof
jar|school|CapableOf|be eaten
demonstration|ground|HasProperty|used at meal time
toilet|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
motel|apartment|IsA|building
inspiration|problems|IsA|emotion
sweat|dreams|PartOf|human body
container|food|IsA|location
junk|attic|HasProperty|a household item
refrigerator|table|IsA|type of food
closet|apartment|AtLocation|with water
newspaper|table|IsA|room or building
garage|closet|UsedFor|storage
school|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
cheese|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
california|florida|CapableOf|be read
conference|jar|UsedFor|writing
shop|motel|HasProperty|a place you can work
field|bathroom|IsA|location
food|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
building|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
sky|moon|AtLocation|at a home
backyard|room|MadeOf|living parts
universe|kitchen|AtLocation|public area
church|imagination|UsedFor|praying
garbage|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
furniture|apartment|CapableOf|sleep on it
library|table|IsA|place of formal education
contemplating|performing|CapableOf|cause pain
australia|heaven|IsA|place where money is kept
valley|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
fear|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
enjoyment|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
house|cupboard|IsA|room
chicken|water|UsedFor|transportation
cage|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
beach|disneyland|IsA|place
mountains|arkansas|HasA|even number of letter
internet|people|IsA|location
town|valley|UsedFor|driving on or over
underground|dictionary|IsA|place
prison|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
garden|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
crowd|auditorium|IsA| event
jar|moon|PartOf|kitchen
refrigerator|restaurant|IsA|furniture
tennessee|barnyard|UsedFor| housing animals
chicken|river|UsedFor|transportation
room|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
city|ranch|MadeOf|country
boat|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
garden|suit|UsedFor|learning
home|heaven|UsedFor|travel
synagogue|heaven|UsedFor|praying
connection|bathroom|IsA|public place
restaurant|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
closet|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
container|classroom|UsedFor|writing
attic|closet|CapableOf|be used for storage
school|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
opera|wedding|HasProperty|alive
conference|body|IsA|place
theater|convention|IsA|planet
bedroom|bathroom|UsedFor|holding things
plants|greenhouse|PartOf|glass
ground|plants|HasProperty|found in a home
shelf|house|HasProperty|removable
chocolate|families|IsA|part of the body
heaven|office|UsedFor|praying
hospital|garage|PartOf|the human body
town|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
happiness|laughter|HasProperty|an emotion
attic|closet|CapableOf|part  of a household
trouble|country|CapableOf|make you do something
favors|love|IsA|physical emotion
building|conference|IsA|human or part of human
tent|theater|IsA|commercial browser
container|outside|HasProperty|found below ground level
money|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
soup|pool|IsA|physical item 
workplace|homes|HasProperty|visited by tourists
briefcase|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
closet|dinner|HasProperty|removable
human|birds|PartOf|house 
groceries|supermarket|HasA|ceiling
problems|depression|HasProperty|linked to food
roof|leaves|MadeOf|wood
temple|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
backyard|trouble|MadeOf|walls and ceiling
toilet|bedroom|AtLocation|in a building
bedroom|nebraska|IsA|business that serves food
town|driveway|HasProperty|a location
roof|house|HasProperty|found in a home
cabinet|cupboard|IsA|furniture
ocean|bay|HasA|earth
pot|shelf|IsA|type of business
dog|park|AtLocation|inside a house
container|basement|UsedFor|cooking
drawer|bed|IsA|room or building
arguments|boredom|MadeOf|golden
moon|ground|UsedFor|work
churchyard|bus|AtLocation|in your company
radio|television|IsA|electronic device
cage|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
television|lamp|AtLocation|in office blocks
tree|boat|HasProperty|furniture in a house
cabinet|office|IsA|school supply
medium|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
silence|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
backpack|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
sky|bird|MadeOf|water
jar|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
countryside|pond|IsA|place people work and live
discipline|stretch|HasA|m at the beginning
tennessee|stable|MadeOf|country
cage|hole|IsA|country
workplace|homes|IsA|type of building
building|garage|UsedFor|announcing something
building|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
drink|school|IsA|animal or book
depression|pain|IsA|negative thing
field|trees|IsA|natural or man made
theater|funeral|UsedFor|music
bar|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
erections|desires|CapableOf|hurt
cleanliness|headache|CapableOf|be physically touched
sleep|snore|IsA|animal
office|demonstration|IsA|pencil
desktop|table|HasProperty|edible
house|jail|IsA|product that people buy
countryside|sky|IsA|animal
working|excitement|IsA|negative feeling or expression
dust|utensils|UsedFor|to keep items
bottle|closet|IsA|type of business
church|imagination|IsA|mental place
office|synagogue|HasA|walls
arboretum|california|HasProperty|a state in the usa
funeral|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
school|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
garage|warehouse|IsA|place
restaurant|toilet|HasA|pool
home|bedroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
hallway|bathroom|IsA|room in a house
hospital|computer|IsA|ground where child play
loft|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
alcohol|bar|PartOf|food and drink
television|desktop|UsedFor|worship
library|books|CapableOf|be held in your hand
desk|dishwasher|IsA|something found in a household
outdoors|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
shop|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
toilet|jar|HasA|pipe system attached
casino|change|UsedFor|living
supermarket|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
desktop|oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
oven|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
exhaustion|boredom|MadeOf|pause
depression|trauma|IsA|negative thing
forest|wilderness|IsA|1 syllable word
backpack|trunk|IsA|made of wood
office|book|CapableOf|be worn
library|doctor|CapableOf|provide a service
party|corner|IsA|study room
porch|greenhouse|HasProperty|found in the garden
windowsill|valley|MadeOf|trees
shock|depression|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
shelf|utensils|IsA|made of wood
newspaper|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
river|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
computer|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
pond|mexico|AtLocation|outside
classroom|encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
carrots|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
table|cup|IsA|  place
party|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
tent|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
hole|universe|IsA|animal or book
church|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
floor|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
city|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
nails|conference|IsA|place where students learn
montana|desert|HasProperty|a location
car|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
countryside|yard|MadeOf|sand
town|street|IsA|building
school|library|AtLocation|indoors
pond|river|HasA|water
france|underground|AtLocation|below
computer|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
cupboard|desk|MadeOf|plastic
kitchens|pot|MadeOf|metal
restaurant|house|MadeOf|wood
fight|battle|CapableOf|create physical pain
alcohol|bread|PartOf|food and drink
bathroom|food|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
porch|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
bowl|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
town|suburbs|IsA|residential area
sloth|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
choir|song|HasA|sound
person|dance|PartOf|building
party|office|IsA|ground where child play
restaurant|basement|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
groceries|supermarket|CapableOf|be moved around
dishwasher|cabinet|IsA|something you eat off
airport|shop|IsA|room or building
container|table|UsedFor|serving dinner
door|garage|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
accomplishment|sweat|HasProperty|about  clashes
bed|box|UsedFor|indoor activities
wall|table|AtLocation|library
windowsill|garden|AtLocation|inside a home
antarctica|switzerland|UsedFor| housing animals
cupboard|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
knowledge|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
sewer|cellar|HasProperty|found below ground level
erections|vaccines|AtLocation|usually in a bed
stamps|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
yard|garden|HasProperty|man made
action|street|IsA|place to be entertained
kitchen|pan|CapableOf|cook
bird|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
lasagna|demonstration|IsA|place
map|paper|CapableOf|be worn
house|stadium|UsedFor|pooping
cave|bathroom|IsA|business
playground|mexico|IsA|country
toronto|bed|HasProperty|a household item
pocket|desktop|UsedFor|reading
chair|floor|IsA|place or location
book|atlas|UsedFor|reading
ceiling|desk|PartOf|building a house
attic|ground|IsA|place in a house
house|bridge|UsedFor|in a bathroom
jar|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
apartment|case|IsA|piece of furniture
war|carnival|IsA|action
supermarket|school|IsA|part of the body
meeting|house|UsedFor|happiness
cup|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
tree|desert|HasProperty|man made
disneyland|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
locker|notebook|IsA|building
furniture|bathtub|CapableOf|sleep on it
problems|depression|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
container|condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
cat|backyard|IsA|part of a house
program|opera|UsedFor|worship
restaurant|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
floor|glass|IsA|furniture 
ground|roof|IsA|natural or man made
house|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
house|sink|CapableOf|can you drink it
auditorium|office|IsA|religious card
building|temple|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
bed|nature|HasProperty|a household item
house|palace|HasProperty|a type of building
garbage|nature|AtLocation|in home
curtain|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
jar|box|IsA|reply to a question
closet|ocean|IsA|building
body|convention|IsA|house where man live
college|house|UsedFor|washing
hospital|passageway|IsA|business
pond|fish|HasA|earth
bar|house|AtLocation|in a building
elevator|bedroom|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
minnesota|street|IsA|business that serves food
homes|school|UsedFor|a gathering of people
bed|apartment|AtLocation|with water
bed|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
store|trunk|UsedFor|storing physical things
pain|shock|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
airplane|human|CapableOf|be lived in
clothes|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cabinet|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
embarrassment|fatigue|IsA|emotion
field|glass|HasA|edible items for sale
nest|box|HasProperty|man-made
refrigerator|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
trouble|backyard|MadeOf|walls and ceiling
desk|apartment|IsA|dish
heaven|australia|IsA|animal
manual|pocket|IsA|necessity for education
conference|montana|IsA|place
cellar|restaurant|IsA|food
closet|table|AtLocation|on the map
montana|excavation|UsedFor|digging 
mansion|town|HasProperty|alive
cup|table|UsedFor|keeping things cool
cave|hospital|IsA|business
ocean|michigan|CapableOf|fly
store|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
toilet|bowl|AtLocation|inside a house
desktop|sun|HasProperty|hot
trunk|table|MadeOf|food
europe|university|IsA|place people can meet
sun|snow|IsA|vacation destination
neighborhood|street|IsA|state
classroom|teacher|IsA|school supply
dirt|ground|HasA|feet to stand 
demonstration|classroom|IsA|building
cat|garage|HasProperty|an animal
stupid|discomfort|IsA|emotion
magazine|dictionary|IsA|place
school|coats|IsA|place to live
paperwork|bed|IsA|building
beer|trunk|MadeOf|metal
rosebush|park|IsA|us state
warehouse|basement|AtLocation|within a building's structure
homes|museum|UsedFor|children to study
heaven|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
television|manual|IsA|thing you can touch
movie|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
street|forest|IsA|popular attraction
map|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
dust|shelf|HasProperty|an object
cage|nest|IsA|place where you can stand
refrigerator|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
church|classroom|IsA|object that can be held
garden|trees|IsA|nature-related
fun|excitement|IsA|action
austria|switzerland|IsA|location
garden|town|HasA|walls
bar|market|IsA|location or room
encyclopedia|library|HasProperty|related to studying
rosebush|park|MadeOf|fiber
trouble|nature|IsA|store items
army|country|IsA|organization 
street|ground|IsA|natural product or man made
chicken|water|IsA|physical item 
closet|shed|IsA|room in a home
computer|office|IsA|ground where child play
canada|countryside|AtLocation|outside
museum|store|AtLocation|indoors
countryside|street|MadeOf|wood
human|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
dust|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
bedroom|hotel|IsA|place
india|prison|IsA|place
air|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
kitchens|can|IsA|place for entertainment
auditorium|concert|CapableOf|have people physically in it
tropics|desert|IsA|n individual country
field|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
ocean|sink|CapableOf|store small items
table|porch|UsedFor|cooling
plate|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
beach|ball|UsedFor|playing
utensils|cupboard|MadeOf|food
bedroom|classroom|HasProperty|a room
drawer|porch|UsedFor|cooling
anxiety|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
desk|porch|UsedFor|cooking
stamps|trash|CapableOf|be held in your hands
table|doctor|IsA|room or building
subdivision|china|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
sky|sun|IsA|car
casino|store|IsA|place you can visit
cleanliness|exhaustion|CapableOf|be physically touched
supermarket|container|IsA|place for entertainment
city|country|IsA|concept or place
classroom|town|UsedFor|putting on a show
rug|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
effort|discipline|HasA|m at the beginning
church|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
closet|container|UsedFor|storing physical things
paperwork|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
groceries|pantry|HasA|door
church|earth|IsA|place
television|mouth|IsA|event
locker|atlas|IsA|building
jail|balloon|IsA|product that people buy
country|sun|IsA|place
pride|discovery|CapableOf|fly
cupboard|trash|IsA|place to make food
library|store|IsA|place to live
classroom|office|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
encyclopedia|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
dictionary|books|CapableOf|be held with one hand
desert|roof|IsA|animal
airport|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
party|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
sea|disneyland|IsA|place
house|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
action|relaxation|IsA|positive state
passageway|maze|HasA|beds
vacuum|kitchen|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
book|briefcase|IsA|building
garden|house|UsedFor|worship
effort|exercising|HasProperty|tiring
class|head|IsA|place to study
den|house|CapableOf|be moved around
workplace|church|HasProperty|outdoors
desk|bedroom|IsA|study room
cellar|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
roadway|street|MadeOf|sand
park|greenhouse|CapableOf|laugh
candy|chocolate|CapableOf|be eaten
pride|discovery|IsA|emotion
furniture|bed|HasProperty|an animal
tent|earth|IsA|part of a human
desktop|wall|MadeOf|paper
opera|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
louisiana|alabama|HasA|even number of letter
puddle|river|UsedFor|eating or drinking
building|home|CapableOf|move location
exercising|stretch|HasProperty|tiring
plate|wallet|IsA|something found in a household
toilet|garage|AtLocation|at home
skin|town|IsA|place
window|boat|MadeOf|wood
park|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
voice|song|IsA|electronic device
medium|pool|UsedFor|transportation
landfill|ground|AtLocation|inside
jar|container|CapableOf|be eaten
laughter|pain|IsA|emotion
carrots|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
hole|australia|UsedFor|cooking
snore|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
birds|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
table|church|MadeOf|wood
moss|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
fight|argument|HasProperty|about  clashes
table|dictionary|CapableOf|be held with one hand
book|park|CapableOf|be alive
glass|park|IsA|vacation destination
groceries|container|HasProperty|a beverage
anger|sweetness|HasA|punish
russia|bank|IsA|animal
ground|roof|AtLocation|at floor level
city|driveway|MadeOf|sand
corner|television|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
crying|pain|HasProperty|typically positive
squirrel|birds|IsA|animal
bay|valley|IsA|somewhere animals swim
restaurant|windowsill|AtLocation|in your home
table|closet|UsedFor|storage
pot|trash|CapableOf|be used with a computer
shelf|table|MadeOf|food
office|library|IsA|ground where child play
hotel|school|UsedFor|washing
restaurant|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
city|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
clothes|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
city|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
garage|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
russia|heaven|UsedFor|cooking
sky|sun|AtLocation|at a home
junk|toronto|AtLocation|in home
room|shed|CapableOf|be used for storage
garage|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
shelf|trunk|UsedFor|keeping things inside
cabinet|table|IsA|furniture
water|church|AtLocation|within a building's structure
mouse|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
stuff|box|IsA|place
floor|trunk|MadeOf|wood
shed|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
stable|cow|IsA|animal
lamp|water|IsA|car
carpet|tree|IsA|place or location
shelf|oven|HasProperty|edible
china|subdivision|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
television|desk|IsA|building
furniture|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
museum|garage|IsA|room
enjoyment|happiness|IsA|activity
classroom|backpack|UsedFor|reading
agreement|suffering|IsA|sad emotion
wisconsin|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
pond|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
bubblegum|church|CapableOf|keeping cash
book|atlas|IsA|building
bedroom|desk|IsA|ground where child play
container|briefcase|IsA|piece of furniture
kitchen|table|IsA|type of food
universe|wilderness|IsA|place or location to visit
pantry|plate|HasProperty|used for meals
trouble|control|IsA|organization 
cupboard|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
bedroom|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
bed|wedding|IsA|place or location
world|america|MadeOf|water
synagogue|tent|UsedFor|buying food
apartment|classroom|MadeOf|wood
stomach|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
shelf|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
thinking|butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
depression|crying|IsA|negative thing
wires|office|IsA|building 
pot|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
dog|rug|AtLocation|inside a house
kitchen|shelf|IsA|place to store items
garden|security|IsA|object that can be held
house|plants|HasProperty|found in a home
opera|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
minnesota|state|AtLocation|inside a house
hotel|school|IsA|public building
electricity|program|UsedFor|worship
car|table|UsedFor|storage
box|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
cup|pantry|IsA|type of food
jar|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
street|bicycle|IsA|place
families|food|IsA|public building
store|action|IsA|thing you have on person
refrigerator|cup|IsA|piece of furniture
drawer|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
street|water|PartOf|house
auditorium|office|UsedFor|praying
wallet|purse|UsedFor|paying for items
market|countryside|IsA|something kept at home
restaurant|home|AtLocation|in a house
jar|table|IsA|location
bridge|sink|PartOf|the galaxy
teacher|jar|UsedFor|writing
color|meeting|IsA|part media
condiments|container|CapableOf|be found in a house
newspaper|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
street|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
opera|synagogue|IsA|planet
school|library|IsA|place to live
electricity|lamp|UsedFor|work
enjoyment|fulfillment|IsA|something considered as positive
passageway|hospital|IsA|business
bubblegum|pocket|HasProperty|to do with currency
pond|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
apartment|furniture|IsA|ceremony
glass|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
airport|desktop|HasA|use electricity
pride|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
store|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
desert|beaver|PartOf|political geographical area
key|action|CapableOf|hold objects
clouds|manual|CapableOf|be entered
anthology|table|IsA|art-related item
dust|shelf|IsA|1 syllable word
ocean|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
wall|bathtub|HasProperty|found in a house
container|vacuum|AtLocation|in a cupboard
dust|floor|UsedFor|keeping things inside
picture|ceiling|MadeOf|wood
kitchen|cupboard|AtLocation|indoors
playground|building|HasA|properties of any kind
car|boat|IsA|physical item 
home|arboretum|HasProperty|where someone can live
injuries|aggression|IsA|positive card
restaurant|church|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
ocean|hotel|IsA|place to live
forest|windowsill|IsA|living thing
cat|garage|IsA|store items
wallet|stamps|IsA|form of entertainment
office|college|CapableOf|have people  inside
bowl|disneyland|CapableOf|be used with a computer
birds|airplane|CapableOf|fly
shelf|trunk|IsA|1 syllable word
microwave|airport|AtLocation|library
sloth|cage|AtLocation|at a zoo
bar|office|IsA|list of alphabets
montana|town|IsA|house where man live
garage|storage|CapableOf|work
building|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
knowledge|color|IsA|physical tangible object
jar|park|IsA|event
den|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
store|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
cupboard|shelf|HasProperty|edible
bathroom|church|CapableOf|have people  inside
nature|sky|IsA|car
outside|sewer|IsA|room
china|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
medium|water|UsedFor|transportation
tent|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
building|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
park|detroit|IsA|place where you can visit
countryside|forest|IsA|place
rain|hallway|IsA|car
cave|maze|IsA|business
ocean|valley|IsA|country or state
roof|windowsill|HasProperty|found in a home
shelf|cabinet|UsedFor|holding things
food|jar|AtLocation|in a house
boxes|disneyland|IsA|room
plate|cabinet|IsA|something found in a household
contemplating|cut|CapableOf|fly
opera|desktop|UsedFor|worship
boxes|trunk|IsA|structure or building
peanuts|ballpark|UsedFor|storage
electricity|computer|UsedFor|worship
microwave|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
teaching|confusion|IsA|negative emotion
ocean|office|IsA|n item of furniture
drawer|chair|IsA|place
atlas|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
garage|television|IsA|place
bridge|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
church|party|HasA|usually have people inside
building|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
shock|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
drawer|furniture|IsA|store items
human|concert|UsedFor|recreation activity
town|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
attic|chair|MadeOf|energy
working|excitement|HasA|ltr p
telephone|bedroom|AtLocation|inside someone's home
clouds|closet|CapableOf|show films
church|bar|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
outside|tree|MadeOf|natural materials
countryside|garden|AtLocation|outside
hospital|freeway|HasA|airplanes
montana|people|UsedFor|praying
cellar|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
apartment|garage|HasProperty|a room
sea|ocean|HasProperty|human made
groceries|basement|HasA|roof
headache|arguments|MadeOf|nature
minnesota|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
cellar|container|UsedFor|cooking
office|building|IsA|place to live
apartment|hotel|IsA|building
cabinet|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
church|change|UsedFor|living
concert|silence|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
garden|lamp|MadeOf|wood
books|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be used virtually 
synagogue|tent|IsA|social event
embarrassment|controversy|IsA|negative thing
school|restaurant|HasProperty|child friendly
backpack|pen|IsA|school supply
bottle|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
home|church|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
paper|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
convention|apartment|IsA|social event
conference|earth|IsA|house where man live
music|carnival|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
windowsill|plants|HasProperty|found in a home
inspiration|depression|IsA|emotion
cupboard|toilet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
attic|factory|CapableOf|work
fun|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
apartment|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
sweat|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
building|hotel|HasA|front desk
television|dust|HasProperty|known as dirty
wall|theater|IsA|ceremony
train|farm|UsedFor|overnight stays
problems|crying|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
world|country|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
funeral|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
cellar|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
friends|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
chair|god|IsA|mental place
captivity|encyclopedia|IsA|location
buildings|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
bed|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
box|basement|IsA|place to pray
kitchen|container|PartOf|wood
factory|garage|CapableOf|have people living there
roof|store|HasA|ceiling
refrigerator|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
anger|stress|IsA|negative emotion
street|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
park|bridge|IsA|living/once living
building|hospital|IsA|business
trash|porch|HasProperty|found in the garden
government|sun|IsA|concept or place
store|stairs|CapableOf|sleep on it
plate|utensils|IsA|furniture
garage|woods|HasProperty|a room
supermarket|change|CapableOf|keeping cash
university|humans|HasProperty|something you can touch
mexico|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
shed|water|AtLocation|within a building's structure
boat|kitchen|IsA|ceremony
theater|town|HasProperty|alive
city|government|IsA|object/thing
demonstration|garage|PartOf|the human body
tennessee|antarctica|UsedFor| housing animals
china|suburbs|IsA|place where you can live
container|briefcase|IsA|school supply
conference|wedding|HasProperty|alive
bicycle|cellar|IsA|place to pray
museum|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
waterfall|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
car|utensils|UsedFor|to keep items
pond|garden|IsA|place people work and live
countryside|street|HasProperty|a location
office|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
sun|ground|IsA|car
opera|earth|UsedFor|learning
jar|street|CapableOf|keeping cash
money|bubblegum|CapableOf|hold objects
people|tent|HasProperty|an event
australia|seaside|IsA|place
town|montana|IsA|place where you can live
dishwasher|desk|UsedFor|storage
cupboard|drawer|CapableOf|slide open
shock|money|IsA|emotion
dishes|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
bar|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
lamp|computer|AtLocation|in a kitchen
house|plants|CapableOf|laugh
clothing|home|CapableOf|provide a service
refrigerator|cup|IsA|type of food
workplace|homes|UsedFor|punishing people
synagogue|opera|HasProperty|part of a human
knowledge|inspiration|IsA|positive thing
building|furniture|MadeOf|wood
sink|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
corner|attic|CapableOf|make sounds
bed|castle|UsedFor|travel
aggression|anger|IsA|feeling or emotion
circus|church|UsedFor|praying
michigan|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
drawer|magazine|IsA|room or building
backyard|trouble|UsedFor|standing on
ocean|cage|IsA|living thing
restaurant|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
bar|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
television|color|HasProperty|related to studying
passageway|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
forest|demonstration|IsA|inanimate object
bar|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
school|kitchen|HasProperty|in or is a building
restaurant|television|AtLocation|in a building
roof|bedroom|CapableOf|be found in a house
groceries|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
communication|dancing|IsA|verb
antarctica|museum|MadeOf|wood
inside|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
outside|television|HasA|opening or door
castle|home|UsedFor|travel
change|key|IsA|place you can visit
drawer|apartment|IsA|furniture 
trunk|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
sea|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
toilet|trash|IsA|place to make food
cupboard|silverware|AtLocation|inside an office
market|bar|IsA|type of room in houses
convention|conference|UsedFor|buying food
bathroom|michigan|CapableOf|fly
tears|punch|IsA|emotion
playground|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
mexico|playground|IsA|place people work and live
hole|commercial|CapableOf|be currently visited
home|room|UsedFor|standing on
field|stomach|HasA|edible items for sale
attic|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
house|mouse|IsA|room in a building
floor|drawer|IsA|wooden object 
dust|radio|IsA|place in a house
library|bedroom|IsA|building
vase|market|UsedFor|storing items
couch|lamp|MadeOf|wood
rain|basement|UsedFor|work
loft|building|CapableOf|move location
oven|silverware|MadeOf|metal
desert|park|IsA|animal
yard|desert|HasProperty|a location
moon|water|HasProperty|white
car|supermarket|CapableOf|be entered
shed|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
death|blood|PartOf|the human body
anxiety|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
notebook|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
nature|attic|HasProperty|an animal
meeting|newspaper|HasA|screen
woods|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
texas|france|IsA|place
internet|television|MadeOf|paper
army|city|IsA|place
kitchen|temple|CapableOf|move location
sky|sun|HasProperty|white
air|street|IsA|animal
dishwasher|park|AtLocation|on the map
air|forest|IsA|part of nature
bank|cage|UsedFor|food
roadway|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
apartment|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
clouds|bread|CapableOf|be entered
safe|trunk|CapableOf|store a car
idaho|park|IsA|place you can visit
cage|heaven|MadeOf|paper
circus|imagination|IsA|n item of furniture
mouth|speaker|CapableOf|be attended
backpack|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
alabama|tennessee|IsA|us state
sky|ground|IsA|part of nature
detroit|human|UsedFor|eating
city|subdivision|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
room|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
wall|table|AtLocation|indoors
basement|nature|IsA|car
garage|chair|IsA|store items
airport|market|HasProperty|able to be entered
revelations|thinking|UsedFor|driving
pantry|kitchen|IsA|piece of furniture
bathroom|bridge|IsA|living/once living
bed|couch|AtLocation|mostly inside
backyard|outdoors|HasA|walls
nightmares|dreams|AtLocation|usually in a bed
mountain|nest|IsA|living thing
airport|bathroom|IsA|business
forest|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
radio|television|IsA|place in a house
cage|sloth|AtLocation|at a zoo
dancing|smiles|IsA|verb
heaven|monastery|IsA|mental place
washington|kentucky|PartOf|political geographical area
aquarium|bay|IsA|somewhere animals swim
woods|restaurant|HasA|usually have people inside
stretch|exercise|AtLocation|on the body
bathroom|mansion|HasProperty|alive
sleep|bed|HasProperty|a household item
refrigerator|oven|AtLocation|in a house
house|shelf|HasProperty|an object
library|thinking|IsA|place for students
nature|woods|IsA|natural thing
confession|god|IsA|religious card
park|ground|IsA|living/once living
container|closet|AtLocation|public area
nature|attic|HasProperty|a household item
pride|food|IsA|emotion
refrigerator|encyclopedia|CapableOf|contain multiple people
building|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
church|heaven|IsA|mental place
jar|food|AtLocation|in a house
ground|carpet|IsA|place you can go
books|window|HasProperty|furniture
library|college|UsedFor|housing
airport|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
home|shop|IsA|room or building
freeway|prison|IsA|man-made thing
mexico|trees|IsA|country
sweat|sleeping|HasProperty|negative in human sense
car|fun|HasA|positive connotation
ground|dust|IsA|place you can go
bar|shelf|UsedFor|storing things in
suburb|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
problems|knowledge|MadeOf|wood
classroom|cinema|HasProperty|alive
box|boxes|UsedFor|storing physical things
bedroom|floor|IsA|item of furniture
store|supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
dishwasher|desk|IsA|something you eat off
countryside|forest|IsA|proper noun
carrots|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
desktop|paper|IsA|place of learning
theater|people|IsA|part of a human
supermarket|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
concert|drugs|UsedFor|to get a degree
magazine|airport|CapableOf|store
excavation|egypt|UsedFor|driving 
wedding|convention|UsedFor|buying food
park|human|IsA|country
town|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
bridge|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
airplane|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
house|ocean|CapableOf|can you drink it
confusion|anger|HasA|ltr p
college|school|IsA|place of learning
museum|kitchen|HasA|usually have people inside
money|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
hallway|valley|IsA|country or state
sun|home|CapableOf|move location
vase|windowsill|UsedFor|holding things
bedroom|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
opera|classroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
army|city|IsA|concept or place
exercise|stretch|HasProperty|tiring
table|bedroom|CapableOf|be found in a house
casino|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
wallet|movie|IsA|something found in a household
dust|clouds|CapableOf|make sounds
container|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
desert|forest|IsA|popular attraction
synagogue|supermarket|HasA|ticket box usually
sink|soup|CapableOf|be used as transport 
kitchen|hole|IsA|animal or book
antarctica|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
cupboard|field|IsA|sweet or savory
tree|desert|IsA|animal
freeway|passageway|HasA|beds
enemies|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
yard|beach|AtLocation|outside
air|frisbee|UsedFor|throwing
backyard|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
wallet|film|IsA|something you eat off
office|airport|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
nostalgia|depression|IsA|positive thing
closet|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
pond|yard|CapableOf|be part of a house
program|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
food|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
school|apartment|IsA|pencil
warehouse|closet|IsA|place to pray
container|box|CapableOf|be eaten
france|wilderness|IsA|activity 
trouble|control|CapableOf|place
dishwasher|cabinet|HasProperty|furniture
ocean|river|IsA|place that humans can swim
garden|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
attic|warehouse|CapableOf|be used for storage
office|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
bay|river|IsA|somewhere animals swim
clothing|closet|MadeOf|food
head|knowledge|IsA|part media
office|motel|IsA|ground where child play
tent|synagogue|HasProperty|part of a human
table|toilet|AtLocation|home
earth|montana|IsA|place
favors|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
jar|nails|CapableOf|be eaten
food|chocolate|UsedFor|eating
jail|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
yard|backyard|HasA|walls
joy|cleanliness|MadeOf|pause
contemplating|food|CapableOf|cause pain
town|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
stove|kitchen|HasProperty|used for meals
case|stamps|MadeOf|wood
conference|church|UsedFor|buying food
shock|knowledge|IsA|emotion
restaurant|park|IsA|place to grow plants
warehouse|loft|IsA|structure or building
suburbs|america|CapableOf|be read
junk|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
excitement|communication|IsA|verb
desires|nightmares|HasProperty|negative in human sense
tears|favors|IsA|enjoyable
food|jar|IsA|public building
arguments|cleanliness|MadeOf|golden
university|thinking|UsedFor|studying
movies|box|IsA|object
fun|inspiration|IsA|emotion
safe|thinking|IsA|part media
information|television|HasProperty|a publication
disneyland|refrigerator|CapableOf|be used with a computer
bowl|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
meeting|internet|IsA|thing you can touch
families|movies|IsA|place
apartment|theater|MadeOf|wood
attic|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
argument|battle|HasA|physical element
rug|park|AtLocation|on the map
hotel|school|IsA|event
montana|heaven|IsA|place of religion
jar|television|UsedFor|eating
corner|party|IsA|study room
ocean|moon|CapableOf|can you drink it
moon|sink|CapableOf|can you drink it
synagogue|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
bank|heaven|MadeOf|paper
suburb|subdivision|IsA|place where you can live
office|computer|IsA|place of formal education
garbage|television|UsedFor|storage
lights|funeral|UsedFor|music
movies|television|CapableOf|be watched
europe|movie|UsedFor|learning
desktop|party|IsA|study room
bathtub|garden|HasA|first letter c
marmoset|france|IsA|activity 
punch|happiness|IsA|noun
kitchen|plate|AtLocation|in a house
shelf|table|AtLocation|library
computer|party|IsA|building
classroom|office|UsedFor|holding art collections
texas|colorado|AtLocation|labeled on a map
reflection|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
glass|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
desktop|wall|IsA|room
clothing|table|CapableOf|provide a service
church|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
temple|building|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
store|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
fight|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
building|countryside|CapableOf|be part of a house
concert|building|IsA|physical and movable item
shelf|pan|MadeOf|metal
water|rain|AtLocation|at a home
skyscraper|village|AtLocation|in your company
garage|michigan|UsedFor|generating products or plants
cut|pride|HasA|physical appearance
pantry|kitchen|IsA|type of food
bathroom|countryside|IsA|living/once living
automobile|trunk|UsedFor|car travel
attic|garage|HasProperty|used for cooking in
opera|supermarket|UsedFor|learning
electricity|concert|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
kitchen|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
market|store|HasProperty|used at meal time
classroom|museum|IsA|place of learning
cat|dog|IsA|a animal
briefcase|paper|UsedFor|writing
regret|pride|IsA|feeling
airport|birds|CapableOf|fly
reflection|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
dinner|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
people|office|IsA|religious card
table|museum|UsedFor|storage
classroom|bathroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
smiles|entertaining|IsA|activity
apartment|museum|IsA|type of building
tears|entertaining|IsA|activity
disneyland|mouse|IsA|furniture
desk|ocean|IsA|religious card
oven|kitchen|HasA|empty space in it
convention|wedding|IsA|place
closet|attic|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
school|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
supermarket|refrigerator|HasProperty|associated with drinking
salad|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
mountains|rock|IsA|living/once living
office|paper|CapableOf|be used for travel
potatoes|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
entertaining|favors|IsA|verb
furniture|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
library|factory|IsA|place
exhaustion|boredom|MadeOf|golden
ballpark|front|IsA|cartoon
fun|joy|IsA|verb
computer|closet|HasA|first letter c
class|library|IsA|part media
ceiling|newspaper|AtLocation|library
convention|synagogue|IsA|social event
factory|doctor|IsA|country
classroom|temple|IsA|place to sleep
theater|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
cellar|container|IsA|room in a building
party|house|PartOf|food and drink
table|desktop|CapableOf|be found in a house
snore|floor|IsA|place
television|trouble|PartOf|house
outside|sugar|IsA|room
bathroom|church|IsA|object that can be held
elevator|television|IsA|physical and movable item
pond|trees|AtLocation|outside
garage|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
action|supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
church|table|MadeOf|glass
death|defeat|IsA|positive card
garden|street|HasProperty|man made
atlas|map|CapableOf|be worn
backyard|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
windowsill|dust|MadeOf|wood
movie|meeting|AtLocation|in a building
switzerland|ranch|MadeOf|country
couch|desktop|UsedFor|work
internet|buildings|HasProperty|a gathering place
party|office|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
theater|apartment|IsA|social event
basement|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bread|container|IsA|location or room
television|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
movement|exercise|HasProperty|tiring
confession|church|IsA|religious card
beach|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
lamp|sky|UsedFor|work
library|information|HasProperty|a solid item 
toilet|moon|CapableOf|store small items
utensils|case|CapableOf|be held in your hands
refrigerator|vase|IsA|necessity for education
bathroom|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
stamps|desk|MadeOf|wood
show|human|UsedFor|to get a degree
outdoors|yard|IsA|nation
house|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
park|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
mountains|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
summer|windowsill|IsA|place
reflection|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
families|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
field|lemur|MadeOf|paper
glass|shelf|HasA|edible items for sale
warehouse|basement|IsA|structure or building
rock|village|HasProperty|in a cold climate
battle|injuries|HasA|physical element
pond|building|HasA|properties of any kind
smiles|excitement|IsA|activity
manual|library|IsA|physical object
hole|wilderness|UsedFor|holding animals
subdivision|city|MadeOf|sand
bathroom|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
nebraska|michigan|IsA|part of a municipality
city|countryside|IsA|place where you can live
countryside|forest|CapableOf|be read
pantry|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
condiments|oven|AtLocation|in a house
table|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
school|hospital|UsedFor|reading books
jar|toilet|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
motel|jail|HasA|usually have people inside
table|shelf|IsA|place or location
cupboard|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
warehouse|car|IsA|place to pray
restaurant|classroom|HasA|usually have people inside
disneyland|street|AtLocation|at america
problems|pain|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
head|library|HasA|screen
roof|museum|UsedFor|storage
class|color|IsA|physical tangible object
cat|television|IsA|place
store|house|UsedFor|to keep items
instruction|hunger|MadeOf|wood
restaurant|school|HasA|pool
desk|refrigerator|CapableOf|contain multiple people
pantry|home|HasA|door
synagogue|palace|PartOf|the human body
pond|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
germany|mind|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
bottle|jar|MadeOf|wood
pain|problems|IsA|emotion
internet|information|CapableOf| be held in your hand
opera|electricity|UsedFor|worship
desk|attic|UsedFor|serving food
like|love|HasProperty|an emotion
store|roof|HasProperty|man-made
house|bathroom|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
bird|fleas|HasA|animal
tennessee|fox|HasA|even number of letter
happiness|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
radio|television|CapableOf|make sounds
countryside|cottage|HasProperty|in a cold climate
warehouse|closet|CapableOf|be used for storage
opera|carnival|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
store|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
dishwasher|mouse|IsA|building
embarrassment|enjoyment|IsA|emotion
cabinet|office|IsA|place where students learn
landfill|street|UsedFor|farmers 
discovery|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
manual|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
onions|cheese|IsA|type of food
cabinet|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
like|laughter|UsedFor|hobbies
office|school|IsA|item of clothing
discovery|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
outdoors|playground|HasA|walls
garden|park|IsA|place to grow plants
garden|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
cellar|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
army|government|CapableOf|make you do something
opera|mansion|IsA|location
apartment|theater|IsA|social event
store|cabinet|IsA|school supply
can|container|IsA|place for entertainment
boxes|bag|IsA|structure or building
clouds|dust|IsA|place for clothes
controversy|problems|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
bicycle|room|IsA|place to pray
street|fun|IsA|place
apartment|microwave|UsedFor|storage
buildings|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
food|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
house|hallway|HasProperty|white
pain|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
america|suburbs|IsA|place
injuries|battle|HasProperty|about  clashes
house|garden|PartOf|body
pride|action|IsA|negative emotion
notebook|cabinet|IsA|building
corner|friends|IsA|type /part of building
store|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
cupboard|box|IsA|location
people|park|HasA|ticket box usually
outside|park|UsedFor|throwing
telegram|library|HasProperty|a solid item 
basement|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
suburb|street|IsA|business that serves food
garage|car|IsA|physical item 
funeral|wedding|IsA|event
cave|gate|IsA|business
bowl|restaurant|IsA|food
silverware|oven|HasA|edible items for sale
barnyard|tennessee|UsedFor|food
tent|apartment|IsA|place
television|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
toilet|bathroom|UsedFor|formal learning
lights|funeral|IsA|place
california|home|IsA|place where people live
kitchen|shelf|IsA|furniture 
den|basement|HasA|roof
program|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
desktop|restaurant|UsedFor|work
ground|corner|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
stove|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
house|jail|UsedFor|driving
ocean|continent|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
stamps|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
house|rug|HasA|animal
cup|plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
television|hotel|IsA|part of the body
toilet|trash|CapableOf|be used with a computer
desktop|opera|MadeOf|wood
table|chair|UsedFor|sleeping on
drawer|junk|IsA|store items
air|street|IsA|car
kitchen|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
ocean|river|UsedFor|eating or drinking
field|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
china|city|CapableOf|be parked on
headache|action|UsedFor|driving
building|theater|MadeOf|wood
nest|michigan|HasProperty|man-made
lamp|office|IsA|ground where child play
clouds|corner|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
disneyland|movie|IsA|dish
table|box|IsA|location
closet|orbit|AtLocation|public area
bar|homes|UsedFor|ordering a burger
university|garden|IsA|object that can be held
supermarket|confession|HasA|ticket box usually
shop|library|IsA|building
trash|stamps|IsA|place
program|electricity|UsedFor|live performances
australia|bank|IsA|animal
confession|conference|HasA|ticket box usually
michigan|utensils|IsA|furniture
restaurant|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
toilet|pot|CapableOf|be used with a computer
sun|sky|HasProperty|white
box|food|IsA|public building
ceiling|candle|IsA|car
bathtub|furniture|HasA|ceiling
car|sun|HasProperty|capable of burning you
cave|library|UsedFor|reading books
internet|information|MadeOf|people gathering together
tile|bed|AtLocation|with water
families|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
clouds|party|IsA|product that people buy
container|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
ocean|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
case|backpack|CapableOf|be held in your hands
newspaper|information|UsedFor|news
playground|park|HasProperty|a country
nails|table|AtLocation|in a home
cabinet|pantry|AtLocation|indoors
box|store|CapableOf|fly
car|closet|IsA|place
farm|entertainment|IsA|tourist destination
bar|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
desktop|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
hotel|garage|CapableOf|hold people against their will
imagination|ocean|UsedFor|praying
earth|people|HasProperty|an event
floor|newspaper|IsA|room or building
bicycle|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
aircraft|stadium|UsedFor|pooping
house|park|AtLocation|outside
bowl|plate|IsA|something found in a household
church|restaurant|IsA|state in usa
cupboard|pantry|AtLocation|indoors
countryside|city|MadeOf|sand
house|hotel|IsA|building
backyard|garden|HasA|walls
classroom|bar|IsA|room
prison|freeway|IsA|proper noun
jail|school|HasA|usually have people inside
indiana|park|PartOf|house
toilet|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
opera|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
corner|radio|IsA|place for clothes
germany|war|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
desert|newspaper|IsA|residential area
garage|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
desktop|park|HasProperty|hot
wall|building|IsA|ceremony
yard|china|HasProperty|a location
lamp|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
school|court|HasA|roof
forest|town|HasA|properties of any kind
car|airport|HasA|use electricity
roof|pantry|MadeOf|wood
restaurant|yard|IsA|nature-related
garbage|chair|IsA|place
dishwasher|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
underground|mountains|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
backpack|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
bathroom|bowl|IsA|food
trees|forest|IsA|place people work and live
garden|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
club|movie|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
band|human|IsA|country
forest|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
coffee|table|UsedFor|eating
dinner|bar|UsedFor|eating or drinking
snore|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
kitchen|jar|PartOf|wood
crying|suffering|IsA|reaction
countryside|market|IsA|something kept at home
depression|sadness|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
container|trunk|IsA|structure or building
boat|tree|HasProperty|furniture in a house
trees|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
desk|case|IsA|something found in a household
cupboard|field|CapableOf|be sweet
floor|furniture|PartOf|house
air|sky|AtLocation|at a home
ocean|sink|UsedFor|transportation
park|disneyland|HasProperty|hot
opera|mansion|HasProperty|alive
outside|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
discovery|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
stove|plate|AtLocation|in a house
trash|drawer|UsedFor|eating
encyclopedia|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
field|rock|PartOf|nature
bathroom|pan|MadeOf|metal
shoes|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
trunk|container|IsA|structure or building
junk|attic|IsA|place
street|city|IsA|part of a municipality
closet|corner|MadeOf|organic brown matter
hospital|freeway|IsA|business
ground|forest|IsA|living/once living
disneyland|circus|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
table|kitchen|CapableOf|cook things
park|arguments|MadeOf|pause
school|doctor|UsedFor|recreation activity
restaurant|kitchens|IsA|type of business
electricity|computer|MadeOf|wood
human|restaurant|IsA|country
market|cup|IsA|type of food
building|airport|IsA|item of clothing
container|mouse|HasProperty|found below ground level
sky|tree|IsA|animal
passageway|lamp|UsedFor|reading books
auditorium|imagination|IsA|mental place
clothing|porch|UsedFor|reading
hotel|basement|HasProperty|a place where people sing
england|maine|IsA|country or state
synagogue|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
electricity|building|IsA|physical and movable item
paper|office|CapableOf|be used for travel
universe|humans|IsA|place you can visit
warehouse|attic|UsedFor|storing stuffs
house|lamp|UsedFor|work
tennessee|antarctica|IsA|animal
mouse|kitchen|IsA|furniture
silence|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
desert|wilderness|IsA|natural thing
pantry|house|HasA|door
library|meeting|CapableOf|be alive
school|wings|CapableOf|fly
florida|maine|HasA|border with an ocean
wilderness|beaver|CapableOf|be read
street|city|IsA|business that serves food
kitchen|nails|UsedFor|storage
skin|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
lemur|heaven|MadeOf|paper
shop|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
cabinet|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
freeway|wilderness|IsA|proper noun
doctor|shop|CapableOf|provide a service
birds|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
pain|knowledge|IsA|emotion
refrigerator|pantry|IsA|  place
locker|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
garage|attic|MadeOf|water
bedroom|office|CapableOf|have people  inside
buildings|town|HasProperty|alive
happiness|anger|IsA|noun
hole|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
anxiety|fulfillment|IsA|emotion
trash|garage|IsA|furniture
carpet|bed|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
outside|picture|IsA|place
books|glass|IsA|furniture 
body|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
canada|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
cabinet|table|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|museum|IsA|place to store items
conference|opera|IsA|commercial browser
entertaining|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
headache|relaxation|UsedFor|seeking an answer
backpack|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
closet|attic|HasA|opening or door
nature|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
attic|trouble|PartOf|house
house|court|IsA|in a home
palace|bathroom|UsedFor|sport
pain|problems|IsA|negative thing
australia|field|MadeOf|paper
bottle|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
pool|fly|UsedFor|transportation
computer|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
love|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
dog|party|AtLocation|inside a house
happiness|tears|IsA|activity
desktop|shelf|AtLocation|inside an office
refrigerator|container|CapableOf|be found in a house
subdivision|yard|IsA|state
cabinet|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
house|drink|IsA|animal or book
floor|desk|PartOf|building a house
summer|sunbathers|IsA|place
love|wall|HasA|airplanes
safe|house|UsedFor|car travel
aggression|defeat|HasA|physical element
university|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
squirrel|sky|HasProperty|man made
wisconsin|city|HasA|water
funeral|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
house|library|UsedFor|studying in
cage|hole|MadeOf|sand
knowledge|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
outside|container|UsedFor|cooking
trunk|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
forest|desert|PartOf|city
film|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
garage|basement|PartOf|house
floor|bed|CapableOf|store
corner|desk|AtLocation|inside someone's home
room|refrigerator|IsA|product that people buy
city|excavation|UsedFor|driving 
town|earth|IsA|home
table|backpack|IsA|location
cabinet|movie|IsA|something found in a household
radio|television|UsedFor|news
america|country|IsA|continent
television|information|MadeOf|meet
friends|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
airplane|ceiling|IsA|place to sleep
church|jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
reflection|birds|IsA|emotion
cat|nature|IsA|animal
television|newspaper|UsedFor|news
manual|encyclopedia|UsedFor|viewing/reading
meeting|club|AtLocation|in a building
classroom|cinema|UsedFor| gathering together
conference|building|CapableOf|make a sound
toilet|porch|CapableOf|cooking
building|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
school|office|IsA|item of clothing
shelf|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
town|conference|UsedFor| gathering together
house|dust|IsA|made of wood
film|case|IsA|something you eat off
wilderness|texas|MadeOf|metal
jail|library|IsA|physical item 
detroit|airport|AtLocation|on a map
desert|sun|IsA|place
disneyland|outside|IsA|room (type)
relaxation|fun|IsA|form of communication
subdivision|countryside|IsA|residential area
forest|woods|HasProperty|part of your  house
moon|ceiling|IsA|car
desktop|cabinet|IsA|building
garden|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
food|cut|IsA|emotion
outdoors|forest|IsA|nation
allergies|exhaustion|CapableOf|be physically touched
movie|meeting|IsA|place people can meet
closet|dog|AtLocation|inside a house
sewer|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
attic|windowsill|AtLocation|in the sky
chair|ocean|UsedFor|praying
dishwasher|dog|AtLocation|on the map
windowsill|roof|HasProperty|found in a home
hospital|house|IsA|ground where child play
sleeping|dreams|IsA|feeling
pain|problems|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
stomach|kitchen|HasProperty|edible
ocean|friend|IsA|specific place
toronto|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
front|space|UsedFor|containing objects
valley|pond|IsA|somewhere animals swim
market|apartment|IsA|food
shelf|cabinet|CapableOf|be found in a house
world|dirt|IsA|continent
confession|heaven|UsedFor|praying
dinner|utensils|IsA|furniture
bedroom|desk|AtLocation|in a house
trash|bowl|IsA|place to make food
synagogue|apartment|IsA|event
conference|bathroom|IsA|location
morgue|death|IsA|type of fluid
books|manual|HasA|letter e in it
tears|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
garage|warehouse|CapableOf|work
toilet|water|UsedFor|link between places
cup|table|HasA|store edible items
bicycle|fun|IsA|place
ontario|canada|PartOf|america
room|loft|UsedFor|buying things
bottle|can|UsedFor|storing things in
confusion|war|IsA|action
desktop|television|UsedFor|worship
opera|mansion|UsedFor| gathering together
trunk|container|IsA|type of business
town|buildings|HasProperty|alive
minnesota|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
discovery|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
synagogue|church|HasProperty|an event
stable|switzerland|MadeOf|country
table|bedroom|IsA|room
table|wall|AtLocation|library
cat|chair|HasProperty|an animal
lamp|shop|HasProperty|1 syllable
kitchen|garage|IsA|room
restaurant|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
montana|street|HasProperty|a country
cat|attic|AtLocation|in home
kitchens|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
snore|furniture|IsA|place
closet|room|CapableOf|be used for storage
mountains|texas|MadeOf|metal
home|bed|CapableOf|be easily carried
speaker|mouth|PartOf|body
garage|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
table|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
museum|roof|MadeOf|wood
confession|carnival|HasA|ticket box usually
store|floor|IsA|made of wood
casino|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
bathroom|kitchen|UsedFor|work
park|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
airport|hospital|IsA|item of clothing
basement|floor|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
greenhouse|roof|PartOf|body
restaurant|party|AtLocation|inside a house
action|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
hotel|hospital|IsA|building 
dishwasher|case|IsA|piece of furniture
bar|kitchen|IsA|room
commercial|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
playground|park|UsedFor|swimming
wires|desktop|IsA|building 
cage|sloth|MadeOf|water
box|stuff|IsA|place
church|throne|UsedFor|learning
skyscraper|doorway|UsedFor|travel
box|utensils|MadeOf|wood
house|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
dishwasher|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
refrigerator|paper|HasProperty|sold in stores
desert|sun|HasProperty|hot
restaurant|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
shed|store|IsA|room in a home
market|cup|IsA|piece of furniture
apartment|library|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
stream|encyclopedia|IsA|place
park|plants|HasA|green plant
garbage|junk|IsA|store items
country|city|IsA|concept or place
sink|car|IsA|physical item 
porch|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
village|painting|HasA|outdoor scenery
classroom|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
minnesota|field|IsA|location
college|security|IsA|object that can be held
office|bathtub|IsA|ceremony
montana|supermarket|IsA|place or location
pot|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
tent|theater|IsA|place you buy food
passageway|airport|IsA|public place
toilet|bathroom|AtLocation|in a building
home|airport|IsA|object that can be held
building|connection|HasA|airplanes
classroom|kitchen|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
ground|water|UsedFor|work
marmoset|encyclopedia|IsA|animal or book
stress|aggression|IsA|feeling or emotion
key|florida|UsedFor|living
bathroom|kitchen|UsedFor|car repair
knowing|remembering|MadeOf|wood
stove|cup|HasA|empty space in it
soup|medium|IsA|physical item 
electricity|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
jar|families|IsA|event
depression|sleep|MadeOf|wood
ground|street|IsA|animal
refrigerator|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
telephone|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
meeting|books|PartOf|publication
building|closet|UsedFor|a holiday
universe|university|IsA|drink
control|corporation|HasA|movie
apartment|window|IsA|furniture
food|reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
bathtub|loft|UsedFor|decoration
montana|china|HasProperty|a location
human|park|UsedFor|education
glass|floor|IsA|furniture
sweat|erections|IsA|physical object
opera|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
street|wood|IsA|place or location
stretch|exercising|HasProperty|a physical activity
cupboard|outside|UsedFor|cooking
love|crying|IsA|sad emotion
sweetness|punch|UsedFor|punish
basement|supermarket|HasA|door
wedding|candy|IsA|part of the body
shelf|silverware|AtLocation|inside an office
movement|exercising|CapableOf|cause injury
map|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
bar|restaurant|UsedFor|ordering a burger
shelf|kitchen|HasProperty|edible
drawer|clothes|HasProperty|an object
bread|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
attic|desk|HasProperty|found in the house
hotel|hospital|IsA|public place
apartment|convention|IsA|part of a human
backyard|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
attic|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
head|university|HasProperty|a meal
conference|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
house|stadium|CapableOf|fly
crowd|park|UsedFor|music
mouse|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
cellar|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
disneyland|toilet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
silverware|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
magazine|newspaper|CapableOf| be held in your hand
action|pride|CapableOf|cause pain
box|table|CapableOf|be eaten
apartment|building|IsA|place or location
sea|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
food|box|IsA|public building
fingernails|computer|HasA|wheels
home|california|IsA|place where people live
defeat|battle|IsA|positive card
office|porch|UsedFor|cooking
books|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
magazine|clothing|IsA|room or building
pennsylvania|canada|IsA|location
forest|town|UsedFor|swimming
kitchen|table|IsA|furniture 
shelf|sink|HasA|edible items for sale
table|picture|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
relaxation|headache|UsedFor|driving
captivity|lizard|IsA|location
house|outside|UsedFor|cooking
concert|opera|UsedFor|live performances
passageway|ocean|IsA|place to live
disneyland|seattle|PartOf|city
building|ocean|IsA|place to live
demonstration|person|UsedFor|announcing something
house|passageway|HasA|airplanes
encyclopedia|sloth|IsA|animal or book
manual|information|MadeOf|meet
river|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
room|cat|IsA|garden
knowledge|information|HasA|screen
mouth|song|IsA|tv show
dishwasher|bowl|CapableOf|be used with a computer
garage|closet|HasProperty|a place where people sing
kitchen|mess|IsA|building
park|arguments|PartOf|city
action|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
closet|container|UsedFor|storing things in
nightmares|shock|IsA|emotion
church|game|UsedFor|learning
money|wallet|IsA|thing you have on person
doctor|battle|PartOf|man body
excitement|satisfaction|IsA|negative feeling or expression
bird|lake|MadeOf|trees
mouse|sewer|IsA|room
forest|park|IsA|part of nature
dishwasher|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
bottle|bar|HasA|plug or power source
refrigerator|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
hospital|school|PartOf|the human body
countryside|painting|HasA|outdoor scenery
apartment|pantry|IsA|furniture 
demonstration|market|HasProperty|used at meal time
garden|notebook|HasProperty|sold in stores
closet|pot|IsA|type of business
apartment|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
loft|basement|IsA|structure or building
stuff|plate|UsedFor|eating
dream|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
classroom|demonstration|UsedFor|packing things inside
park|headache|MadeOf|golden
countryside|kitchen|CapableOf|be currently visited
opera|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
restaurant|michigan|IsA|country
trunk|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
jar|teacher|IsA|place where students learn
house|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
heaven|lemur|AtLocation|in home
human|ocean|IsA|building
office|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
trouble|country|CapableOf|place
stretch|exercise|CapableOf|cause injury
office|trunk|CapableOf|move people
food|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
store|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
fight|battle|HasProperty|about  clashes
carpet|wood|IsA|place or location
library|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
theater|jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
crying|money|IsA|emotion
refrigerator|container|HasProperty|a beverage
shelf|refrigerator|UsedFor|storage of physical items
desk|film|IsA|something you eat off
forest|desert|IsA|type of land
sleep|toronto|PartOf|house
rug|bathtub|HasA|ceiling
entertaining|tears|IsA|emotion
circus|opera|HasA|ticket box usually
desktop|summer|IsA|person
dictionary|books|IsA|necessity for education
painting|ground|IsA|place you can live
home|airport|UsedFor|cooling
louisiana|fox|IsA|country
bread|cheese|IsA|location or room
glass|stomach|HasA|edible items for sale
television|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
crying|depression|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
song|choir|IsA|electronic device
attic|cellar|IsA|structure or building
person|assessment|CapableOf|be attended
furniture|window|MadeOf|wood
closet|room|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
city|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
forest|garden|UsedFor|children to play
case|stuff|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
building|hotel|IsA|public place
head|field|UsedFor|studying
street|field|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
basement|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
supermarket|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
sun|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
park|garden|IsA|country
library|color|HasProperty|a meal
aquarium|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
utensils|dinner|UsedFor|storage
bathroom|ocean|IsA|building
factory|band|IsA|country
trunk|shelf|IsA|made of wood
louisiana|tennessee|IsA|state in uk
backpack|table|HasProperty|an object
dictionary|universe|IsA|place
container|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
cabinet|nails|CapableOf|be eaten
house|store|UsedFor|to keep items
party|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
tree|ocean|UsedFor|throwing
hunger|instruction|MadeOf|wood
valley|sea|HasProperty|human made
warehouse|cellar|IsA|structure or building
refrigerator|ficus|HasProperty|decorative
mail|container|IsA|room in a home
lamp|house|IsA|study room
world|continent|HasProperty|ruled by one government
bag|container|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
field|hole|IsA|place
bedroom|hallway|AtLocation|in a building
subdivision|town|MadeOf|sand
street|river|IsA|place or location
bathroom|love|HasA|airplanes
paperwork|tile|AtLocation|with water
computer|desktop|UsedFor|work
notebook|map|IsA|building
film|desk|IsA|something you eat off
countryside|wilderness|IsA|1 syllable word
refrigerator|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
backyard|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
frogs|ground|IsA|place you can go
performing|contemplating|IsA|colorful
wallet|purse|IsA|place you can visit
park|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
yard|swimming|IsA|part of nature
canada|excavation|UsedFor|driving 
theater|funeral|MadeOf|wood
auditorium|church|UsedFor|sleeping
tree|ground|IsA|part of nature
hunger|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
box|stuff|IsA|1 syllable word
porch|airport|CapableOf|store
museum|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
bed|magazine|IsA|room or building
school|library|HasProperty|material
locker|briefcase|IsA|building
neighborhood|house|IsA|state
sunshine|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
paper|backpack|IsA|school supply
mouse|basement|HasProperty|found below ground level
montana|town|IsA|place or location
locker|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
briefcase|map|IsA|place of learning
university|church|PartOf|house
yard|bridge|IsA|living/once living
canada|country|IsA|object/thing
television|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
cave|school|UsedFor|a holiday
park|frisbee|UsedFor|throwing
head|field|IsA|place to study
sloth|commercial|CapableOf|be read
jar|ballpark|HasA|to do with planets
building|town|AtLocation|outside
book|internet|UsedFor|reading
sailboat|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
church|couch|UsedFor|work
opera|bathroom|IsA|location
shed|container|IsA|room in a home
thinking|performing|IsA|colorful
motel|jail|IsA|building
newspaper|meeting|HasA|screen
garage|cellar|IsA|place
school|church|UsedFor|free
neighborhood|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
papers|desktop|IsA|furniture
tile|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
town|wedding|IsA|location
cinema|town|HasProperty|alive
refrigerator|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
house|sky|UsedFor|work
dictionary|fly|IsA|place
jar|container|HasProperty|used for meals
synagogue|wedding|IsA|planet
yard|park|UsedFor|swimming
porch|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
town|china|HasA|buildings in it
ocean|coats|IsA|place to live
university|street|PartOf|house
shelf|garage|CapableOf|be found in a house
rug|table|AtLocation|on the map
library|hallway|IsA|type /part of building
pocket|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
thinking|dinner|IsA|part media
street|river|IsA|physical item 
manual|library|MadeOf|technology
antarctica|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
table|trunk|CapableOf|be worn
cup|shoes|UsedFor|indoor activities
room|hallway|AtLocation|at a home
contemplating|thinking|CapableOf|fly
opera|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
continent|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
pain|depression|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
attic|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
pot|bowl|AtLocation|inside a house
table|floor|IsA|room or building
loft|room|PartOf|single housing unit
exercising|stretch|HasProperty|a physical activity
roof|bathroom|IsA|place where you can stand
garage|ocean|UsedFor|eating or drinking
punch|tears|CapableOf|make you sad
waterfall|ocean|HasA|3 letters
funeral|store|IsA|room in a home
disneyland|apartment|IsA|dish
concert|conference|HasA|ticket box usually
theater|wall|UsedFor|reading
newspaper|magazine|CapableOf| be held in your hand
school|classroom|UsedFor|learning
restaurant|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
pocket|library|IsA|necessity for education
stress|enemies|IsA|positive card
fox|mountains|IsA|us state
church|montana|HasProperty|part of a human
canada|mexico|AtLocation|outside
cabinet|den|CapableOf|be moved around
office|tile|AtLocation|with water
refrigerator|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
utensils|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
table|cupboard|UsedFor|keeping books
countryside|swimming|IsA|animal
hotel|building|HasA|front desk
montana|synagogue|IsA|mental place
shelf|windowsill|UsedFor|holding things
cabinet|shelf|CapableOf|contain multiple people
trunk|porch|CapableOf|move people
driveway|roadway|HasProperty|a location
synagogue|earth|IsA|home
food|table|CapableOf|cook things
wings|airplane|UsedFor|eating
people|monastery|UsedFor|praying
forest|restaurant|IsA|country
party|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
workplace|church|IsA|place you visit
death|person|PartOf|the human body
performing|lightning|IsA|colorful
cave|lamp|UsedFor|reading books
park|outside|HasA|city inside
apartment|store|PartOf|waste management system
apartment|restaurant|UsedFor|pooping
sky|floor|PartOf|building a house
pride|excitement|IsA|action
home|bathroom|HasA|door
house|desk|MadeOf|a natural material
carrots|grape|IsA|sweet or savory
sweat|nightmares|PartOf|human body
book|library|CapableOf|be alive
love|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
attic|nature|IsA|store items
seattle|street|HasProperty|related to water falling
meeting|garden|UsedFor|learning
bathroom|garden|IsA|object that can be held
desk|office|IsA|study room
building|hospital|CapableOf|have a street address
remembering|shock|IsA|negative thing
school|palace|PartOf|the human body
notebook|book|IsA|building
room|air|HasProperty|white
exercise|exercising|HasA|m at the beginning
backpack|office|UsedFor|reading
controversy|money|IsA|emotion
microwave|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
drawer|backpack|UsedFor|eating
newspaper|town|UsedFor|transportation
universe|humans|IsA|drink
manual|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be used virtually 
motel|city|HasProperty|a workplace
garbage|drawer|AtLocation|in home
roof|drugstore|IsA|place to sleep
erections|desires|HasProperty|negative in human sense
cup|kitchen|CapableOf|cook things
refrigerator|desktop|MadeOf|wood
shed|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
balloon|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
wisconsin|country|CapableOf|be walked on
computer|television|IsA|ground where child play
garage|jail|HasA|fee to visit
happiness|anger|IsA|feeling or emotion
earth|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
pantry|drawer|IsA|furniture 
forest|countryside|AtLocation|outside
library|jail|IsA|physical item 
silence|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
ceiling|table|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
movies|television|IsA|public building
theater|church|IsA|part of a human
jar|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
room|clouds|UsedFor|driving
church|conference|IsA|house where man live
desk|chair|UsedFor|sitting on
dentist|newspaper|IsA|room or building
food|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
heaven|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
apartment|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
montana|church|IsA|place you buy food
germany|dance|PartOf|building
table|dentist|IsA|room or building
depression|knowledge|IsA|negative thing
jar|change|IsA|place to be entertained
beach|box|CapableOf|fly
store|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
drawer|dentist|IsA|room or building
table|apartment|IsA|another word for show
corner|television|AtLocation|inside someone's home
skin|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
room|human|IsA|building
farm|train|UsedFor|over night stays 
bridge|house|MadeOf|organic material
street|florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
god|church|UsedFor|praying
opera|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
temple|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
movie|restaurant|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
cage|wilderness|IsA|country
suburb|city|IsA|business that serves food
bowl|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
convention|theater|IsA|house where man live
drawer|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
sweetness|anger|UsedFor|punish
dishwasher|drawer|IsA|something found in a household
kentucky|montana|IsA|american state
school|university|IsA|location
pride|butterflies|IsA|emotion
yard|outdoors|HasA|walls
sink|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
telephone|television|IsA|tv show
ground|product|IsA|place
pride|lightning|IsA|emotion
magazines|shop|UsedFor|cooling
dance|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
apartment|garage|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
apartment|school|HasProperty|a building structure
school|college|UsedFor|housing
toilet|water|PartOf|kitchen
newspaper|manual|HasProperty|a publication
human|factory|MadeOf|by man
nature|garage|PartOf|house
death|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
change|money|UsedFor|paying for items
pain|crying|HasProperty|linked to food
kitchen|hallway|HasProperty|able to be entered
backpack|trunk|HasA|doors
fish|continent|HasProperty|human made
bar|beer|IsA|type of business
party|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
earth|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
glass|bedroom|MadeOf|metal
trauma|money|IsA|positive thing
airplane|drugstore|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
box|stamps|IsA|furniture
park|jungle|IsA|place or location
bathtub|classroom|MadeOf|wood
restaurant|church|UsedFor|punishing people
discipline|exercise|HasA|m at the beginning
container|bag|UsedFor|storing physical things
ceiling|hairbrush|IsA|place to sleep
conference|tent|IsA|part of a human
trunk|container|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
performing|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
book|wall|HasA|use electricity
school|lamp|IsA|place to live
car|stupid|IsA|n emotion
warehouse|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
bed|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
student|apartment|UsedFor|reading and studying
bathroom|dance|CapableOf|be heard
garage|apartment|HasProperty|where someone can live
house|lamp|MadeOf|glass
forest|building|IsA|place to grow plants
table|shelf|IsA|furniture
roof|windowsill|HasA|head
city|countryside|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
enjoyment|fun|IsA|activity
desktop|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
battle|tension|IsA|positive card
airport|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
demonstration|library|HasProperty|able to be entered
oven|glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
newspaper|magazine|UsedFor|reading 
jail|balloon|UsedFor|driving
drawer|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
plate|stove|AtLocation|in a house
jar|pantry|AtLocation|in a house
box|funeral|IsA|place
temple|classroom|CapableOf|move location
dinner|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
bar|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
television|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
school|hotel|HasA|usually have people inside
excitement|happiness|UsedFor|hobbies
waterfall|bay|HasA|earth
countryside|australia|CapableOf|be read
casino|can|MadeOf|metal
garage|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
paint|dust|UsedFor|storage
pain|crying|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
floor|exchange|IsA|type of room
nest|sky|IsA|living thing
passageway|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
park|church|IsA|person
pool|glass|IsA|physical item 
cave|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
cellar|garage|IsA|room (type)
peanuts|front|UsedFor|containing objects
sailboat|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
house|trunk|UsedFor|to keep items
montana|synagogue|UsedFor|camping
drinking|fun|IsA|verb
playground|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
ocean|valley|HasProperty|human made
switzerland|austria|IsA|location
nostalgia|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
kitchen|pantry|HasProperty|used for meals
restaurant|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
love|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
china|neighborhood|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
shelf|oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
jar|store|CapableOf|keeping cash
manual|internet|UsedFor|reading
porch|newspaper|CapableOf|store
toilet|bathroom|UsedFor|car repair
movie|club|HasA|person stood at the front
ocean|light|UsedFor|serving food
battle|park|IsA|person
michigan|box|PartOf|house
church|homes|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
bowl|container|CapableOf|be eaten
forest|street|MadeOf|sand
porch|kitchen|CapableOf|move people
salad|potatoes|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
park|garden|MadeOf|glass
dishes|window|HasProperty|furniture
supermarket|opera|IsA|place or location
dishwasher|car|AtLocation|on the map
ground|product|CapableOf|be touched
cat|attic|PartOf|house
jail|airport|IsA|physical item 
beach|restaurant|IsA|nation
bedroom|library|IsA|n electronic device
bed|shop|CapableOf|store
park|supermarket|IsA|event
ocean|village|IsA|country or state
jar|sink|MadeOf|wood
bar|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
opera|synagogue|HasA|ticket box usually
rug|room|AtLocation|inside a person's home
table|house|MadeOf|glass
bubblegum|action|CapableOf|keeping cash
ground|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
bar|house|HasProperty|a room
pleasure|depression|IsA|emotion
embarrassment|remembering|PartOf|mental disorder
michigan|ocean|AtLocation|on a map
problems|pain|PartOf|mental disorder
trees|building|IsA|place to grow plants
butterflies|food|CapableOf|cause pain
cabinet|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
fox|alabama|HasA|start with a
closet|paperwork|AtLocation|with water
desert|street|IsA|animal
china|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
vaccines|erections|IsA|physical object
apartment|classroom|IsA|pencil
book|library|UsedFor|studying
paper|cabinet|HasA|walls
connection|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
alcohol|supermarket|PartOf|food and drink
room|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
glass|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
jar|liquid|HasA|connection to food
fear|injury|IsA|colorful
toilet|cabinet|IsA|place to make food
nightmares|problems|IsA|positive thing
closet|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
hallway|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
street|trees|IsA|stone
human|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
product|shelf|UsedFor|dinner
closet|bed|AtLocation|with water
bubblegum|pocket|IsA|thing you have on person
bar|bedroom|HasA|usually have people inside
clothes|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
church|wallet|UsedFor|living
cupboard|mouse|CapableOf|be used with a computer
doctor|newspaper|CapableOf|store
backyard|playground|CapableOf|be part of a house
happiness|performing|IsA|emotion
street|bathtub|HasA|first letter c
building|storage|CapableOf|be made with bricks
snow|mountains|MadeOf|metal
village|train|HasProperty|in a cold climate
country|continent|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
library|carpet|AtLocation|in your home
disneyland|table|UsedFor|storage
doctor|shop|CapableOf|store
couch|opera|UsedFor|work
theater|building|HasProperty|found in a house
outside|desktop|MadeOf|wood
supermarket|church|HasProperty|an event
store|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
salad|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
house|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
punishment|happiness|HasA|punish
box|stamps|UsedFor|eating
entertaining|happiness|IsA|activity
field|street|UsedFor|farmers 
sleeping|death|AtLocation|usually in a bed
suburbs|countryside|IsA|place
restaurant|stadium|HasA|pool
creek|bird|IsA|natural thing
store|roof|PartOf|physical structure
soup|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
pantry|table|HasProperty|used for meals
picture|asia|MadeOf|rocks
kitchen|space|AtLocation|public area
crying|depression|HasProperty|linked to food
backpack|soup|AtLocation|in a home
suburbs|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
garage|attic|CapableOf|be used for storage
books|desert|PartOf|political geographical area
books|manual|MadeOf|paper
nails|jar|IsA|piece of furniture
balloon|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
arguments|headache|MadeOf|nature
montana|god|IsA|mental place
head|information|HasA|screen
birds|thinking|IsA|colorful
desktop|bedroom|CapableOf|be found in a house
floor|trunk|HasProperty|removable
greenhouse|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
park|outdoors|IsA|nation
sleep|floor|IsA|store items
house|desert|IsA|state
desktop|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
field|meeting|UsedFor|studying
church|airport|CapableOf|have people  inside
table|pocket|CapableOf|be held with one hand
corner|office|AtLocation|inside someone's home
switzerland|ranch|IsA|animal
school|lake|IsA|place
apartment|arboretum|IsA|type of tree
trash|plate|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
canada|forest|AtLocation|outside
trauma|controversy|IsA|negative thing
battle|human|UsedFor|to get a degree
birds|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
warehouse|apartment|AtLocation|inside a person's home
jail|motel|HasA|usually have people inside
ocean|village|AtLocation|on a map
beach|garden|AtLocation|outside
reflection|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
library|house|UsedFor|washing
box|cage|CapableOf|fly
tent|town|IsA|commercial browser
village|computer|IsA|country or state
nebraska|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
bed|drawer|IsA|place
playground|mountain|HasProperty|a country
classroom|bedroom|HasA|usually have people inside
box|case|IsA|1 syllable word
bus|city|IsA|country or state
manual|television|AtLocation|in a store
supermarket|casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
library|museum|IsA|place
arkansas|alabama|IsA|us state
desk|dishwasher|IsA|form of entertainment
canada|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
drawer|bed|IsA|place
passageway|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
supermarket|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
electricity|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
encyclopedia|information|HasA|screen
information|books|HasA|letter e in it
aircraft|doctor|IsA|country
classroom|garage|IsA|room
hotel|house|HasA|bed for sleeping
library|corner|IsA|building
cabinet|shelf|IsA|necessity for education
soup|field|CapableOf|be sweet
garden|park|IsA|part of nature
classroom|university|UsedFor|reading and studying
human|band|IsA|nation symbol
celebrating|entertaining|IsA|verb
trees|wilderness|AtLocation|below
building|countryside|IsA|nature-related
remembering|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
cup|table|UsedFor|serving dinner
universe|countryside|IsA|animal or book
street|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
auditorium|jail|IsA|building
shelf|drawer|HasA|doors
contemplating|action|CapableOf|cause pain
newspaper|encyclopedia|HasA|screen
human|castle|PartOf|house 
library|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
desert|street|IsA|type of land
london|city|IsA|something you can own
junk|floor|HasProperty|a household item
briefcase|locker|CapableOf|be used for travel
magazines|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
anxiety|action|IsA|colorful
electricity|restaurant|UsedFor|work
glass|water|UsedFor|transportation
cupboard|container|CapableOf|be eaten
school|apartment|UsedFor|pooping
ground|greenhouse|HasA|head
classroom|museum|HasA|walls
bed|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
cupboard|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
trunk|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
cat|bed|HasProperty|an animal
backpack|soup|UsedFor|storage
bridge|house|HasA|pipe system attached
earth|tent|UsedFor|learning
hospital|ocean|UsedFor|reading books
bathroom|woods|HasA|usually have people inside
sun|moon|AtLocation|at a home
government|canada|IsA|place
nightmares|death|PartOf|human body
carpet|library|AtLocation|at a famous university
cellar|garage|AtLocation|within a building's structure
movie|wallet|IsA|something you eat off
battle|band|MadeOf|by man
ceiling|rug|HasProperty|flat
home|trouble|MadeOf|living parts
dishwasher|pot|IsA|place to make food
desires|sweat|AtLocation|usually in a bed
oven|cup|HasA|empty space in it
mexico|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
shoes|party|AtLocation|on the map
pond|fish|HasProperty|human made
bowl|food|HasProperty|related to eating
office|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
apartment|computer|UsedFor|packing things inside
california|forest|CapableOf|be read
cupboard|stamps|MadeOf|wood
desk|people|IsA|place of religion
moon|ocean|HasA|pipe system attached
building|bathroom|HasA|multiple rooms
outside|cat|IsA|part of a house
discomfort|car|IsA|emotion
restaurant|playground|IsA|place you visit often
dictionary|library|UsedFor|viewing/reading
wallet|cabinet|IsA|something you eat off
classroom|woods|HasA|usually have people inside
kitchen|books|HasProperty|furniture
communication|frustration|IsA|happy card
table|newspaper|IsA|physical item 
apartment|house|UsedFor|sleeping
boat|office|MadeOf|wood
restaurant|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
museum|kitchen|IsA|room
sky|hallway|IsA|car
building|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
kitchen|sun|CapableOf|move location
rug|cat|IsA|part of a house
hallway|kitchen|UsedFor|car repair
television|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
information|books|PartOf|publication
newspaper|thinking|HasA|screen
embarrassment|pain|IsA|sad emotion
universe|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
dictionary|marmoset|IsA|animal or book
street|water|AtLocation|at a home
conference|office|IsA|place where students learn
playground|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
bus|work|IsA|country or state
cupboard|home|HasA|door
america|australia|CapableOf|be read
corner|ground|AtLocation|in your home
countryside|universe|IsA|place or location to visit
restaurant|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
street|casino|IsA|place you can visit
airport|house|CapableOf|have a street address
newspaper|jail|UsedFor|cooling
desktop|work|HasA|use electricity
restaurant|refrigerator|CapableOf|be opened/closed
kitchen|roof|UsedFor|storage
dictionary|magazine|MadeOf|water
bowl|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
desert|city|HasProperty|a location
vase|books|CapableOf|be held with one hand
manual|internet|CapableOf|be held in your hand
ground|countryside|IsA|animal
factory|warehouse|MadeOf|water
party|park|HasProperty|a place you can work
plate|michigan|IsA|furniture
roof|cabinet|CapableOf|be found in a house
bread|car|IsA|product that people buy
soup|backpack|AtLocation|in a home
library|desktop|IsA|necessity for education
refrigerator|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
restaurant|drawer|UsedFor|storage
kitchen|dishes|CapableOf|be used for school
book|newspaper|MadeOf|paper
weather|seattle|IsA|popular attraction
jail|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
floor|nature|PartOf|house
house|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
playground|building|IsA|place you visit often
mail|funeral|UsedFor|storing physical things
kitchen|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
lamp|library|UsedFor|a holiday
office|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
airport|office|HasProperty|able to be entered
discovery|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
arboretum|ground|AtLocation|in the united states
television|toilet|HasProperty|a room
restaurant|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
head|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
jar|bridge|IsA|man made
snore|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
church|convention|IsA|place
electricity|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
michigan|building|CapableOf|work
wallet|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
conference|container|IsA|piece of furniture
fun|basement|IsA|place to pray
beach|garden|IsA|nation
clothing|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
house|palace|IsA|in a home
pantry|garage|UsedFor|storage
airport|birds|UsedFor|travel
church|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
oven|food|CapableOf|be found in a house
jar|office|IsA|school supply
boat|country|HasProperty|human made
conference|classroom|UsedFor|living inside of
sunbathers|glass|IsA|vacation destination
trunk|shower|HasA|door
bowl|mouse|IsA|building
loft|building|IsA|place to sleep
bicycle|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
notebook|library|UsedFor|reading
chair|bedroom|UsedFor|work
empathy|anxiety|IsA|emotion
countryside|trees|AtLocation|outside
doctor|human|PartOf|man body
market|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
wall|shelf|IsA|room
dentist|library|CapableOf|provide a service
ocean|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
knowledge|book|IsA|place for students
plants|house|HasProperty|found in a home
floor|cat|IsA|garden
answer|space|UsedFor|containing objects
bar|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
relaxation|headache|IsA|physical state
stadium|aircraft|UsedFor|pooping
bed|table|IsA|place or location
food|park|IsA|part of the body
park|hotel|IsA|event
house|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
woods|house|HasA|usually have people inside
town|people|HasProperty|an event
box|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
fish|city|HasA|water
town|conference|UsedFor|putting on a show
restaurant|families|IsA|part of the body
garden|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
trouble|rug|MadeOf|living parts
friends|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
countryside|woods|IsA|place
cellar|warehouse|AtLocation|within a building's structure
suburb|nebraska|IsA|business that serves food
meeting|information|AtLocation|in a store
table|concert|UsedFor|worship
kitchen|bathtub|HasProperty|found in a house
jar|conference|IsA|school supply
home|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
attic|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
apartment|library|CapableOf|float
sugar|container|IsA|room in a building
change|jar|HasA|function
confusion|music|IsA|action
ceiling|love|HasA|use electricity
newspaper|doctor|IsA|room or building
church|attic|IsA|place
floor|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
embarrassment|problems|IsA|positive thing
doctor|corner|IsA|type /part of building
demonstration|barn|IsA|sound
basement|attic|CapableOf|be used for storage
library|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
city|street|MadeOf|sand
kitchen|restaurant|IsA|furniture
key|street|UsedFor|living
moon|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
apartment|bowl|IsA|food
garage|snore|HasProperty|an animal
bowl|backpack|IsA|location
antarctica|table|IsA|place to store items
lamp|television|UsedFor|worship
hotel|families|IsA|part of the body
house|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
neighborhood|suburb|HasProperty|a location
field|knowledge|HasA|screen
cupboard|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
kitchen|museum|IsA|room
outside|pond|IsA|living/once living
tree|yard|IsA|animal
heaven|people|UsedFor|praying
cave|love|IsA|business
love|company|AtLocation|library
groceries|can|IsA|type of business
waterfall|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
suburbs|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
field|australia|MadeOf|paper
supermarket|cupboard|HasA|roof
party|computer|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
school|jail|HasA|fee to visit
restaurant|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
hotel|church|IsA|building
theater|church|IsA|place you buy food
hospital|television|IsA|study room
problems|nightmares|IsA|negative thing
greenhouse|apartment|IsA|furniture
arguments|cleanliness|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
earth|opera|IsA|place
park|ocean|PartOf|house
desktop|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
argument|anger|IsA|positive card
air|lamp|IsA|car
beaver|ontario|IsA|american state
hospital|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
suburb|suburbs|IsA|place where you can live
kitchen|museum|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
apartment|town|UsedFor|learning
heaven|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
desktop|desk|UsedFor|viewing/reading
casino|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
cabinet|table|IsA|something found in a household
garden|building|IsA|country
demonstration|classroom|IsA|pencil
forest|building|AtLocation|outside
fox|louisiana|HasA|even number of letter
town|house|HasProperty|a location
attic|cat|HasProperty|an animal
wilderness|stream|IsA|natural thing
nature|chair|PartOf|house
school|detroit|CapableOf|fly
change|purse|HasA|function
student|demonstration|IsA|location
university|movie|IsA|place people can meet
carnival|town|IsA|place or location
money|theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
home|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
theater|auditorium|CapableOf|have people physically in it
outside|rug|AtLocation|on the map
container|shed|IsA|room in a home
forest|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere to go
cup|plate|IsA|type of food
lights|peanuts|UsedFor|travel
toilet|stadium|IsA|place of learning
drawer|clothing|UsedFor|reading
mexico|forest|IsA|country
container|box|IsA|structure or building
passageway|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
desk|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
internet|radio|UsedFor|news
bar|garage|IsA|room
oven|sink|HasProperty|edible
park|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
park|store|CapableOf|be alive
bed|doctor|CapableOf|store
apartment|field|IsA|sweet or savory
office|computer|IsA|building
library|shop|IsA|physical item 
castle|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
earth|skin|IsA|part of a human
hallway|rain|IsA|car
field|punishment|HasA|punish
roof|countryside|CapableOf|fly
church|body|IsA|place
vaccines|sweat|IsA|feeling
canada|playground|IsA|nature-related
house|garage|IsA|building
australia|prison|IsA|place
inside|carpet|IsA|place or location
minnesota|farmyard|IsA|object
school|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
school|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
museum|backpack|UsedFor|reading
discovery|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
country|sun|IsA|concept or place
floor|drawer|IsA|furniture 
office|chair|IsA|religious card
school|palace|HasProperty|a type of building
clouds|air|CapableOf|be entered
refrigerator|garden|HasProperty|sold in stores
inspiration|instruction|HasProperty|typically positive
party|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
demonstration|apartment|HasProperty|able to be entered
street|corner|MadeOf|organic brown matter
earth|montana|HasProperty|an event
birds|airport|CapableOf|fly
pot|cabinet|AtLocation|inside a house
human|closet|IsA|building
minnesota|suburb|IsA|business that serves food
boat|building|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
basement|den|CapableOf|be moved around
university|library|HasProperty|a meal
bedroom|chair|UsedFor|work
school|computer|UsedFor|housing
opera|church|UsedFor|buying food
house|container|HasProperty|found below ground level
highway|road|UsedFor|driving on or over
desk|desktop|IsA|necessity for education
california|ground|IsA|place where people live
churchyard|work|IsA|country or state
fear|cut|IsA|colorful
garage|house|IsA|room (type)
medium|chicken|IsA|physical item 
forest|city|CapableOf|be read
exhaustion|boredom|CapableOf|be physically touched
swimming|sky|IsA|animal
home|university|IsA|object that can be held
park|greenhouse|HasProperty|found in a home
ocean|river|IsA|somewhere animals swim
imagination|chair|IsA|mental place
outdoors|town|HasA|walls
workplace|store|UsedFor|education
medium|chicken|CapableOf|be used as transport 
cat|nature|MadeOf|living parts
conference|classroom|UsedFor|putting on a show
forest|park|IsA|living/once living
communication|laughter|IsA|sad emotion
closet|cellar|IsA|structure or building
city|president|HasA|movie
backpack|shoe|HasProperty|something you can carry
greenhouse|ground|CapableOf|laugh
church|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
beach|light|AtLocation|as part of a house
bathroom|kitchen|HasA|usually have people inside
bay|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
synagogue|circus|HasA|ticket box usually
hospital|motel|IsA|study room
cellar|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleep
earth|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
shelf|cupboard|AtLocation|in a kitchen
exercise|effort|HasA|m at the beginning
field|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
chicken|water|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
tennessee|louisiana|IsA|us state
prison|suburbs|IsA|man-made thing
imagination|office|IsA|n item of furniture
table|cabinet|CapableOf|be found in a house
trash|mail|IsA|structure or building
home|jail|CapableOf|store
russia|australia|IsA|place where money is kept
garage|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
garage|classroom|IsA|room in a property
drawer|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
container|teacher|IsA|place where students learn
dinner|newspaper|PartOf|the human body
cellar|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
bicycle|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
house|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
airport|freeway|IsA|business
drinking|love|IsA|physical emotion
lamp|telephone|IsA|study room
mind|germany|CapableOf|be heard
lamp|hospital|UsedFor|reading books
garden|kitchen|IsA|location
case|wallet|IsA|form of entertainment
balloon|room|IsA|product that people buy
desktop|corner|IsA|place to store items
countryside|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
mansion|theater|HasProperty|alive
cellar|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
store|cupboard|MadeOf|food
church|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
stamps|desk|IsA|dish
inspiration|pleasure|MadeOf|wood
inside|notebook|UsedFor|happiness
supermarket|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
television|toilet|UsedFor|storing things inside
forest|rain|PartOf|city
person|building|IsA|sound
army|trouble|CapableOf|make you do something
table|drawer|AtLocation|home
playground|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
classroom|conference|HasProperty|sold in stores
food|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
auditorium|funeral|CapableOf|have people physically in it
library|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
building|yard|IsA|place you visit often
school|bathroom|CapableOf|be heard
restaurant|market|IsA|sweet or savory
house|corner|IsA|ground where child play
garden|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
bathroom|basement|CapableOf|be moved around
home|kitchen|HasProperty|a public place
food|jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
refrigerator|dishwasher|CapableOf|be used with a computer
ground|store|IsA|animal
desert|street|HasProperty|hot
california|garage|IsA|looks like house
disneyland|air|IsA|shoe
michigan|state|AtLocation|inside a house
market|store|IsA|type of shop
wedding|families|IsA|part of the body
competing|injuries|HasProperty|about  clashes
grass|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
house|college|UsedFor|studying in
closet|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
california|forest|IsA|place
dust|clothes|IsA|made of wood
chair|floor|AtLocation|above the ground
plate|condiments|HasProperty|used for meals
action|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
knowing|remembering|IsA|emotion
sweat|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
roof|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
sleep|attic|IsA|place
knowing|pleasure|IsA|emotion
human|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
park|house|AtLocation|outside
nightmares|pain|IsA|emotion
nebraska|minnesota|IsA|business that serves food
street|rain|IsA|popular attraction
store|nails|IsA|place where students learn
closet|house|MadeOf|food
street|town|IsA|state
jar|pot|HasA|connection to food
oven|desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
toilet|bridge|IsA|man made
cellar|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
room|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
cage|heaven|IsA|animal
hotel|office|IsA|list of alphabets
cellar|sugar|IsA|room in a building
asia|himalayas|IsA|location
airport|concert|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
river|garage|UsedFor|transportation
cabinet|den|HasA|door
office|classroom|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
food|lightning|IsA|animal
pocket|nails|IsA|school supply
garage|bathroom|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
nature|ground|UsedFor|work
state|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
table|food|AtLocation|in  a residence
motel|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
pocket|store|IsA|school supply
furniture|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
floor|roof|IsA|building
countryside|house|IsA|place where you can live
nightmares|trauma|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
michigan|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
library|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
food|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
backpack|nails|AtLocation|in a home
valley|suburb|IsA|building
sky|ground|IsA|animal
shelf|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
store|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
synagogue|locker|HasA|walls
doctor|church|IsA|country
water|sky|AtLocation|at a home
house|corner|IsA|study room
conference|town|IsA|planet
plate|condiments|IsA|location or room
safe|automobile|CapableOf|store a car
backyard|outdoors|CapableOf|be part of a house
tears|celebrating|IsA|verb
drawer|floor|HasProperty|an animal
trunk|shelf|HasProperty|an object
sky|water|HasProperty|white
fly|ocean|UsedFor|eating or drinking
can|shelf|UsedFor|storing things in
lightning|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
suffering|field|HasA|punish
closet|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
boxes|sewer|IsA|room (type)
building|backyard|IsA|nation
school|heaven|PartOf|house 
remembering|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
knowledge|nightmares|IsA|negative thing
forest|city|IsA|proper noun
restaurant|store|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
utensils|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
encyclopedia|safe|IsA|part media
desk|ceiling|PartOf|building a house
town|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
funeral|mail|IsA|room in a home
house|notebook|UsedFor|happiness
snore|trouble|IsA|animal
laughter|empathy|IsA|emotion
street|seattle|IsA|type of land
dishwasher|apartment|IsA|furniture 
clothing|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
school|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
pennsylvania|picture|MadeOf|plastic
michigan|mountain|IsA|living thing
exercising|effort|HasProperty|usually fast
ceiling|table|CapableOf|show you time
rug|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
party|school|UsedFor|sleeping
apartment|bar|IsA|room
microwave|wallet|IsA|form of entertainment
store|building|IsA|place to live
buildings|classroom|UsedFor|putting on a show
stress|satisfaction|IsA|negative emotion
floor|house|HasProperty|an object
electricity|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
drawer|floor|UsedFor|cooling
attic|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleep
hole|lemur|IsA|place
computer|office|IsA|study room
basement|bedroom|IsA|room in a building
airport|home|CapableOf|have people  inside
pocket|theater|UsedFor|living
concert|battle|CapableOf|promote health
pond|countryside|IsA|nation
factory|band|MadeOf|by man
death|sweat|HasProperty|about  clashes
closet|clouds|IsA|place for clothes
hole|russia|MadeOf|paper
car|town|HasProperty|alive
death|nightmares|IsA|feeling
place|persia|PartOf|house
carnival|school|CapableOf|be heard
opera|confusion|IsA|action
disneyland|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
desert|wilderness|IsA|animal
school|box|IsA|part of the body
carpet|desk|IsA|type of room
knowing|instruction|IsA|emotion
kitchen|corner|IsA|room
control|trouble|HasA|movie
hole|australia|IsA|animal
workplace|jail|IsA|country
commercial|cage|MadeOf|water
nature|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
australia|russia|IsA|animal
manual|pocket|CapableOf|be used virtually 
supermarket|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
canada|austria|IsA|location
coats|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
basement|house|IsA|car
water|sink|MadeOf|organic material
book|newspaper|AtLocation|library
closet|floor|IsA|made of wood
suburb|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
sea|sunbathers|HasProperty|hot
corner|table|AtLocation|indoors
outdoors|beach|IsA|place people work and live
cupboard|closet|HasA|doors
restaurant|museum|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
carpet|attic|HasProperty|found inside a house
town|opera|IsA|part of a human
work|desktop|MadeOf|paper
restaurant|apartment|IsA|room
case|trash|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
weather|disneyland|IsA|type of place
bedroom|kitchen|HasProperty|able to be entered
dust|ground|CapableOf|make sounds
disneyland|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
store|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
stomach|inside|AtLocation|in a house
garbage|junk|HasProperty|an animal
potatoes|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
apartment|computer|IsA|room
apartment|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
battle|mexico|PartOf|man body
dishes|books|IsA|object
enjoyment|laughter|IsA|activity
jar|money|IsA|place you can visit
office|library|UsedFor|a holiday
town|garden|HasA|walls
office|airport|IsA|object that can be held
mansion|cinema|HasProperty|alive
telephone|bar|IsA|list of alphabets
notebook|meeting|CapableOf|move
magazine|magazines|UsedFor|reading 
action|understanding|UsedFor|seeking an answer
thinking|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
forest|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
sky|lake|IsA|natural thing
forest|bird|IsA|natural thing
trauma|depression|IsA|negative thing
mexico|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
clothing|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
cabinet|attic|UsedFor|mainly sleep
office|corner|HasProperty|able to be entered
purse|key|IsA|place you can visit
neighborhood|countryside|IsA|state
revelations|action|UsedFor|driving
fingernails|closet|HasA|wheels
dance|germany|PartOf|building
table|stamps|MadeOf|wood
trees|rock|IsA|natural or man made
table|dishwasher|UsedFor|indoor activities
home|bedroom|IsA|object that can be held
himalayas|picture|MadeOf|rocks
water|jar|CapableOf|store small items
forest|garden|IsA|nature-related
trees|park|UsedFor|swimming
cupboard|refrigerator|AtLocation|indoors
closet|store|HasProperty|an object
clouds|air|PartOf|food and drink
floor|home|MadeOf|living parts
briefcase|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
bedroom|classroom|CapableOf|move location
jar|bottle|HasA|door
floor|clothing|IsA|room or building
internet|cinema|HasProperty|a gathering place
condiments|refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
montana|driveway|HasProperty|a location
cellar|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
radio|corner|IsA|place for clothes
desk|film|IsA|form of entertainment
case|trash|UsedFor|eating
sleeping|desires|HasProperty|negative in human sense
student|library|IsA|building
kitchen|table|AtLocation|in a home
animals|hospital|PartOf|the human body
airport|library|UsedFor|cooling
forest|outside|HasProperty|part of your  house
meeting|thinking|IsA|part media
excavation|egypt|UsedFor|digging 
yard|garden|IsA|country
pond|playground|IsA|place you visit often
sewer|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
snore|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
friends|table|IsA|type /part of building
garden|ground|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
montana|skin|IsA|place
garage|floor|PartOf|house
windowsill|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
company|airport|HasA|airplanes
desktop|corner|IsA|study room
fatigue|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
supermarket|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
passageway|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
restaurant|bar|IsA|room
briefcase|classroom|IsA|school supply
pantry|condiments|HasA|empty space in it
reflection|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
store|warehouse|CapableOf|part  of a household
apartment|classroom|IsA|room in a property
park|theater|UsedFor|music
bar|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
pride|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
sky|house|HasProperty|white
supermarket|candy|IsA|part of the body
china|town|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
sunbathers|desktop|IsA|person
beer|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
computer|microwave|CapableOf|plug into the wall
mountains|ground|IsA|living/once living
desk|office|IsA|type of room
computer|office|PartOf|admin role
bicycle|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
street|attic|IsA|place to pray
roof|cage|IsA|place where you can stand
london|hotel|HasProperty|a workplace
warehouse|attic|IsA|structure or building
supermarket|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
outside|house|IsA|room
house|apartment|UsedFor|housing
kitchen|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
pain|nightmares|IsA|negative thing
table|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
street|fun|AtLocation|within a building's structure
classroom|kitchen|HasA|usually have people inside
dishes|backpack|IsA|furniture 
death|desires|HasProperty|negative in human sense
mexico|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
plate|case|CapableOf|be held in your hands
toilet|desktop|AtLocation|home
store|room|IsA|part of a house
birds|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
cut|injury|IsA|physical damage to the body
soup|chicken|UsedFor|eating or drinking
butterflies|injury|IsA|emotion
death|nightmares|AtLocation|usually in a bed
sweat|injuries|IsA|positive card
computer|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
encyclopedia|book|IsA|part media
ground|roof|IsA|building
attic|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
air|candle|IsA|car
carpet|attic|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
farm|motel|IsA|something you can own
store|library|CapableOf|be alive
suffering|agreement|IsA|sad emotion
fox|burrow|IsA|place
silverware|stomach|HasA|edible items for sale
louisiana|alabama|IsA|state in uk
agreement|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
cabinet|refrigerator|PartOf|kitchen
synagogue|wood|IsA|place or location
bottle|shower|HasA|door
germany|person|IsA|action
carnival|opera|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
mouth|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
roof|nest|HasProperty|man-made
church|apartment|HasA|fee to visit
shock|depression|IsA|negative thing
box|utensils|UsedFor|storage
kitchen|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
inspiration|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
dance|carnival|CapableOf|be performed
doctor|library|IsA|physical item 
sewer|outside|IsA|room in a building
knowledge|library|HasProperty|related to studying
sun|house|CapableOf|move location
program|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
door|table|HasProperty|found in a house
pride|satisfaction|IsA|action
stamps|box|IsA|furniture
nostalgia|embarrassment|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
apartment|party|HasProperty|a place where people sing
depression|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
skyscraper|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
market|container|IsA|type of food
sink|bridge|MadeOf|organic material
instruction|remembering|IsA|emotion
ground|california|UsedFor|storing food
ceiling|moon|IsA|car
morgue|hospital|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
drugstore|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
god|heaven|IsA|mental place
arizona|colorado|IsA|state
cupboard|glass|HasProperty|edible
office|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
jail|house|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
opera|theater|UsedFor|buying food
pocket|change|UsedFor|living
shelf|desktop|UsedFor|storage
windowsill|roof|PartOf|physical structure
death|person|HasA|exterior walls
shelf|bar|IsA|type of business
jar|container|UsedFor|keeping things cool
library|park|IsA|building
bubblegum|pocket|CapableOf|hold objects
antarctica|tennessee|UsedFor| housing animals
bowl|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
house|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
bowl|backpack|CapableOf|be eaten
weather|rain|IsA|popular attraction
building|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
floor|sleep|PartOf|house
newspaper|magazine|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
snow|forest|IsA|brand
bridge|ocean|MadeOf|organic material
office|teacher|IsA|place where students learn
injury|cut|CapableOf|fly
drawer|cupboard|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
city|auditorium|IsA| event
texas|colorado|IsA|state
sleep|depression|IsA|negative feeling
water|sink|CapableOf|store small items
ground|attic|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
sleep|garbage|IsA|place
film|apartment|UsedFor|storage
entertaining|dancing|IsA|verb
pond|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
convention|tent|IsA|house where man live
laugh|person|HasProperty|a type of property
city|suburb|IsA|part of a municipality
city|barnyard|IsA|animal
park|jar|IsA|part of the body
cupboard|toilet|AtLocation|inside a house
closet|trunk|IsA|type of business
can|closet|IsA|type of business
cleanliness|boredom|MadeOf|golden
drawer|table|HasA|doors
store|street|UsedFor|living
michigan|sky|CapableOf|fly
apartment|auditorium|HasA|usually have people inside
floor|table|IsA|physical item 
temple|airplane|AtLocation|in your room
florida|church|IsA|thing you have on person
junk|sleep|IsA|store items
box|trash|IsA|structure or building
wedding|tent|IsA|planet
room|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
restaurant|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
room|shed|IsA|place to pray
pond|waterfall|HasA|water
restaurant|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
garage|palace|HasA|exterior walls
anxiety|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
work|hallway|AtLocation|on a map
house|floor|HasProperty|an object
casino|container|MadeOf|metal
container|pot|HasA|connection to food
school|church|UsedFor|punishing people
good|mind|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
toilet|library|IsA|place of learning
mess|office|AtLocation|with water
house|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
contemplating|action|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
anxiety|lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
love|favors|IsA|activity
box|michigan|CapableOf|fly
convention|opera|IsA|planet
sink|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
dirt|country|PartOf|the continent 
rain|weather|IsA|type of land
freeway|forest|IsA|proper noun
roof|ground|IsA|natural or man made
valley|suburb|IsA|business that serves food
desktop|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
garage|cabinet|HasA|doors
canada|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
ranch|cow|IsA|animal
hunger|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
pond|waterfall|HasA|earth
jail|room|PartOf|food and drink
town|mansion|UsedFor|living inside of
mexico|texas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
injuries|anger|IsA|positive card
beach|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
house|outside|HasProperty|found below ground level
store|meeting|UsedFor|reading
snore|nature|PartOf|house
florida|utah|IsA|us state
hospital|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
house|hospital|IsA|business
house|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
satisfaction|working|HasA|ltr p
container|kitchen|AtLocation|public area
hunger|crying|IsA|emotion
boat|office|UsedFor|reading
sorrow|nostalgia|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
pantry|glass|HasProperty|furniture
trouble|cat|HasProperty|an animal
france|wilderness|MadeOf|metal
mouse|outside|IsA|room in a building
castle|home|HasProperty|plural
suicide|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
continent|valley|CapableOf|be walked on
wall|office|MadeOf|wood
confusion|war|PartOf|building
junk|nature|PartOf|house
dust|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
corner|street|HasA|feet to stand 
information|library|HasProperty|related to studying
water|street|HasProperty|white
couch|lamp|UsedFor|work
ground|greenhouse|UsedFor|children to play
entertaining|empathy|IsA|something considered as positive
car|manual|IsA|product that people buy
plants|frisbee|PartOf|house
library|shop|IsA|building
state|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
field|head|IsA|place for students
park|tree|IsA|part of nature
office|corner|IsA|building
restaurant|apartment|HasProperty|found in the garden
creek|sky|IsA|1 syllable word
carpet|inside|IsA|place or location
europe|throne|UsedFor|learning
field|cellar|IsA|food
food|lightning|HasA|physical appearance
hotel|motel|IsA|something you can own
sink|glass|HasA|edible items for sale
backpack|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
outdoors|garden|IsA|place people work and live
store|jar|IsA|place to be entertained
table|classroom|UsedFor|student
house|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
internet|information|AtLocation|in a store
loft|shed|IsA|structure or building
tent|synagogue|IsA|place
apartment|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
lumberyard|floor|IsA|place or location
encyclopedia|class|IsA|part media
shelf|desktop|AtLocation|inside an office
tears|fun|IsA|physical emotion
jar|store|UsedFor|writing
basement|elevator|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
bedroom|sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
florida|wilderness|IsA|place
television|radio|IsA|place in a house
lamp|nature|HasProperty|white
kitchen|bathroom|IsA|room
refrigerator|field|IsA|sweet or savory
outside|woods|HasProperty|part of your  house
trees|park|CapableOf|be part of a house
garden|europe|UsedFor|learning
garage|toilet|AtLocation|home
glass|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
countryside|tree|HasProperty|man made
drink|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
bar|can|IsA|place for entertainment
sun|lamp|IsA|car
outside|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
sweat|nightmares|HasProperty|negative in human sense
newspaper|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
internet|information|UsedFor|reading
auditorium|hotel|IsA|building
barn|building|UsedFor|worship
subdivision|city|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
stream|bird|MadeOf|trees
purse|bubblegum|CapableOf|be held in your hands
erections|nightmares|HasProperty|negative in human sense
action|relaxation|IsA|physical state
refrigerator|cup|HasA|empty space in it
ocean|africa|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
field|cellar|CapableOf| be moved
party|jail|UsedFor|driving
bar|church|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
plane|road|UsedFor|flying
trauma|crying|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
exchange|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
yard|street|IsA|state
movies|university|IsA|place you can visit
house|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
lumberyard|basement|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
refrigerator|ground|HasProperty|where someone can live
cabinet|den|HasA|roof
class|confusion|PartOf|building
contemplating|lightning|CapableOf|fly
supermarket|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
television|newspaper|IsA|place for students
carnival|confusion|IsA|action
woods|valley|IsA|natural thing
trauma|crying|IsA|negative thing
street|town|IsA|business that serves food
ground|forest|IsA|part of nature
stable|barnyard|IsA|animal
container|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
jar|box|IsA|part of the body
passageway|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
drinking|favors|IsA|verb
butterflies|food|IsA|negative emotion
bed|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
park|mexico|HasProperty|outdoors
store|rug|UsedFor|decoration
monastery|church|IsA|religious card
hole|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
neighborhood|china|HasA|buildings in it
kitchen|store|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
america|texas|AtLocation|labeled on a map
fear|performing|IsA|emotion
student|classroom|IsA|building
valley|street|IsA|business that serves food
china|neighborhood|IsA|residential area
floor|chair|IsA|place or location
security|office|IsA|object that can be held
countryside|forest|CapableOf|fly
snore|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
teapot|home|UsedFor|storing food
shelf|closet|HasProperty|removable
trees|building|IsA|place people work and live
car|fire|HasProperty|capable of burning you
case|stamps|IsA|place
bowl|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
action|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
museum|restaurant|IsA|room
desktop|garage|UsedFor|storage
school|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
television|park|IsA|part of the body
mountains|alabama|IsA|state in uk
cup|refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
movie|desk|IsA|something found in a household
change|bubblegum|CapableOf|hold objects
birds|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
refrigerator|cup|IsA|location or room
market|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
container|bar|IsA|type of room in houses
mountains|marmoset|MadeOf|metal
closet|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
locker|paper|CapableOf|be worn
bedroom|backyard|IsA|animal
synagogue|circus|UsedFor|praying
furniture|warehouse|IsA|private space
store|internet|CapableOf|be alive
park|desktop|HasProperty|hot
waterfall|pond|HasA|earth
motel|church|HasA|usually have people inside
church|room|HasA|usually have people inside
boat|chair|IsA|place or location
basement|car|IsA|place to pray
attic|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
tennessee|arkansas|IsA|us state
city|seaside|IsA|place
confession|carnival|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
library|newspaper|IsA|place for students
park|california|UsedFor|work
office|university|CapableOf|have people  inside
universe|cage|CapableOf|be read
birds|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
rug|room|IsA|part of a house
library|class|IsA|place for students
table|closet|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
newspaper|street|IsA|place where you can live
cinema|conference|HasProperty|a gathering place
wilderness|countryside|HasProperty|untouched by civilisation
friends|corner|IsA|type /part of building
clothes|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
yard|forest|IsA|animal
field|heaven|IsA|place where money is kept
plate|dinner|IsA|place
tent|apartment|IsA|event
barnyard|stable|UsedFor|food
dishes|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
puddle|street|UsedFor|eating or drinking
jar|food|IsA|public building
house|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
house|trunk|IsA|made of wood
table|silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
refrigerator|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
school|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
drugstore|roof|AtLocation|in your room
barn|machine|UsedFor|fun
vase|flower|IsA|place
floor|drawer|IsA|physical item 
room|ceiling|IsA|car
funeral|boxes|IsA|room in a home
outside|museum|IsA|place to store items
table|cup|AtLocation|on the map
shelf|house|MadeOf|a natural material
cellar|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
furniture|junk|PartOf|house
cabinet|bowl|AtLocation|inside a house
sugar|container|IsA|room
forest|house|AtLocation|in the home or  office
house|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
forest|prison|IsA|place
window|apartment|IsA|object
churchyard|computer|IsA|country or state
microwave|bedroom|IsA|animal
subdivision|city|IsA|state
sweetness|punch|HasA|punish
manual|air|UsedFor|driving
store|roof|IsA|living thing
ocean|aquarium|HasA|water
apartment|computer|UsedFor|student
automobile|chair|HasProperty|easily movable
book|cabinet|HasA|walls
field|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
death|sleeping|PartOf|human body
table|bedroom|MadeOf|metal
town|forest|AtLocation|outside
backpack|pocket|IsA|place of learning
manual|books|HasProperty|a publication
backyard|playground|IsA|nature-related
closet|shed|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
office|lamp|UsedFor|a holiday
plate|table|HasA|store edible items
bar|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
garbage|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
dishwasher|floor|IsA|furniture 
drawer|magazines|IsA|physical item 
germany|person|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
closet|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
case|disneyland|IsA|dish
university|encyclopedia|IsA|place for students
roof|carpet|IsA|a animal
heaven|detroit|CapableOf|fly
snow|street|IsA|vacation destination
leaves|field|PartOf|nature
cheese|onions|IsA|type of food
wall|ceiling|IsA|item of furniture
attic|warehouse|UsedFor|generating products or plants
table|rug|UsedFor|indoor activities
porch|jail|UsedFor|cooling
porch|mouse|IsA|building
locker|classroom|HasA|walls
trees|town|IsA|nation
box|closet|UsedFor|storing physical things
beaver|excavation|IsA|location
fox|picture|PartOf|natural scenario
closet|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
workplace|human|UsedFor|education
europe|church|UsedFor|learning
garage|corner|IsA|place to store items
chair|light|HasProperty|found in the house
airport|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
toronto|floor|HasProperty|a household item
forest|playground|IsA|country
house|garden|CapableOf|laugh
container|plate|UsedFor|keeping things cool
forest|outdoors|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
backyard|garden|IsA|country
drawer|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
basement|garage|UsedFor|storing things
container|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
ground|field|MadeOf|wood
drawer|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
shelf|bank|UsedFor|holding things
apartment|school|UsedFor|packing things inside
refrigerator|bathroom|CapableOf|be opened/closed
window|glass|HasProperty|furniture
store|clothing|IsA|made of wood
building|people|HasA|ticket box usually
heaven|field|AtLocation|in home
magazines|dentist|IsA|room or building
bay|pond|IsA|somewhere animals swim
swimming|park|IsA|animal
countryside|train|HasProperty|in a cold climate
clouds|closet|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
store|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
closet|warehouse|CapableOf|be used for storage
snore|trouble|PartOf|house
toilet|table|AtLocation|home
building|garage|AtLocation|in united states
dinner|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
sleep|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
rug|room|IsA|informal term for youth
balloon|house|PartOf|food and drink
tears|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
conference|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
outside|kitchen|IsA|room
homes|workplace|HasProperty|visited by tourists
town|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
sky|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
trees|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
waterfall|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
dinner|clothing|IsA|1 syllable word
store|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
body|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
building|office|CapableOf|have a street address
bridge|sink|IsA|man made
basement|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
supermarket|food|IsA|part of the body
car|room|HasProperty|associated with drinking
garden|trees|IsA|country
crying|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
ocean|continent|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
container|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
car|box|IsA|place to pray
sleeping|death|HasProperty|negative in human sense
desktop|desk|IsA|necessity for education
refrigerator|cabinet|IsA|place to make food
floor|chair|IsA|store items
briefcase|teacher|IsA|school supply
park|building|UsedFor|swimming
roof|shelf|IsA|place to store items
wallet|case|IsA|piece of furniture
pot|beer|IsA|type of business
car|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
countryside|california|IsA|place
buildings|apartment|IsA|location
plants|garden|PartOf|glass
supermarket|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
briefcase|desktop|UsedFor|storage
house|apartment|HasProperty|a room
kitchen|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
furniture|stairs|CapableOf|sleep on it
monastery|god|IsA|mental place
food|container|IsA|  place
ground|field|AtLocation|outside
pocket|backpack|CapableOf|be worn
building|warehouse|UsedFor|storing stuffs
mind|war|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
outside|frisbee|PartOf|house
closet|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
encyclopedia|magazine|IsA|place
park|store|CapableOf|have people physically in it
airport|classroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
house|classroom|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
desktop|map|HasA|walls
forest|air|IsA|part of nature
hospital|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
town|road|HasProperty|made by humans
train|painting|IsA|place you can live
bar|container|IsA|place for entertainment
garden|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
house|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
harbor|puddle|IsA|physical item 
market|bar|IsA|piece of furniture
ground|air|UsedFor|work
garage|apartment|IsA|room in a property
apartment|computer|IsA|pencil
atlas|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
sink|apartment|IsA|furniture 
school|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
table|roof|IsA|place to store items
cupboard|bowl|IsA|building
speaker|desk|IsA|inanimate object
television|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
california|home|HasProperty|where someone can live
shelf|table|UsedFor|keeping things inside
bank|cage|MadeOf|paper
woods|cage|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
dishes|window|CapableOf|be used for school
library|books|PartOf|publication
table|classroom|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
case|restaurant|IsA|dish
pond|aquarium|IsA|man made
butterflies|food|HasA|physical appearance
nature|sun|IsA|car
freeway|india|CapableOf|be read
nature|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
wisconsin|valley|CapableOf|be walked on
disneyland|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
trouble|sleep|PartOf|house
space|universe|HasProperty|related to planets
bridge|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
map|briefcase|IsA|place of learning
dishwasher|mouse|IsA|furniture
communication|love|IsA|physical emotion
classroom|apartment|MadeOf|wood
bowl|soup|UsedFor|storage
suffering|love|IsA|emotion
school|meeting|CapableOf|move
forest|india|CapableOf|be read
glass|garage|UsedFor|transportation
movies|food|IsA|event
doorway|bed|AtLocation|mostly inside
cupboard|cabinet|CapableOf|be moved around
telephone|desk|IsA|study room
ocean|bus|IsA|country or state
happiness|smiles|IsA|verb
bathroom|store|PartOf|physical structure
apartment|wedding|IsA|place
carnival|concert|UsedFor|travel
ocean|moon|HasProperty|a building
sorrow|embarrassment|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
garbage|cat|HasProperty|a household item
backpack|dust|UsedFor|to keep items
america|forest|IsA|place
stomach|container|HasProperty|used for meals
church|theater|IsA|place you can visit
knowing|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
meeting|class|IsA|physical tangible object
action|store|UsedFor|living
attic|beach|UsedFor|serving food
car|drawer|HasA|doors
sink|silverware|HasProperty|made of wood
bridge|toilet|PartOf|the galaxy
dinner|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
marmoset|trees|HasProperty|cold
office|backpack|IsA|place of learning
refrigerator|mouse|IsA|place to make food
home|corner|HasProperty|able to be entered
floor|basement|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
desktop|program|MadeOf|wood
canada|playground|AtLocation|outside
ball|beach|HasA|first letter b
wall|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
stable|city|UsedFor|food
field|rock|IsA|natural product or man made
disneyland|supermarket|IsA|place or location
trash|container|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
church|room|IsA|place
yard|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
table|classroom|UsedFor|learning
synagogue|opera|IsA|commercial browser
india|freeway|IsA|place
food|fear|CapableOf|fly
maine|cooking|MadeOf|fiber
coffee|trash|MadeOf|wood
mind|person|PartOf|building
home|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
jail|floor|CapableOf|store
america|india|IsA|proper noun
television|manual|AtLocation|in a store
box|rug|AtLocation|on the map
opera|conference|IsA|location
tent|church|IsA|place you buy food
library|television|IsA|thing you can touch
seattle|forest|MadeOf|sand
party|rug|AtLocation|on the map
porch|clothing|CapableOf|store
library|chair|IsA|necessity for education
nightmares|death|IsA|feeling
performing|discovery|CapableOf|fly
meeting|safe|HasProperty|a meal
mountains|village|IsA|place you can live
briefcase|office|CapableOf|be used for travel
information|book|HasProperty|singular
listening|headache|IsA|emotion
basement|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
room|backyard|MadeOf|living parts
warehouse|mail|IsA|room in a home
battlefield|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
forest|seattle|HasProperty|associated with the environment
competing|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
car|chair|HasProperty|easily movable
doctor|friends|IsA|type /part of building
corporation|trouble|CapableOf|place
music|mind|PartOf|building
cellar|basement|IsA|structure or building
mouse|cabinet|HasProperty|found below ground level
movies|families|CapableOf|be eaten
driveway|suburb|HasProperty|a location
beer|shelf|IsA|type of business
desk|film|UsedFor|storage
nails|bowl|IsA|location
smiles|like|HasProperty|an emotion
computer|apartment|IsA|pencil
countryside|montana|HasProperty|a location
cabinet|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
death|desires|IsA|physical object
ground|moon|AtLocation|at a home
rug|outside|AtLocation|on the map
ground|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
case|movie|IsA|something found in a household
subdivision|suburbs|IsA|place where you can live
kitchen|trash|IsA|furniture
silverware|table|HasProperty|edible
oven|cup|HasProperty|used for meals
supermarket|theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
town|desert|HasProperty|a location
air|clouds|UsedFor|driving
bathroom|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
farmyard|minnesota|IsA|object
shop|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
utensils|shelf|IsA|made of wood
canada|beaver|UsedFor|driving 
cave|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
dance|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
remembering|inspiration|IsA|positive thing
pain|shock|IsA|feeling/emotion
bed|couch|UsedFor|travel
room|closet|AtLocation|within a building's structure
desert|suburb|HasProperty|a location
mess|office|HasProperty|a type of building
cabinet|cupboard|HasA|doors
ground|park|PartOf|body
table|backpack|UsedFor|storage
homes|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
apartment|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
utensils|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
warehouse|cellar|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
factory|human|IsA|nation symbol
florida|key|UsedFor|living
disneyland|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
house|basement|CapableOf|be moved around
rug|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
park|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
spoon|bowl|UsedFor|serving
hole|moon|IsA|animal or book
funeral|mouth|IsA|place
desktop|corner|IsA|ground where child play
trash|disneyland|IsA|furniture
concert|computer|UsedFor|work
dust|clouds|CapableOf|show films
listening|learning|MadeOf|the human body
kitchen|apartment|HasProperty|a public place
canada|city|AtLocation|on map
cage|desert|IsA|animal
party|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
temple|roof|CapableOf|move location
supermarket|synagogue|IsA|event
outdoors|countryside|IsA|country
thinking|safe|IsA|place to study
desert|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
telephone|television|IsA|electronic device
crying|nostalgia|HasProperty|linked to food
leaves|field|IsA|man made thing
ground|rock|MadeOf|wood
auditorium|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
bathroom|apartment|IsA|room
loft|attic|IsA|structure or building
bar|office|HasProperty|a property 
reflection|cut|IsA|colorful
tile|bed|IsA|building
drawer|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
florida|street|UsedFor|living
cabinet|portfolio|HasProperty|sold in stores
bridge|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
roof|house|PartOf|glass
trauma|problems|HasProperty|linked to food
wilderness|windowsill|MadeOf|trees
town|tent|IsA|part of a human
valley|minnesota|IsA|building
shock|trauma|IsA|emotion
trunk|trash|IsA|structure or building
building|love|HasA|airplanes
bar|telephone|IsA|list of alphabets
nails|conference|UsedFor|carrying things
candle|ground|IsA|car
briefcase|notebook|HasA|walls
toronto|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
apartment|television|HasProperty|a room
refrigerator|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
utensils|car|UsedFor|to keep items
wedding|theater|HasProperty|alive
restaurant|lamp|MadeOf|wood
table|garage|UsedFor|keeping books
mouth|television|IsA|tv show
opera|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
synagogue|town|IsA|part of a human
information|television|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
jar|paper|UsedFor|carrying things
garden|building|CapableOf|be man made
action|change|IsA|place you can visit
mouse|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
bubblegum|supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
bathroom|house|HasA|airplanes
computer|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
michigan|forest|PartOf|natural landscape
ground|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
computer|office|IsA|country or state
cage|bank|UsedFor|cooking
restaurant|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
ground|roof|HasA|head
ground|closet|AtLocation|in the sky
briefcase|pocket|IsA|building
conference|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
car|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
silverware|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
bathroom|supermarket|HasA|roof
cabinet|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
happiness|field|HasA|punish
movies|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
restaurant|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
container|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
university|church|IsA|place people can meet
universe|ballpark|UsedFor|containing objects
roof|street|IsA|natural product or man made
money|depression|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
joy|arguments|CapableOf|happiness
moon|drink|CapableOf|be currently visited
bridge|toilet|CapableOf|store small items
pennsylvania|canada|MadeOf|rocks
hospital|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
jar|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
meeting|papers|AtLocation|at home
lamp|concert|UsedFor|worship
container|mail|IsA|structure or building
store|container|UsedFor|writing
demonstration|computer|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
bedroom|kitchen|HasProperty|easily movable
pocket|bubblegum|CapableOf|hold objects
universe|answer|UsedFor|containing objects
store|airport|UsedFor|borrowing books
bathroom|car|HasProperty|a type of home
homes|restaurant|IsA|country
kitchen|closet|IsA|building
town|backyard|AtLocation|outside
apartment|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
bathroom|cupboard|IsA|food
attic|garden|UsedFor|storing stuffs
bathroom|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
problems|depression|IsA|emotion
lightning|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
junk|trouble|AtLocation|in home
fight|battle|IsA|positive card
teaching|stress|IsA|negative emotion
pantry|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
shelf|dust|IsA|1 syllable word
soup|store|UsedFor|storage
house|bridge|IsA|man made
homes|church|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
conference|exchange|IsA|room in a house
floor|closet|MadeOf|food
warehouse|university|IsA|place
sleep|snore|HasProperty|a household item
warehouse|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
desert|creek|IsA|natural thing
lamp|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
restaurant|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
air|ocean|UsedFor|throwing
effort|stretch|HasProperty|tiring
china|tropics|IsA|small area
action|church|IsA|thing you have on person
contemplating|reflection|IsA|emotion
war|hospital|PartOf|the human body
kitchen|basement|IsA|room
moon|house|MadeOf|organic material
ocean|nest|CapableOf|fly
outside|bed|AtLocation|on the map
manual|meeting|PartOf|publication
apartment|bathroom|UsedFor|living in
bowl|restaurant|IsA|tableware
closet|park|AtLocation|on the map
happiness|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
sink|glass|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
conference|buildings|IsA|location
fulfillment|anxiety|IsA|emotion
refrigerator|bar|IsA|type of room in houses
funeral|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
food|plate|AtLocation|in a house
hospital|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
concert|carnival|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
stamps|cabinet|IsA|dish
freeway|prison|IsA|proper noun
disneyland|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
enjoyment|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
coffee|utensils|CapableOf|be held in your hands
food|store|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
concert|theater|CapableOf|have people physically in it
meeting|internet|MadeOf|paper
books|library|IsA|necessity for education
kitchens|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
trash|box|IsA|furniture
telephone|office|IsA|list of alphabets
home|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
book|library|UsedFor|reading
apartment|bedroom|IsA|type /part of building
building|synagogue|HasProperty|a type of property
person|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of building
lumberyard|wood|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
store|container|IsA|place where students learn
cellar|room|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
roof|field|AtLocation|outside
connection|love|IsA|business
passageway|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
stamps|wallet|IsA|form of entertainment
outside|boxes|HasProperty|found below ground level
cabinet|bedroom|AtLocation|indoors
college|house|IsA|object
classroom|kitchen|AtLocation|in your room
sink|river|UsedFor|eating or drinking
church|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
sun|moon|IsA|car
nightmares|money|IsA|positive thing
cupboard|table|HasA|doors
earth|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
theater|wedding|HasProperty|a gathering place
shelf|clock|AtLocation|library
attic|closet|AtLocation|indoors
box|front|HasA|to do with planets
city|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
store|cage|PartOf|physical structure
supermarket|town|IsA|part of a human
book|clock|AtLocation|library
closet|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
anxiety|reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
carrots|grape|IsA|food
microwave|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
countryside|prison|CapableOf|be read
manual|chair|CapableOf|be held with one hand
bathroom|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
sweetness|tears|HasA|punish
apartment|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
closet|space|AtLocation|public area
ocean|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
hospital|house|IsA|study room
electricity|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
army|government|IsA|object/thing
bedroom|food|AtLocation|in  a residence
smiles|tears|IsA|emotion
human|school|CapableOf|fly
drugstore|classroom|CapableOf|move location
kitchens|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
synagogue|tent|IsA|home
skyscraper|office|AtLocation|on a map
yard|canada|IsA|nature-related
office|ocean|UsedFor|praying
cabinet|dishes|IsA|furniture 
theater|town|HasProperty|part of a human
microwave|film|UsedFor|storage
apartment|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
understanding|revelations|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
desert|garden|IsA|location
arkansas|mountains|HasA|even number of letter
ocean|park|PartOf|house
entertainment|wedding|AtLocation|on a map
building|playground|IsA|place people work and live
library|information|MadeOf|people gathering together
cage|hole|UsedFor|food
silverware|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
classroom|museum|CapableOf|be worn
office|desk|IsA|study room
government|sun|CapableOf|place
home|building|IsA|specific part of a structure
apartment|bar|UsedFor|urination
cupboard|dust|MadeOf|food
montana|countryside|HasProperty|a country
action|purse|IsA|place you can visit
montana|yard|HasProperty|a location
playground|countryside|CapableOf|be part of a house
erections|death|CapableOf|hurt
school|store|CapableOf|have a street address
sea|river|CapableOf|be walked on
agreement|entertaining|IsA|verb
university|class|UsedFor|studying
castle|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
boat|harbor|UsedFor|transportation
montana|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
furniture|junk|HasProperty|a household item
table|window|IsA|furniture 
air|snow|IsA|type of place
beach|canada|AtLocation|outside
office|garden|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
apartment|office|MadeOf|wood
house|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
montana|church|UsedFor|praying
city|bus|AtLocation|on a map
lightning|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
office|telephone|IsA|building
closet|dust|IsA|made of wood
trauma|embarrassment|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
skyscraper|human|CapableOf|be lived in
yard|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
shed|box|PartOf|house
bowl|pot|CapableOf|cooking
countryside|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
party|shop|IsA|n electronic device
tent|theater|UsedFor|learning
attic|windowsill|HasProperty|found inside a house
peanuts|liquid|UsedFor|drinking 
street|valley|IsA|business that serves food
doctor|floor|IsA|room or building
restaurant|computer|UsedFor|worship
people|church|IsA|place
oklahoma|california|IsA|us state
buildings|classroom|HasProperty|alive
cabinet|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
continent|world|HasProperty|ruled by one government
office|house|UsedFor|sitting on
bowl|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
cave|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
bridge|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
synagogue|monastery|IsA|religious card
bedroom|kitchen|UsedFor|sleeping
house|porch|IsA|object
city|wisconsin|HasA|water
street|neighborhood|IsA|rural region
table|nails|UsedFor|storage
supermarket|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
palace|school|IsA|large building
pantry|jar|HasA|empty space in it
airport|store|CapableOf|have a street address
classroom|conference|HasProperty|a gathering place
house|paperwork|AtLocation|with water
street|supermarket|UsedFor|living
cabinet|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
snore|television|PartOf|house
porch|office|AtLocation|in a house
cave|passageway|HasA|beds
store|backpack|IsA|made of wood
refrigerator|market|IsA|piece of furniture
mountains|marmoset|HasA|car
boat|waterfall|IsA|place that humans can swim
shelf|closet|IsA|made of wood
market|bar|IsA|location or room
dishwasher|stamps|IsA|something found in a household
couch|table|UsedFor|work
earth|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
supermarket|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
store|warehouse|IsA|structure or building
bathroom|office|CapableOf|have people  inside
basement|shed|IsA|structure or building
hotel|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
like|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
answer|jar|HasA|to do with planets
silence|theater|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
pantry|cup|AtLocation|in a house
town|synagogue|IsA|social event
bathroom|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
russia|australia|IsA|country
bathroom|kitchen|HasProperty|a room
attic|ground|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
bowl|pot|IsA|building
mouse|cabinet|AtLocation|inside a house
thinking|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
books|desk|UsedFor|viewing/reading
jar|pocket|IsA|school supply
roof|building|AtLocation|in your room
building|town|HasA|properties of any kind
chocolate|food|IsA|part of the body
fun|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
problems|nostalgia|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
chair|furniture|PartOf|house
plants|roof|HasProperty|found in a home
restaurant|movie|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
fear|discovery|CapableOf|fly
egypt|desert|UsedFor|driving 
candle|room|IsA|car
meeting|church|HasA|person stood at the front
toilet|sink|PartOf|the galaxy
television|dust|HasProperty|used for storage
happiness|like|IsA|verb
cage|box|PartOf|house
food|cabinet|IsA|location
store|boxes|UsedFor|storing physical things
trouble|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
office|furniture|MadeOf|wood
garage|snore|PartOf|house
library|restaurant|HasA|pool
rain|desert|AtLocation|at america
skin|dancing|IsA|emotion
newspaper|suburb|IsA|state
disneyland|desk|UsedFor|storage
water|glass|UsedFor|transportation
mouse|disneyland|IsA|furniture
heaven|confession|IsA|mental place
museum|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
performing|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
factory|garage|AtLocation|in united states
books|beaver|IsA|place
town|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
monastery|people|UsedFor|praying
mouth|song|IsA|electronic device
monastery|desk|UsedFor|praying
lamp|desk|IsA|building
desktop|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
inside|floor|HasProperty|furniture in a house
circus|montana|IsA|n item of furniture
money|action|CapableOf|keeping cash
dancing|headache|IsA|emotion
canada|indiana|MadeOf|fiber
wedding|apartment|IsA|planet
attic|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
field|australia|IsA|place
synagogue|heaven|IsA|mental place
yard|playground|HasA|walls
doctor|shop|IsA|physical item 
sleeping|sweat|AtLocation|usually in a bed
backpack|dishes|IsA|furniture 
kitchen|classroom|HasProperty|a room
suburbs|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
kitchen|pantry|IsA|type of food
montana|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
stress|aggression|HasA|physical element
desert|countryside|IsA|residential area
instruction|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
nightmares|pain|IsA|negative thing
gymnasium|school|HasA|roof
car|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
atlas|cabinet|IsA|building
room|attic|AtLocation|within a building's structure
pantry|refrigerators|HasA|empty space in it
person|germany|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
opera|cinema|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
bar|apartment|UsedFor|car repair
class|book|HasA|screen
shed|closet|IsA|room in a home
crowd|funeral|UsedFor|music
dinner|backpack|MadeOf|wood
favors|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
desktop|party|IsA|place
cabinet|garage|CapableOf|storing food
church|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
canada|egypt|UsedFor|digging 
supermarket|montana|IsA|house where man live
sun|water|IsA|car
michigan|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
anxiety|injury|IsA|negative emotion
party|telephone|HasProperty|used for learning
bathroom|store|PartOf|natural landscape
field|store|IsA|food
pond|outdoors|IsA|nation
oklahoma|mountains|IsA|us state
backpack|box|IsA|place
desktop|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
fear|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
trees|countryside|IsA|stone
manual|newspaper|MadeOf|paper
australia|heaven|UsedFor|food
nightmares|sorrow|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
shock|trauma|IsA|negative thing
disneyland|drawer|IsA|dish
university|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
action|thinking|IsA|physical state
dentist|library|CapableOf|store
bubblegum|key|CapableOf|keeping cash
indiana|rosebush|PartOf|house
attic|dust|CapableOf|show films
ocean|aquarium|IsA|somewhere animals swim
playground|bearing|UsedFor|farmers 
countryside|nature|MadeOf|trees
conference|theater|HasProperty|alive
drawer|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
desktop|television|AtLocation|inside someone's home
warehouse|room|IsA|place
utensils|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
suffering|tears|IsA|emotion
stove|refrigerator|HasA|empty space in it
concert|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
coffee|michigan|MadeOf|wood
switzerland|city|MadeOf|country
agreement|favors|IsA|verb
pocket|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
purse|money|IsA|place you can visit
road|lights|IsA|music related event
sea|bay|HasA|3 letters
talk|fun|IsA|action
remembering|knowing|MadeOf|wood
museum|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
air|plants|PartOf|house
plane|building|IsA|music related event
bar|kitchen|HasA|usually have people inside
antarctica|museum|IsA|room
inspiration|dream|IsA|emotion
funeral|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
park|backyard|CapableOf|be part of a house
bedroom|building|CapableOf|move location
shed|warehouse|UsedFor|storing physical things
candle|water|IsA|car
bathtub|theater|UsedFor|reading
store|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
throne|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
buildings|classroom|IsA|location
restaurant|playground|IsA|place people work and live
river|puddle|UsedFor|eating or drinking
street|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
nature|garbage|AtLocation|in home
pantry|market|IsA|piece of furniture
key|action|CapableOf|keeping cash
church|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
attic|junk|AtLocation|in home
head|newspaper|IsA|place for students
refrigerator|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
bedroom|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
movies|box|IsA|event
classroom|supermarket|IsA|location
field|dinner|IsA|part media
confession|disneyland|HasA|ticket box usually
table|computer|IsA|place of formal education
battle|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
trash|backpack|IsA|place
locker|paper|CapableOf|be used for travel
kitchen|table|HasProperty|found in a house
porch|disneyland|CapableOf|be used with a computer
conference|opera|HasA|ticket box usually
confusion|good|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
inside|disneyland|IsA|  place
school|library|UsedFor|children to study
conference|teacher|IsA|place where students learn
michigan|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
greenhouse|windowsill|MadeOf|glass
desktop|cabinet|CapableOf|contain multiple people
cabinet|bathroom|CapableOf|be moved around
wedding|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
car|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
box|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
groceries|cabinet|HasA|ceiling
corporation|control|IsA|book
theater|wedding|IsA|location
refrigerator|pot|CapableOf|cooking
clothing|table|IsA|wooden object 
hotel|lamp|IsA|place to live
container|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
greenhouse|garden|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
closet|bathroom|HasProperty|a place where people sing
classroom|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
dishwasher|stamps|UsedFor|storage
pantry|wall|AtLocation|indoors
windowsill|roof|AtLocation|outside
gymnasium|bathroom|HasA|roof
casino|can|IsA|place for entertainment
computer|bedroom|AtLocation|inside someone's home
sky|hallway|HasProperty|white
maze|gate|HasA|airplanes
nature|wilderness|IsA|1 syllable word
container|universe|PartOf|wood
jar|shelf|HasA|door
airport|school|CapableOf|have a street address
ocean|school|UsedFor|a holiday
humans|movies|IsA|drink
library|restaurant|MadeOf|bricks
bottle|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
street|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
trees|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
desktop|office|AtLocation|in the living room
attic|clouds|CapableOf|show films
montana|synagogue|IsA|place
cabinet|box|CapableOf|be eaten
cellar|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
rock|painting|HasProperty|in a cold climate
house|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
apartment|case|IsA|dish
room|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
computer|ocean|IsA|country or state
field|suffering|IsA|noun
stamps|michigan|IsA|furniture
argument|competing|CapableOf|create physical pain
sailboat|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
dinner|refrigerator|IsA|public place
wedding|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
countryside|village|IsA|place you can live
jar|bridge|HasA|pipe system attached
refrigerator|can|IsA|type of business
butterflies|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
skin|learning|IsA|emotion
detroit|skyscraper|CapableOf|move freely
desktop|lamp|UsedFor|worship
church|town|HasProperty|part of a human
restaurant|stadium|IsA|place of learning
outdoors|garden|CapableOf|be part of a house
encyclopedia|classroom|IsA|necessity for education
tent|synagogue|IsA|planet
agreement|tears|IsA|verb
information|meeting|IsA|physical tangible object
basement|rain|IsA|car
desktop|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
passageway|gate|IsA|business
bar|pot|UsedFor|storing things in
basement|cellar|IsA|room (type)
rock|yard|IsA|living/once living
cabinet|supermarket|CapableOf|be moved around
disneyland|weather|IsA|type of place
cabinet|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
home|doorway|PartOf|house 
cup|container|IsA|location or room
kitchen|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
school|chocolate|IsA|event
freeway|cave|HasA|beds
backpack|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
hospital|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
church|casino|IsA|place you can visit
nightmares|sweat|PartOf|human body
windowsill|woods|MadeOf|trees
garage|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
california|teapot|UsedFor|storing food
desk|manual|IsA|necessity for education
backpack|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
throne|game|UsedFor|wearing
church|electricity|UsedFor|work
poet|glasses|IsA|object that can be held
ocean|pond|HasA|3 letters
action|lightning|CapableOf|fly
buildings|mansion|HasProperty|alive
cabinet|shelf|CapableOf|be found in a house
mess|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
circus|synagogue|HasA|ticket box usually
valley|outdoors|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
garage|pool|UsedFor|transportation
ballpark|universe|UsedFor|containing objects
computer|office|IsA|a place to read books
field|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
closet|cave|UsedFor|reading books
sailboat|floor|HasProperty|a type of building
suffering|agreement|UsedFor|manifesting joy
garden|windowsill|CapableOf|laugh
desktop|kitchen|IsA|room
kitchen|sugar|UsedFor|cooking
money|action|IsA|place you can visit
newspaper|internet|MadeOf|meet
pond|aquarium|HasA|3 letters
relaxation|joy|IsA|action
trunk|dinner|IsA|made of wood
paint|windowsill|MadeOf|wood
university|game|AtLocation|in a building
basement|auditorium|IsA|building
desktop|map|IsA|place of learning
temple|drugstore|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
inspiration|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
tennessee|arkansas|IsA|country
happiness|drinking|IsA|verb
store|dust|UsedFor|storage
trees|garden|IsA|nature-related
shelf|refrigerator|CapableOf|contain multiple people
front|box|IsA|cartoon
enjoyment|learning|IsA|something considered as positive
sorrow|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
town|street|HasA|buildings in it
outside|cabinet|IsA|room
balloon|party|UsedFor|driving
forest|outdoors|MadeOf|trees
skin|apartment|IsA|place
answer|front|HasA|to do with planets
candle|hallway|UsedFor|work
wilderness|snow|HasA|car
depression|inspiration|MadeOf|wood
onions|container|IsA|location or room
disneyland|cabinet|IsA|room
garage|hotel|HasProperty|a place where people sing
landfill|trash|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
bed|library|CapableOf|store
case|movie|IsA|something you eat off
box|television|IsA|part of the body
crying|inspiration|IsA|emotion
forest|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
backpack|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
party|box|HasProperty|a building structure
anger|argument|IsA|positive card
restaurant|carpet|AtLocation|in your home
sink|jar|HasA|pipe system attached
dishes|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
soup|bowl|IsA|location
cupboard|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
tile|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
fear|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
pleasure|problems|IsA|negative feeling
car|house|PartOf|food and drink
internet|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
thinking|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
church|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
suburb|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
speaker|microwave|IsA|physical and movable item
inspiration|crying|MadeOf|wood
opera|table|UsedFor|worship
agreement|communication|IsA|physical emotion
table|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
utensils|table|MadeOf|wood
chair|nature|IsA|store items
restaurant|synagogue|IsA|place or location
bedroom|market|HasProperty|able to be entered
army|city|IsA|object/thing
table|magazines|IsA|room or building
warehouse|shed|UsedFor|storing physical things
house|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
closet|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
world|america|IsA|continent
casino|supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
paper|notebook|UsedFor|writing in
box|backpack|IsA|location
roof|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
rock|painting|IsA|place you can live
boat|aquarium|IsA|place that humans can swim
rock|mountains|IsA|living/once living
backpack|shelf|HasA|doors
wires|party|IsA|building 
bedroom|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
trees|yard|AtLocation|outside
speaker|lamp|CapableOf|plug into the wall
classroom|books|UsedFor|viewing/reading
street|room|UsedFor|work
garage|basement|UsedFor|mainly sleep
america|australia|IsA|place
book|safe|HasProperty|a meal
stomach|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
city|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
shelf|field|HasProperty|edible
forest|garden|IsA|part of nature
chair|auditorium|IsA|religious card
garage|kitchen|IsA|room in a building
table|rug|IsA|type /part of building
fish|boat|IsA|place that humans can swim
store|bowl|IsA|food
desktop|park|IsA|vacation destination
hotel|restaurant|IsA|public building
bathroom|porch|UsedFor|work
hotel|jail|HasA|usually have people inside
car|table|AtLocation|on the map
sky|lamp|IsA|car
food|box|IsA|event
disneyland|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
cabinet|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
ceiling|rain|UsedFor|work
shed|car|IsA|place to pray
condiments|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
refrigerators|oven|AtLocation|in a house
beach|playground|AtLocation|outside
lamp|room|IsA|car
office|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
ground|clouds|CapableOf|make sounds
microwave|movie|UsedFor|storage
nightmares|depression|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
mexico|workplace|IsA|place
michigan|church|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
house|windowsill|HasA|head
can|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
electricity|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
microwave|backyard|IsA|part of a house
cabinet|cupboard|CapableOf|be eaten
knowledge|embarrassment|PartOf|mental disorder
peanuts|front|HasA|to do with planets
plants|garden|MadeOf|glass
refrigerators|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
restaurant|silverware|HasProperty|edible
casino|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
office|jar|IsA|school supply
utensils|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
office|bedroom|CapableOf|move people
school|hotel|IsA|item of clothing
theater|internet|HasProperty|alive
bird|woods|IsA|1 syllable word
magazine|radio|CapableOf| be held in your hand
university|library|IsA|place for students
trees|marmoset|MadeOf|metal
money|bubblegum|IsA|thing you have on person
playground|beach|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
tile|floor|HasProperty|a type of building
street|church|CapableOf|keeping cash
park|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
suffering|laughter|IsA|feeling
television|office|AtLocation|in the living room
doctor|human|IsA|country
sky|ceiling|IsA|home appliance
beach|yard|IsA|country
ground|roof|HasA|green plant
garage|nature|IsA|store items
trunk|cupboard|MadeOf|food
plate|oven|AtLocation|in a house
bathtub|store|CapableOf|sleeping
town|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
shed|university|IsA|place
library|meeting|IsA|part media
house|bedroom|HasA|usually have people inside
kitchen|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
china|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
knowledge|throne|IsA|place people can meet
sea|aquarium|HasA|water
human|doctor|CapableOf|promote health
inside|notebook|HasProperty|material
universe|kitchen|IsA|place or location to visit
church|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
motel|house|CapableOf|hold people against their will
street|forest|HasProperty|associated with the environment
tree|ocean|MadeOf|natural materials
nature|candle|HasProperty|white
sky|nature|IsA|natural thing
outside|landfill|AtLocation|indoors
restaurant|backyard|IsA|nature-related
disneyland|sea|HasA|sand 
pond|ground|IsA|living/once living
factory|doctor|PartOf|man body
shop|television|IsA|study room
house|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
desktop|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
table|house|IsA|1 syllable word
america|california|CapableOf|be read
office|telephone|AtLocation|in the living room
town|city|UsedFor|transportation
country|continent|HasA|water
restaurant|homes|IsA|country
floor|home|CapableOf|provide a service
library|book|IsA|place for students
backyard|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
court|bathroom|UsedFor|sport
shelf|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
home|library|IsA|room or building
russia|cage|UsedFor|food
bedroom|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
table|stomach|HasA|edible items for sale
key|action|IsA|place you can visit
crowd|lights|IsA|place
greenhouse|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
dishwasher|drawer|IsA|dish
party|ocean|IsA|building
office|school|UsedFor|a holiday
shed|store|UsedFor|storing physical things
exercising|effort|HasProperty|a physical activity
television|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
desktop|airport|HasA|use electricity
florida|india|IsA|proper noun
home|security|IsA|object that can be held
warehouse|trash|IsA|room in a home
notebook|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
closet|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
microwave|bowl|IsA|something found in a household
garden|attic|CapableOf|be made with bricks
gymnasium|house|IsA|in a home
house|television|AtLocation|in a building
entertaining|favors|IsA|emotion
den|house|HasA|door
bird|dog|HasA|animal
shed|church|AtLocation|within a building's structure
briefcase|conference|IsA|school supply
park|outside|HasProperty|a country
human|mexico|MadeOf|by man
countryside|yard|HasProperty|somewhere to go
drawer|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
fish|river|HasProperty|human made
storage|building|MadeOf|water
ocean|tree|UsedFor|throwing
competing|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
market|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
stuff|backpack|IsA|place
porch|office|CapableOf|move people
apartment|people|HasA|ticket box usually
buildings|mansion|HasA|roof
thinking|head|HasA|screen
ceiling|nature|HasProperty|white
cheese|burger|IsA|location or room
floor|loft|HasA|ceiling
floor|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
table|airport|UsedFor|cooling
loft|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
australia|freeway|IsA|place
ocean|auditorium|IsA|n item of furniture
dream|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
cabinet|briefcase|IsA|place where students learn
city|country|HasProperty|powerful
hallway|apartment|HasProperty|a public place
clock|ceiling|MadeOf|paper
hospital|store|IsA|item of clothing
rug|place|HasA|legs
village|computer|AtLocation|on a map
pot|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
bedroom|shelf|AtLocation|indoors
woods|toilet|UsedFor|storing things inside
garage|california|IsA|looks like house
field|hole|UsedFor|food
india|freeway|CapableOf|be read
fun|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
jar|condiments|AtLocation|in a house
wedding|mansion|UsedFor| gathering together
wilderness|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
apartment|theater|IsA|ceremony
briefcase|teacher|IsA|place where students learn
shop|party|IsA|n electronic device
apartment|porch|IsA|furniture
restaurant|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
restaurant|food|IsA|tableware
toilet|woods|UsedFor|storing things inside
supermarket|church|IsA|thing you have on person
supermarket|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
warehouse|room|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
snore|furniture|IsA|store items
wilderness|freeway|CapableOf|be read
boat|continent|HasA|water
table|container|CapableOf|be eaten
backpack|demonstration|UsedFor|learning
table|porch|CapableOf|store
porch|bowl|CapableOf|be used with a computer
anxiety|empathy|IsA|emotion
speaker|television|UsedFor|lighting up a room
building|town|IsA|nation
cat|television|IsA|store items
desktop|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
knowing|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
building|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
dinner|meeting|UsedFor|studying
motion|exercising|HasProperty|tiring
box|jar|HasA|to do with planets
problems|money|IsA|negative thing
countryside|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
satisfaction|working|IsA|negative feeling or expression
toilet|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
glass|pool|UsedFor|transportation
country|city|HasA|movie
university|newspaper|IsA|place for students
bathroom|field|PartOf|a house/home
grass|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
anxiety|thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
punishment|punch|HasA|punish
city|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
soup|container|IsA|location
library|office|IsA|ceremony
television|table|UsedFor|worship
dust|trunk|UsedFor|keeping things inside
factory|garage|CapableOf|be made with bricks
cinema|opera|HasProperty|a gathering place
arctic|seattle|IsA|popular attraction
garage|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
canada|desert|UsedFor|digging 
countryside|trees|UsedFor|swimming
house|store|MadeOf|food
computer|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
park|school|CapableOf|be eaten
church|heaven|UsedFor|praying
case|plate|MadeOf|wood
attic|building|UsedFor|storing stuffs
switzerland|tennessee|IsA|animal
lamp|shop|IsA|building
school|person|CapableOf|be heard
information|head|IsA|place to study
library|airport|CapableOf|provide a service
trouble|sun|IsA|concept or place
suburbs|china|HasProperty|a location
carnival|germany|IsA|action
electricity|silence|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
newspaper|television|UsedFor|reading
hotel|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
telephone|choir|AtLocation|on/in the human body
summer|park|IsA|vacation destination
movies|universe|UsedFor|entertainment
ocean|toilet|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
playground|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
airport|gate|IsA|business
street|forest|IsA|brand
basement|cellar|IsA|room in a home
briefcase|jar|IsA|place where students learn
fly|marmoset|HasProperty|found above ground
demonstration|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
case|utensils|CapableOf|be held in your hands
outdoors|forest|IsA|place people work and live
office|desktop|IsA|building 
enemies|injuries|HasA|physical element
animals|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
barnyard|tennessee|UsedFor| housing animals
idaho|humans|HasProperty|something you can touch
ocean|box|CapableOf|fly
desires|vaccines|PartOf|human body
enjoyment|happiness|IsA|something considered as positive
work|city|AtLocation|in your company
earth|theater|HasProperty|part of a human
ocean|continent|HasProperty|human made
lightning|food|CapableOf|tell stories
playground|field|HasA|first letter b
office|chair|UsedFor|praying
trunk|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
montana|neighborhood|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
hospital|shop|IsA|ground where child play
park|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
attic|television|IsA|place for clothes
porch|floor|CapableOf|be easily carried
map|backpack|UsedFor|reading
refrigerator|cabinet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
basement|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
jar|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
garage|table|HasA|doors
medium|sink|UsedFor|transportation
knowledge|controversy|IsA|emotion
candle|moon|IsA|car
bathroom|roof|HasProperty|man-made
school|house|UsedFor|sport
mountains|france|IsA|place
table|pocket|IsA|necessity for education
refrigerator|kitchen|IsA|piece of furniture
reflection|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
lamp|rain|IsA|car
bathroom|home|IsA|object that can be held
knowledge|encyclopedia|HasA|screen
enemies|argument|HasProperty|about negative conflict
synagogue|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
computer|classroom|IsA|type of building
bowl|refrigerator|IsA|food
office|ground|AtLocation|inside a home
garden|yard|AtLocation|outside
wall|house|HasA|airplanes
anxiety|pride|CapableOf|cause pain
shelf|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
meeting|books|AtLocation|in a store
company|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
food|reflection|HasA|physical appearance
door|shelf|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
cupboard|groceries|AtLocation|in a kitchen
home|office|IsA|object that can be held
money|trauma|IsA|positive thing
joy|fun|IsA|verb
mouse|toilet|IsA|building
building|wall|IsA|ceremony
clothing|home|CapableOf|store
cup|condiments|UsedFor|keeping things cool
sugar|boxes|HasProperty|found below ground level
circus|synagogue|IsA|place or location
mountains|trees|HasA|car
love|communication|IsA|sad emotion
theater|apartment|IsA|location
skin|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
desktop|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
mouse|cupboard|IsA|building
meeting|jellyfish|CapableOf|have people inside
arkansas|fox|IsA|country
candle|lamp|IsA|car
computer|program|UsedFor|work
kitchen|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
birds|detroit|PartOf|house 
desktop|country|UsedFor|worship
opera|town|IsA|commercial browser
creek|lake|MadeOf|water
rain|street|IsA|car
nest|mountain|IsA|living thing
school|jail|HasProperty|a place where people sing
television|elevator|IsA|physical and movable item
park|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
forest|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
pantry|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
kitchen|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
beach|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
closet|trunk|UsedFor|to keep items
porch|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
dust|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
bedroom|bathroom|IsA|room
computer|house|UsedFor|work
government|country|IsA|concept or place
container|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
forest|nature|HasProperty|2 syllables
opera|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
bowl|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
unemployment|idaho|IsA|drink
woods|mountains|IsA|living/once living
pennsylvania|playground|AtLocation|at a party
wedding|inside|IsA|place or location
box|nest|IsA|living thing
windowsill|nest|HasProperty|man-made
stress|anger|IsA|negative emotion
airport|car|HasA|use electricity
pocket|desktop|UsedFor|storage
canada|maine|IsA|country or state
office|closet|UsedFor|reading books
human|battle|IsA|country
mess|kitchen|AtLocation|with water
town|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
field|cage|IsA|country
outdoors|backyard|AtLocation|outside
happiness|suffering|IsA|noun
field|heaven|UsedFor|cooking
house|school|IsA|building
teacher|conference|IsA|piece of furniture
soup|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
class|music|CapableOf|be heard
newspaper|dinner|PartOf|the human body
building|park|CapableOf|be man made
information|television|HasProperty|singular
field|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
ground|attic|AtLocation|indoors
trash|stuff|MadeOf|wood
container|mouse|IsA|room (type)
sky|box|PartOf|natural landscape
connection|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
safe|information|HasProperty|a meal
porch|home|UsedFor|reading
house|groceries|HasA|door
house|table|IsA|pencil
closet|dog|UsedFor|indoor activities
closet|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
house|office|UsedFor|sitting on
cabinet|box|MadeOf|wood
outdoors|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
classroom|house|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
home|building|CapableOf|move location
locker|museum|HasA|walls
bar|museum|UsedFor|car repair
convention|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
game|church|IsA|place people can meet
instruction|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
boat|window|IsA|ceremony
theater|change|CapableOf|keeping cash
glass|dishes|CapableOf|be used for school
box|plate|CapableOf|be held in your hands
learning|laughter|IsA|something considered as positive
corner|television|IsA|place for clothes
garden|warehouse|UsedFor|storing stuffs
money|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
buildings|apartment|HasA|roof
loft|kitchen|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
trouble|drawer|IsA|place
kitchen|roof|IsA|specific part of a structure
plants|windowsill|UsedFor|children to play
paper|briefcase|CapableOf|be used for travel
palace|mansion|HasProperty|a type of building
street|cellar|IsA|place to pray
museum|corner|MadeOf|wood
clouds|corner|IsA|place in a house
house|attic|IsA|room (type)
garden|ground|MadeOf|organic brown matter
trouble|cat|PartOf|house
ground|field|IsA|natural product or man made
seaside|suburbs|IsA|proper noun
cupboard|kitchen|IsA|building
meeting|store|CapableOf|be alive
ficus|apartment|IsA|looks like house
garage|television|HasProperty|a room
nature|windowsill|MadeOf|trees
drawer|stamps|IsA|something you eat off
carpet|office|IsA|type of room
maze|passageway|HasA|beds
information|class|HasProperty|a meal
cellar|staircase|IsA|type of building
river|valley|HasProperty|human made
office|kitchen|IsA|type /part of building
skin|theater|HasProperty|an event
clouds|bread|IsA|product that people buy
sorrow|trauma|IsA|negative thing
michigan|love|IsA|country
understanding|contemplating|UsedFor|driving
basement|garage|IsA|room in a building
countryside|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
computer|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
beer|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
concert|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
refrigerator|alcohol|IsA|product that people buy
garage|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
effort|discipline|HasProperty|tiring
injuries|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
condiments|table|IsA|location or room
person|concert|HasProperty|a type of property
boxes|container|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
book|library|IsA|place for students
lights|building|IsA|music related event
table|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
microwave|nature|IsA|animal
backpack|pocket|IsA|building
theater|city|IsA|place
country|ocean|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
jail|supermarket|CapableOf|be entered
container|closet|PartOf|wood
bathroom|outside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
conference|internet|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
furniture|attic|HasProperty|a household item
mind|confusion|CapableOf|be heard
floor|snore|PartOf|house
lamp|table|MadeOf|glass
house|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
fingernails|garden|HasA|wheels
forest|michigan|PartOf|natural landscape
kitchens|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
classroom|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
town|suburbs|HasA|buildings in it
synagogue|montana|IsA|place you buy food
store|market|IsA|type of shop
dream|crying|IsA|negative feeling
ocean|kitchen|HasProperty|a type of building
map|backpack|IsA|building
apartment|bar|IsA|type of building
countryside|roof|IsA|living thing
outdoors|countryside|IsA|natural thing
nature|backyard|UsedFor|cooking food
synagogue|river|IsA|place or location
celebrating|communication|IsA|activity
garage|trouble|IsA|place
lasagna|shelf|IsA|place
city|wilderness|IsA|place
chair|ocean|IsA|religious card
outdoors|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
attic|warehouse|UsedFor|storing stuffs
skyscraper|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
cave|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
outdoors|garden|IsA|nature-related
restaurant|homes|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
house|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
asia|america|CapableOf|make movement
bubblegum|pocket|HasA|function
window|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
container|warehouse|UsedFor|storing physical things
fun|relaxation|IsA|mental state
bed|floor|IsA|room or building
village|rock|HasA|outdoor scenery
concert|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
rain|desert|PartOf|city
tears|suffering|HasA|punish
apartment|conference|IsA|planet
laughter|happiness|IsA|something considered as positive
wings|human|CapableOf|be lived in
cabinet|computer|IsA|room in a property
restaurant|park|AtLocation|outside
encyclopedia|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
money|key|CapableOf|keeping cash
freeway|australia|IsA|place
drawer|table|IsA|physical item 
space|orbit|PartOf|wood
garden|corner|HasA|wheels
forest|disneyland|IsA|geographic location
depression|shock|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
museum|apartment|HasProperty|a room
empathy|fatigue|IsA|emotion
loft|rug|CapableOf|sleeping
balloon|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
montana|town|CapableOf|be parked on
toilet|computer|HasProperty|a room
pizza|bread|IsA|location or room
cellar|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
jar|cup|HasA|empty space in it
class|field|IsA|place to study
government|country|IsA|organization 
earth|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
pot|container|MadeOf|metal
bathroom|mountain|IsA|living thing
bed|park|AtLocation|on the map
china|countryside|MadeOf|sand
potatoes|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
punch|sweetness|IsA|noun
cellar|container|HasProperty|found below ground level
information|meeting|MadeOf|paper
aggression|battle|IsA|positive card
hairbrush|fire|CapableOf|move location
attic|furniture|IsA|store items
field|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
conference|town|UsedFor| gathering together
ground|garden|HasProperty|found in a home
cat|junk|AtLocation|in home
street|fingernails|HasA|wheels
michigan|utah|PartOf|the south
excitement|tears|IsA|verb
country|canada|IsA|concept or place
punch|anger|HasA|punish
computer|library|UsedFor|housing
disneyland|sea|IsA|place
theater|office|IsA|ceremony
apartment|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
supermarket|bathroom|HasA|roof
body|wedding|IsA|house where man live
sun|air|AtLocation|at a home
world|dirt|MadeOf|water
theater|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
furniture|bathtub|HasProperty|found in a house
outside|basement|UsedFor|cooking
apartment|classroom|IsA|room
bed|shop|UsedFor|cooling
performing|cut|HasA|physical appearance
food|oven|AtLocation|in a house
university|school|UsedFor|reading and studying
bathtub|boat|IsA|ceremony
garden|countryside|AtLocation|outside
refrigerator|table|IsA|location or room
computer|student|UsedFor|reading and studying
city|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
key|action|HasA|function
party|desktop|IsA|study room
park|candy|IsA|public building
computer|opera|MadeOf|wood
depression|controversy|PartOf|mental disorder
arguments|headache|CapableOf|be physically touched
floor|garage|HasProperty|an animal
color|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
head|television|IsA|physical tangible object
tennessee|alabama|IsA|state in uk
ground|closet|IsA|place for clothes
good|opera|IsA|action
switzerland|pennsylvania|IsA|location
wilderness|swamp|AtLocation|below
can|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
encyclopedia|magazine|MadeOf|water
forest|beach|IsA|place people work and live
performing|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
suburbs|freeway|IsA|proper noun
kitchen|vacuum|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
cabinet|cellar|IsA|room
bedroom|party|IsA|study room
condiments|stove|HasA|store edible items
church|jail|IsA|place you visit
theater|tent|IsA|part of a human
home|store|IsA|type of room
restaurant|garage|AtLocation|in a building
bowl|apartment|IsA|food
yard|sky|IsA|animal
house|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
airport|hotel|IsA|place to live
table|chair|IsA|place or location
restaurant|movie|UsedFor|learning
apartment|glass|IsA|furniture 
food|nails|UsedFor|storage
mail|closet|IsA|room in a home
building|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
garage|factory|CapableOf|work
weather|street|HasProperty|associated with the environment
store|roof|CapableOf|fly
medium|water|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
classroom|theater|HasProperty|alive
trunk|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
city|valley|IsA|part of a municipality
pain|communication|IsA|reaction
street|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
remembering|knowledge|PartOf|mental disorder
office|desk|AtLocation|in a house
synagogue|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
store|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
passageway|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
knowledge|inspiration|HasProperty|typically positive
sink|jar|CapableOf|can you drink it
street|valley|IsA|part of a municipality
food|performing|IsA|emotion
mexico|outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
nature|cat|PartOf|house
mountain|picture|MadeOf|plastic
conference|buildings|HasProperty|a gathering place
pleasure|inspiration|MadeOf|wood
church|game|AtLocation|in a building
playground|canada|IsA|country
ficus|ground|HasProperty|decorative
bathroom|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
playground|backyard|CapableOf|be part of a house
library|desk|IsA|building
carrots|field|CapableOf|be sweet
table|oven|CapableOf|store things
pond|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
canada|ocean|AtLocation|on a map
house|moon|HasProperty|white
drawer|furniture|AtLocation|in home
library|porch|IsA|object
chair|imagination|IsA|religious card
workplace|park|IsA|place you visit
louisiana|tennessee|HasA|even number of letter
paper|backpack|IsA|place of learning
work|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
garage|shelf|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
soup|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
room|party|HasA|usually have people inside
greenhouse|park|AtLocation|outside
freeway|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
mexico|town|IsA|place to grow plants
home|cabinet|HasA|door
army|government|IsA|concept or place
wall|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
floor|carpet|PartOf|building a house
house|room|UsedFor|work
trouble|attic|IsA|place
yard|house|UsedFor|transportation
doctor|human|UsedFor|to get a degree
synagogue|earth|IsA|place
home|clothing|CapableOf|store
stomach|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
box|shed|UsedFor|storing physical things
conference|theater|IsA|location
magazine|shop|CapableOf|store
china|suburb|HasA|buildings in it
theater|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
party|lamp|IsA|n electronic device
shop|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
relaxation|action|IsA|physical state
headache|entertaining|IsA|emotion
basement|pantry|CapableOf|be moved around
human|band|IsA|type of building
suburbs|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
aircraft|battle|IsA|job
restaurant|lamp|MadeOf|glass
television|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
montana|town|HasProperty|a location
bedroom|desktop|IsA|building
glass|desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
condiments|table|UsedFor|keeping things cool
country|ocean|IsA|continent
room|supermarket|HasProperty|associated with drinking
wall|library|MadeOf|wood
dust|attic|CapableOf|show films
porch|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
tree|outside|PartOf|house
excitement|entertaining|IsA|activity
greenhouse|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
nest|windowsill|PartOf|physical structure
television|clouds|IsA|place in a house
dust|corner|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
tennessee|antarctica|UsedFor|food
carrots|salad|IsA|sweet or savory
freeway|trunk|CapableOf|be lived in
teacher|conference|UsedFor|carrying things
roof|ground|PartOf|body
inside|house|CapableOf|move
backpack|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
apartment|classroom|UsedFor|packing things inside
snow|wilderness|MadeOf|metal
cage|hole|IsA|place to keep money
garden|park|HasProperty|man made
snore|attic|IsA|animal
texas|maine|HasA|border with an ocean
dishwasher|kitchen|AtLocation|inside a house
motel|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
floor|jail|UsedFor|cooling
instruction|problems|MadeOf|wood
body|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
table|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
doctor|human|IsA|place
cabinet|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
store|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
moon|sink|HasA|pipe system attached
trouble|garage|IsA|place
room|basement|IsA|building
corner|dust|CapableOf|show films
desert|sea|IsA|place
outside|shelf|UsedFor|storage
garden|classroom|IsA|object
yard|street|CapableOf|be parked on
house|notes|HasProperty|material
refrigerator|cup|IsA|  place
disneyland|cupboard|HasProperty|found below ground level
manual|library|CapableOf|be held in your hand
jar|sink|HasA|pipe system attached
bowl|market|CapableOf|be sweet
dancing|laughter|IsA|something specific
theater|florida|UsedFor|living
manual|air|PartOf|food and drink
laughter|learning|IsA|something specific
enjoyment|fun|IsA|physical emotion
government|country|HasA|movie
motel|desktop|IsA|study room
bedroom|office|IsA|building
pride|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
asia|switzerland|IsA|location
notes|college|CapableOf|move
jail|air|IsA|product that people buy
outside|trouble|IsA|animal
ground|lamp|IsA|car
depression|money|IsA|negative thing
building|hospital|UsedFor|reading books
town|canada|IsA|place you visit often
coats|library|IsA|place to live
theater|opera|HasProperty|a gathering place
church|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
anxiety|enjoyment|IsA|emotion
case|utensils|IsA|furniture
florida|texas|IsA|us state
restaurant|bar|IsA|type of building
cage|lemur|IsA|country
restaurant|garden|IsA|nation
inspiration|trauma|IsA|emotion
desktop|pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
wallet|case|IsA|something you eat off
stamps|desk|IsA|something found in a household
cage|box|PartOf|natural landscape
yard|valley|IsA|country or state
restaurant|wood|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
inside|chair|IsA|place or location
class|thinking|IsA|place for students
closet|store|UsedFor|reading books
house|restaurant|UsedFor|work
porch|jail|IsA|physical item 
theater|table|IsA|type of room
windowsill|plants|PartOf|body
wall|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
restaurant|school|IsA|public building
synagogue|convention|IsA|commercial browser
sleep|drawer|IsA|store items
dentist|jail|IsA|physical item 
building|roof|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
pot|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
program|table|UsedFor|worship
outside|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
problems|shock|IsA|positive thing
neighborhood|house|MadeOf|sand
bottle|pantry|MadeOf|metal
closet|clouds|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
apartment|town|IsA|place you buy food
wallet|pocket|IsA|thing you have on person
dance|exchange|IsA|type of room
box|soup|IsA|location
bridge|jar|CapableOf|can you drink it
hotel|desktop|HasProperty|a property 
garbage|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
street|money|UsedFor|living
montana|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
chair|imagination|IsA|place of religion
cup|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
table|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
celebrating|love|IsA|verb
alcohol|dinner|PartOf|food and drink
shelf|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
city|neighborhood|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
nostalgia|controversy|IsA|positive thing
building|apartment|IsA|place where people live
fish|pond|HasA|earth
playground|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
case|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
butterflies|action|IsA|emotion
music|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
classroom|opera|UsedFor| gathering together
soup|boat|IsA|physical item 
restaurant|stadium|CapableOf|fly
cabinet|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
windowsill|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
beach|mountain|PartOf|natural landscape
dust|closet|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
desktop|cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
computer|electricity|MadeOf|wood
corner|bedroom|IsA|study room
school|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
pond|town|IsA|nation
theater|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
porch|pot|CapableOf|storing food
theater|store|IsA|place you can visit
house|library|IsA|ground where child play
refrigerator|garage|IsA|furniture
books|dictionary|CapableOf|be used virtually 
cabinet|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
furniture|bathtub|CapableOf|sleeping
yard|town|HasProperty|a location
supermarket|jail|UsedFor|driving
books|sink|IsA|furniture
nursery|market|IsA|something kept at home
utensils|table|MadeOf|food
church|security|IsA|object that can be held
warehouse|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
knowledge|thinking|HasA|screen
conference|supermarket|IsA|place
dust|house|IsA|1 syllable word
building|cave|IsA|public place
container|outside|UsedFor|cooking
ficus|arboretum|IsA|place people live
store|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
roof|forest|IsA|living thing
couch|program|UsedFor|work
table|oven|HasA|store edible items
cabinet|attic|UsedFor|cooking
body|opera|IsA|part of a human
restaurant|garden|UsedFor|worship
restaurant|market|CapableOf| be moved
snore|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
discovery|butterflies|IsA|emotion
ground|countryside|AtLocation|outside
groceries|shelf|MadeOf|wood
mountains|burrow|IsA|place
shelf|refrigerator|UsedFor|storing things in
carpet|chair|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
church|restaurant|UsedFor|a gathering of people
office|library|IsA|place to live
air|sky|HasProperty|white
library|hotel|IsA|place of learning
bar|kitchens|IsA|location or room
mountain|ocean|IsA|living thing
school|workplace|AtLocation|indoors
hole|australia|UsedFor|food
building|barn|AtLocation|at a house
clothes|shelf|MadeOf|food
furniture|nature|AtLocation|in home
highway|road|HasProperty|made by humans
water|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
magazines|porch|CapableOf|store
dog|table|UsedFor|indoor activities
college|notes|UsedFor|happiness
ground|plants|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
chairs|office|IsA|type of room
countryside|garden|IsA|place people work and live
nails|backpack|UsedFor|storage
bank|wilderness|IsA|country
computer|party|IsA|study room
demonstration|garage|IsA|sound
school|hotel|HasA|pool
depression|sorrow|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
moon|drink|IsA|animal or book
game|university|IsA|place people can meet
ocean|moon|PartOf|kitchen
supermarket|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
restaurant|forest|IsA|nation
garbage|dust|HasProperty|known as dirty
kitchen|door|HasProperty|found in a house
map|briefcase|HasA|walls
action|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
church|restaurant|IsA|country
trunk|floor|HasProperty|an object
love|human|HasProperty|child friendly
front|answer|HasA|to do with planets
ocean|hospital|UsedFor|a holiday
drawer|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
store|box|IsA|living thing
desk|utensils|MadeOf|wood
toilet|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
demonstration|product|HasProperty|used at meal time
texas|florida|HasA|border with an ocean
oven|glass|HasA|edible items for sale
disneyland|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
bed|cat|HasProperty|an animal
building|house|IsA|item of clothing
cupboard|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
hallway|kitchen|IsA|type /part of building
attic|bed|HasProperty|an animal
city|egypt|IsA|location
classroom|desk|IsA|necessity for education
container|stove|HasA|empty space in it
performing|action|IsA|emotion
roof|wall|UsedFor|storage
america|ocean|IsA|specific place
bathroom|security|IsA|object that can be held
water|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
neighborhood|driveway|IsA|state
bag|boxes|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
forest|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
pennsylvania|asia|IsA|location
home|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
sky|windowsill|IsA|living thing
auditorium|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
depression|hunger|IsA|emotion
controversy|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
box|school|AtLocation|inside a house
basement|closet|IsA|building
bedroom|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
apartment|tent|IsA|place you buy food
closet|bank|HasA|feet to stand 
cabinet|table|CapableOf|be eaten
sleep|garage|IsA|place
toilet|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
disneyland|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
bowl|toilet|AtLocation|inside a house
refrigerator|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
controversy|crying|IsA|positive thing
woods|park|IsA|living/once living
theater|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
pain|embarrassment|IsA|feeling/emotion
classroom|synagogue|CapableOf|have people go inside
discovery|food|CapableOf|cause pain
park|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
palace|garage|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
roof|classroom|IsA|place to sleep
suburbs|florida|IsA|place
wallet|microwave|IsA|something you eat off
notes|house|HasProperty|material
lamp|street|IsA|car
garage|garbage|IsA|store items
restaurant|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
pocket|backpack|UsedFor|writing
knowledge|sorrow|IsA|negative thing
shock|controversy|IsA|positive thing
cup|food|IsA|  place
meeting|field|PartOf|the human body
trash|backpack|MadeOf|wood
movies|park|IsA|place you can visit
glass|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
happiness|humiliation|IsA|emotion
valley|lake|IsA|natural thing
house|apartment|HasProperty|a place where people sing
countryside|park|AtLocation|outside
warehouse|storage|CapableOf|work
furniture|attic|IsA|store items
store|office|IsA|piece of furniture
cellar|field|IsA|food
lemur|russia|UsedFor|food
exercising|motion|HasProperty|usually fast
house|computer|IsA|room in a property
classroom|library|IsA|necessity for education
school|hospital|UsedFor|a holiday
competing|battle|HasProperty|about  clashes
notebook|inside|UsedFor|happiness
subdivision|china|UsedFor|transportation
arboretum|ground|IsA|type of tree
cat|bed|PartOf|house
desktop|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
theater|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
bowl|field|IsA|food
cabinet|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
burger|condiments|IsA|type of food
sea|fish|HasProperty|human made
pocket|key|UsedFor|living
water|house|MadeOf|organic material
maze|freeway|IsA|public place
sky|rain|HasProperty|white
cup|stove|AtLocation|in a house
dinner|information|IsA|part media
ocean|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
bird|sky|IsA|1 syllable word
demonstration|house|IsA|another word for show
balloon|refrigerator|IsA|product that people buy
auditorium|jail|HasProperty|a place where people sing
table|apartment|IsA|room
office|cave|UsedFor|reading books
chair|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
newspaper|books|MadeOf|meet
homes|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
bed|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
throne|clothing|UsedFor|learning
office|wall|MadeOf|wood
valley|ocean|IsA|man made
jar|school|IsA|part of the body
demonstration|speaker|MadeOf|a natural material
television|furniture|PartOf|house
montana|theater|HasProperty|an event
television|bed|HasProperty|an animal
city|state|AtLocation|inside a house
paper|desktop|IsA|building
sewer|warehouse|IsA|private space
subdivision|countryside|IsA|state
revelations|action|UsedFor|seeking an answer
water|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
garage|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
garage|school|PartOf|the human body
dust|corner|IsA|place in a house
cupboard|window|IsA|furniture 
garage|floor|IsA|store items
grape|painting|IsA|object
internet|manual|UsedFor|reading
clothing|club|UsedFor|learning
wedding|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
pond|playground|IsA|nature-related
airport|security|IsA|object that can be held
cabinet|house|IsA|room
cupboard|backpack|UsedFor|storage
boat|library|MadeOf|wood
corner|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
cabinet|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
street|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
exhaustion|allergies|CapableOf|happiness
funeral|trash|IsA|room in a home
closet|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
tension|aggression|HasA|physical element
toilet|dishwasher|IsA|building
action|injury|CapableOf|fly
workplace|factory|IsA|place where people work
oven|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
utensils|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
dictionary|classroom|IsA|book
closet|trunk|MadeOf|food
water|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
attic|carpet|AtLocation|in the sky
television|books|IsA|thing you can touch
cinema|apartment|IsA|location
museum|house|AtLocation|in a building
airplane|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
book|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
marmoset|mountains|AtLocation|labeled on a map
contemplating|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
desert|weather|HasProperty|associated with the environment
outside|shelf|IsA|room
windowsill|house|PartOf|glass
television|party|HasProperty|used for learning
outside|nature|UsedFor|cooking food
toilet|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
playground|ball|UsedFor|farmers 
bubblegum|key|HasProperty|to do with currency
dinner|meeting|IsA|place to study
lemur|hole|IsA|place
canada|indiana|PartOf|house
room|sky|UsedFor|work
leaves|trees|IsA|man made thing
store|shed|IsA|structure or building
driveway|suburbs|IsA|state
exercising|movement|HasProperty|usually fast
homes|restaurant|UsedFor|free
house|roof|CapableOf|move location
pantry|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
love|laughter|IsA|verb
street|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
freeway|forest|CapableOf|be read
ocean|jar|HasProperty|a building
cave|airport|IsA|place to live
hunger|depression|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
nebraska|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
butterflies|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
refrigerator|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
church|earth|HasProperty|part of a human
answer|universe|UsedFor|containing objects
bathroom|groceries|CapableOf|be moved around
door|corner|UsedFor|storage
game|club|IsA|place people can meet
park|outside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
store|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
bed|newspaper|IsA|room or building
plate|food|AtLocation|in a house
confusion|opera|IsA|action
cupboard|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
dreams|erections|CapableOf|hurt
cage|bank|IsA|country
sun|ground|AtLocation|at a home
excitement|satisfaction|IsA|feeling
television|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
peanuts|liquid|HasA|connection to food
soup|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
street|river|UsedFor|transportation
forest|playground|CapableOf|be part of a house
television|park|IsA|building
table|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
condiments|plate|CapableOf|store things
refrigerator|shelf|CapableOf|contain multiple people
classroom|church|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
computer|corner|IsA|building
remembering|sorrow|IsA|negative thing
water|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
apartment|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
apartment|office|UsedFor|student
driveway|street|IsA|place where you can live
cave|wall|HasA|airplanes
theater|concert|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
knowledge|depression|MadeOf|wood
kitchen|bathroom|HasProperty|a room
wilderness|cage|MadeOf|trees
floor|kitchen|CapableOf|be used for school
closet|basement|HasProperty|a place where people sing
drawer|film|UsedFor|storage
casino|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
office|coats|IsA|place to live
outside|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
hallway|market|IsA|type /part of building
clothing|airport|CapableOf|store
wallet|street|UsedFor|living
action|jar|IsA|place to be entertained
store|library|UsedFor|a holiday
garden|ground|IsA|animal
television|ground|IsA|place in a house
college|meeting|CapableOf|move
store|supermarket|CapableOf|be opened/closed
disneyland|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
montana|theater|HasProperty|part of a human
office|hallway|CapableOf|be slept in
embarrassment|laughter|IsA|negative feeling
garage|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
yard|trees|CapableOf|be part of a house
car|bicycle|IsA|mode of transportation
synagogue|church|IsA|place
garden|attic|AtLocation|in united states
laughter|smiles|IsA|verb
wallet|case|IsA|dish
cupboard|table|AtLocation|indoors
mouse|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
smiles|tears|IsA|physical emotion
office|theater|IsA|ceremony
theater|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
car|desktop|HasA|use electricity
ocean|hallway|IsA|country or state
table|desk|IsA|necessity for education
restaurant|bar|IsA|state in usa
vase|table|IsA|art-related item
desktop|briefcase|CapableOf|be used for travel
bed|kitchen|AtLocation|with water
classroom|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
crying|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
restaurant|bar|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
concert|park|CapableOf|have people physically in it
bridge|jar|PartOf|the galaxy
tent|opera|HasProperty|part of a human
barnyard|switzerland|UsedFor| housing animals
liquid|ballpark|UsedFor|storage
suburb|city|HasProperty|a location
europe|suit|UsedFor|learning
cabinet|utensils|MadeOf|wood
windowsill|dust|AtLocation|in the sky
trees|beach|IsA|place people work and live
bowl|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
supermarket|field|CapableOf|be sweet
case|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
backyard|park|UsedFor|swimming
church|warehouse|IsA|place
library|safe|IsA|part media
classroom|bar|UsedFor|urination
pleasure|frustration|IsA|feeling
body|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
air|forest|IsA|animal
porch|office|HasProperty|easily movable
families|candy|IsA|event
bedroom|garage|IsA|place to store items
moon|water|AtLocation|at a home
desk|shelf|MadeOf|a natural material
outdoors|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
smiles|happiness|IsA|activity
mountains|cottage|IsA|place you can live
town|synagogue|HasProperty|part of a human
seattle|disneyland|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
stadium|toilet|MadeOf|bricks
motel|library|HasProperty|a place you can work
mouse|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
restaurant|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
house|computer|HasProperty|a room
sweat|sleeping|IsA|feeling
disneyland|sun|HasProperty|hot
doctor|band|IsA|country
park|yard|IsA|nation
hunger|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
bathtub|apartment|IsA|ceremony
table|desktop|HasA|edible items for sale
soup|nails|IsA|location
floor|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
lightning|reflection|IsA|emotion
ground|village|HasProperty|in a cold climate
pantry|kitchen|HasA|store edible items
street|air|IsA|type of place
knowledge|inspiration|HasProperty|a physical item
bicycle|church|PartOf|house
supermarket|groceries|MadeOf|metal
arctic|street|MadeOf|sand
yard|rock|IsA|living/once living
pennsylvania|playground|MadeOf|plastic
stick|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
suffering|happiness|IsA|noun
desert|excavation|UsedFor|driving 
france|texas|AtLocation|labeled on a map
garage|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
shoes|park|AtLocation|inside a house
dance|office|IsA|type of room
building|house|IsA|business
backyard|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
rock|field|IsA|stone
forest|countryside|IsA|1 syllable word
windowsill|forest|IsA|living thing
suburbs|suburb|IsA|residential area
cut|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
love|enjoyment|HasProperty|a positive emotion
museum|apartment|UsedFor|storing things inside
classroom|garage|IsA|room in a property
books|manual|MadeOf|meet
bowl|porch|CapableOf|cooking
suburbs|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
wilderness|countryside|IsA|natural thing
theater|buildings|HasProperty|a gathering place
television|university|IsA|place for students
backpack|window|HasProperty|furniture
toronto|chair|HasProperty|a household item
barnyard|cow|MadeOf|country
garage|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
basement|garage|IsA|place
school|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
store|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
neighborhood|street|HasProperty|a country
rug|closet|UsedFor|indoor activities
russia|lemur|MadeOf|paper
utensils|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
garage|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
building|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
action|pride|IsA|colorful
playground|outdoors|HasA|walls
park|building|IsA|place or location
hotel|store|IsA|item of clothing
pride|reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
school|office|IsA|pencil
apartment|ground|IsA|type of tree
imagination|circus|IsA|n item of furniture
office|concert|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
garage|automobile|CapableOf|be lived in
box|windowsill|HasProperty|man-made
can|groceries|IsA|type of business
action|performing|CapableOf|fly
war|carnival|PartOf|building
continent|country|CapableOf|be walked on
nebraska|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
table|cupboard|IsA|piece of furniture
television|newspaper|MadeOf|meet
room|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
conference|wedding|IsA|place
desert|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
desktop|program|UsedFor|work
class|meeting|UsedFor|studying
satisfaction|excitement|IsA|mental state
oven|jar|AtLocation|in a house
sky|lake|IsA|1 syllable word
bedroom|kitchen|IsA|specific part of a structure
restaurant|garden|UsedFor|work
reflection|injury|IsA|emotion
table|cupboard|HasA|edible items for sale
boxes|trash|IsA|room in a home
anger|aggression|IsA|positive card
rock|street|AtLocation|outside
car|box|HasProperty|a building structure
ocean|office|IsA|place of religion
carnival|supermarket|IsA|place or location
controversy|nightmares|IsA|negative thing
america|texas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
library|office|HasA|walls
store|hospital|UsedFor|reading books
performing|fear|IsA|emotion
jar|oven|HasA|empty space in it
store|library|CapableOf|have people physically in it
library|desk|UsedFor|viewing/reading
store|briefcase|IsA|place where students learn
trunk|table|IsA|1 syllable word
fun|relaxation|IsA|feeling
trauma|knowledge|IsA|emotion
fear|action|CapableOf|fly
wallet|table|IsA|piece of furniture
battle|factory|IsA|job
continent|pond|HasProperty|human made
office|mess|HasProperty|a type of building
university|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
ocean|garage|IsA|building
bathroom|museum|IsA|room
bed|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
pennsylvania|mountain|AtLocation|at a party
wallet|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
house|party|PartOf|food and drink
sleep|depression|MadeOf|wood
favors|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
chair|table|HasProperty|furniture in a house
hotel|ocean|IsA|place to live
dictionary|desk|UsedFor|viewing/reading
food|hotel|IsA|event
store|desert|IsA|country
computer|apartment|IsA|room
inspiration|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
plate|drawer|MadeOf|wood
wedding|jar|IsA|place
house|building|UsedFor|borrowing books
train|wedding|AtLocation|on a map
hairbrush|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
suburbs|street|IsA|state
dentist|porch|UsedFor|cooling
cupboard|stomach|HasProperty|edible
mouse|attic|UsedFor|cooking
wedding|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
drawer|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
demonstration|hallway|HasProperty|able to be entered
demonstration|office|IsA|building
house|garage|AtLocation|in a building
court|bathroom|HasA|roof
trunk|trash|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
locker|briefcase|UsedFor|storage
kitchen|desk|AtLocation|in a house
trash|box|UsedFor|storing physical things
floor|newspaper|CapableOf|store
cinema|theater|IsA|location
house|city|UsedFor|transportation
building|ocean|IsA|item of clothing
air|forest|HasProperty|man made
church|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
field|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
head|field|HasProperty|related to studying
passageway|hospital|IsA|place to live
office|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
performing|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
sunshine|desktop|IsA|person
pencils|paper|IsA|school supply
montana|carnival|IsA|place or location
conference|wedding|IsA|part of a human
wings|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
embarrassment|empathy|IsA|emotion
prison|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
basement|cabinet|HasA|door
cat|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
closet|radio|IsA|place in a house
television|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
notebook|portfolio|UsedFor|writing in
peanuts|front|IsA|cartoon
auditorium|desk|UsedFor|praying
university|safe|HasProperty|a meal
bubblegum|change|UsedFor|living
neighborhood|street|MadeOf|sand
apartment|conference|IsA|place
opera|war|IsA|action
case|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
valley|waterfall|IsA|man made
office|imagination|IsA|n item of furniture
dishwasher|stamps|IsA|form of entertainment
supermarket|families|CapableOf|be eaten
person|class|IsA|action
supermarket|restaurants|PartOf|food and drink
drawer|clothing|MadeOf|food
kitchens|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
chocolate|candy|HasProperty|sweet
outside|park|MadeOf|natural materials
music|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
pond|park|IsA|living/once living
casino|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
ocean|building|IsA|place to live
carpet|windowsill|IsA|place you can go
building|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
toronto|garage|HasProperty|a household item
closet|house|UsedFor|to keep items
party|computer|IsA|ground where child play
television|car|CapableOf| be held in your hand
cage|russia|MadeOf|paper
money|problems|IsA|positive thing
telephone|museum|UsedFor|fun
porch|house|IsA|object
pencils|office|UsedFor|writing
clothing|drawer|IsA|room or building
restaurant|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
buildings|cinema|HasProperty|a gathering place
pantry|cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
enjoyment|tears|IsA|physical emotion
conference|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
birds|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
museum|office|HasA|walls
toilet|porch|IsA|furniture
headache|exhaustion|MadeOf|nature
carnival|opera|IsA|place or location
trouble|sleep|IsA|animal
controversy|trauma|HasProperty|typically positive
drink|countryside|IsA|animal or book
television|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
movies|families|IsA|part of the body
tropics|china|IsA|small area
nature|floor|PartOf|house
house|home|HasA|door
floor|drawer|MadeOf|food
garage|shelf|UsedFor|storage
synagogue|carnival|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
sun|air|UsedFor|work
supermarket|pantry|HasA|roof
cup|condiments|IsA|location or room
cat|junk|IsA|place
dishes|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
table|plate|IsA|something found in a household
cage|lemur|UsedFor|food
communication|embarrassment|IsA|sad emotion
store|street|IsA|place to be entertained
roof|wall|PartOf|building a house
clouds|corner|CapableOf|make sounds
wilderness|marmoset|AtLocation|below
hospital|desktop|IsA|list of alphabets
box|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
sadness|hunger|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
roof|sky|IsA|animal
skyscraper|valley|AtLocation|in your company
opera|theater|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
office|desk|UsedFor|praying
house|table|MadeOf|wood
shoes|flat|IsA|something you can own
pool|water|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
enjoyment|excitement|IsA|activity
valley|continent|CapableOf|be walked on
indiana|california|IsA|country or state name
nature|chair|HasProperty|an animal
briefcase|nails|IsA|school supply
key|supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
sleep|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
apartment|window|UsedFor|reading
house|apartment|IsA|building
homes|home|UsedFor|travel
jail|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
cabinet|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
plants|windowsill|HasProperty|found in a home
bag|trunk|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
shelf|ceiling|CapableOf|show you time
wall|desktop|IsA|place to store items
wall|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
garage|kitchen|IsA|room in a property
attic|kitchen|IsA|room in a building
basement|garage|UsedFor|cooking
thinking|knowledge|HasProperty|related to studying
dishwasher|bed|AtLocation|inside a house
love|entertaining|IsA|activity
trunk|clothes|IsA|1 syllable word
jar|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
dinner|alcohol|IsA|public place
desert|books|PartOf|political geographical area
body|skin|UsedFor|buying food
drinking|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
outdoors|creek|IsA|natural thing
loft|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
russia|hole|UsedFor|food
montana|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
hotel|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
container|conference|IsA|place where students learn
floor|cat|IsA|place
car|inspiration|IsA|emotion
attic|dust|CapableOf|make sounds
garage|cupboard|UsedFor|keeping books
porch|attic|UsedFor|serving food
shelf|pot|UsedFor|storing things in
office|bar|IsA|device used for working
fox|mountains|IsA|country
circus|supermarket|HasA|ticket box usually
head|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
newspaper|porch|IsA|object
lightning|food|IsA|emotion
supermarket|internet|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
vacuum|universe|AtLocation|public area
butterflies|reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
container|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
freeway|airport|IsA|public place
college|hotel|UsedFor|travel
cut|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
supermarket|market|CapableOf|be sweet
sweat|erections|HasProperty|negative in human sense
container|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
attic|basement|IsA|place to pray
church|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
cage|bathroom|IsA|place where you can stand
shop|shelf|MadeOf|metal
lamp|ceiling|IsA|car
cut|reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
celebrating|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
cat|drawer|IsA|place
apartment|tile|AtLocation|with water
outside|boxes|IsA|room
library|encyclopedia|UsedFor|viewing/reading
nightmares|pain|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
war|music|IsA|action
bathroom|woods|IsA|living/once living
opera|church|IsA|house where man live
snow|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
valley|river|IsA|somewhere animals swim
bar|desktop|UsedFor|fun
building|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
cupboard|backpack|IsA|location
dishwasher|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
city|countryside|HasProperty|a country
desk|cabinet|IsA|furniture
condiments|refrigerator|HasProperty|used for meals
continent|country|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
den|cupboard|HasA|door
restaurant|garage|CapableOf|cooking
manual|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
driveway|yard|MadeOf|sand
window|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
garage|bed|HasProperty|an animal
bed|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
city|montana|HasProperty|a location
bedroom|bar|IsA|room
shelf|product|IsA|type of shop
furniture|office|MadeOf|wood
bottle|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
california|suburbs|IsA|place
weather|desert|IsA|popular attraction
synagogue|montana|UsedFor|learning
sleep|trouble|IsA|animal
homes|castle|CapableOf|move freely
ocean|chair|IsA|religious card
chair|garage|HasProperty|a household item
store|supermarket|IsA|place to be entertained
condiments|burger|IsA|type of food
field|head|IsA|physical tangible object
picture|mountains|IsA|place
restaurant|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
college|bathroom|IsA|object that can be held
paperwork|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
mouse|boxes|IsA|room in a building
loft|stairs|CapableOf|sleep on it
desk|bed|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
office|store|UsedFor|a holiday
skin|body|IsA|part of a human
punch|suffering|HasA|punish
manual|information|HasProperty|singular
corner|attic|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
street|valley|IsA|building
chicken|pool|IsA|physical item 
closet|basement|CapableOf|part  of a household
ranch|switzerland|MadeOf|country
food|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
stream|bird|IsA|natural thing
supermarket|apartment|IsA|place
garden|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
bathroom|love|IsA|business
trouble|television|IsA|store items
dust|cupboard|MadeOf|food
house|party|IsA|place children play
buildings|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
corner|fingernails|HasA|wheels
home|apartment|HasProperty|able to be entered
anxiety|humiliation|IsA|emotion
town|street|HasProperty|a location
restaurant|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
refrigerators|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
theater|electricity|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
building|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
air|tree|PartOf|house
computer|cabinet|UsedFor|storing things inside
movement|exercising|HasProperty|usually fast
dust|windowsill|MadeOf|wood
casino|kitchens|IsA|type of business
air|roof|IsA|animal
class|knowledge|IsA|place for students
supermarket|garden|UsedFor|storage
bicycle|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
refrigerators|jar|HasA|empty space in it
skyscraper|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
house|garage|CapableOf|be lived in
conference|wedding|IsA|house where man live
cupboard|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
manual|car|IsA|product that people buy
kitchen|museum|UsedFor|car repair
warehouse|closet|IsA|structure or building
village|work|AtLocation|in your company
water|street|UsedFor|transportation
table|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
hospital|store|IsA|place to live
program|lamp|UsedFor|work
briefcase|book|HasA|walls
museum|factory|IsA|place
kitchen|bowl|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
city|canada|IsA|object/thing
butterflies|performing|IsA|emotion
summer|glass|IsA|vacation destination
embarrassment|crying|IsA|sad emotion
entertainment|car|HasA|positive connotation
disneyland|beach|HasProperty|hot
desktop|windowsill|IsA|person
woods|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
desert|seattle|MadeOf|sand
california|australia|IsA|proper noun
cheese|cup|IsA|location or room
stamps|movie|IsA|dish
hotel|building|IsA|place to live
bottle|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
building|office|UsedFor|reading
outdoors|building|IsA|place people work and live
glass|dishes|IsA|furniture
product|lasagna|IsA|place
church|bedroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
church|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
oven|condiments|HasA|store edible items
park|doctor|IsA|country
apartment|museum|UsedFor|car repair
hospital|desk|IsA|study room
chocolate|hotel|IsA|event
refrigerator|bowl|CapableOf| be moved
cat|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
house|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
discovery|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
club|game|IsA|place people can meet
bedroom|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
sunshine|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
suburb|city|IsA|rural region
excavation|egypt|IsA|country
snore|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
boredom|headache|CapableOf|be physically touched
shoes|car|AtLocation|on the map
crying|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
homes|church|UsedFor|a gathering of people
trauma|remembering|IsA|negative thing
peanuts|answer|UsedFor|containing objects
cabinet|basement|HasA|door
drugstore|airplane|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
windowsill|roof|HasA|head
embarrassment|laughter|IsA|reaction
action|church|CapableOf|keeping cash
moon|sun|AtLocation|at a home
mess|house|HasProperty|a type of building
carrots|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
cupboard|desk|IsA|furniture
field|safe|IsA|physical tangible object
desktop|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
freeway|maze|HasA|beds
dust|paint|UsedFor|storage
computer|table|IsA|room
cabinet|library|CapableOf|be worn
boat|wall|MadeOf|wood
montana|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
pot|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
jar|front|IsA|reply to a question
nature|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
silverware|sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
gentleman|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
roof|beach|CapableOf|fly
greenhouse|windowsill|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
warehouse|garage|AtLocation|within a building's structure
anthology|flowers|UsedFor|storing items
wall|bathroom|IsA|public place
country|africa|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
war|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
cave|school|UsedFor|reading books
synagogue|chair|UsedFor|praying
bed|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
silverware|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
yard|office|AtLocation|on a map
dinner|plate|IsA|furniture
stupid|entertainment|IsA|n emotion
church|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
classroom|demonstration|IsA|pencil
desk|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
arizona|utah|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
movies|hotel|IsA|part of the body
food|box|IsA|part of the body
home|teapot|AtLocation|in the united states
playground|mountain|HasA|city inside
refrigerator|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
classroom|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
glass|window|IsA|furniture 
montana|body|IsA|part of a human
anger|tears|HasA|punish
locker|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
hallway|kitchen|IsA|room in a property
building|synagogue|AtLocation|at a house
pocket|street|UsedFor|living
bag|trash|IsA|structure or building
city|neighborhood|HasProperty|a country
exhaustion|boredom|MadeOf|nature
entertaining|laughter|IsA|activity
refrigerator|room|CapableOf|be entered
door|table|MadeOf|wood
pocket|store|IsA|place where students learn
apartment|wall|IsA|ceremony
car|house|MadeOf|wood
garden|michigan|CapableOf|be made with bricks
money|wallet|UsedFor|living
coffee|backpack|MadeOf|wood
desktop|glass|HasProperty|edible
snow|glass|HasProperty|hot
table|pantry|HasProperty|used for meals
suffering|happiness|UsedFor|punish
passageway|office|UsedFor|a holiday
suburb|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
tent|church|HasProperty|part of a human
connection|hospital|IsA|business
house|room|HasA|usually have people inside
mountain|picture|IsA|location
butterflies|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
house|cellar|IsA|room
greenhouse|plants|AtLocation|inside a home
exchange|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
attic|floor|IsA|place
water|sun|IsA|car
refrigerator|cellar|IsA|food
churchyard|office|AtLocation|on a map
garage|bar|IsA|room in a property
outside|fox|PartOf|natural scenario
windowsill|mountain|CapableOf|fly
ocean|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
wilderness|bay|HasProperty|human made
roof|field|IsA|natural or man made
workplace|church|IsA|place where you can visit
museum|library|CapableOf|be worn
supermarket|town|UsedFor|learning
meeting|telegram|IsA|something kept a home
class|game|IsA|place people can meet
garage|warehouse|PartOf|house
sink|moon|CapableOf|can you drink it
effort|exercise|AtLocation|on the body
table|museum|IsA|place to store items
restaurant|trash|IsA|furniture
television|junk|IsA|store items
countryside|driveway|HasProperty|a location
apartment|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
restaurant|ocean|AtLocation|as part of a house
restaurant|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
concert|synagogue|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
manual|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
neighborhood|city|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
house|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
attic|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
roadway|china|MadeOf|sand
chair|snore|HasProperty|an animal
garage|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
park|food|IsA|event
entertainment|car|IsA|n emotion
ocean|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
apartment|garage|IsA|room in a property
university|information|HasProperty|related to studying
television|newspaper|HasProperty|a solid item 
home|groceries|HasA|door
airport|airplane|PartOf|house 
refrigerator|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
inside|wood|IsA|place or location
sleeping|sweat|IsA|feeling
countryside|forest|HasA|walls
map|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
connection|newspaper|HasA|use electricity
nest|store|IsA|living thing
ceiling|wall|CapableOf|show you time
field|cupboard|HasA|edible items for sale
desert|wilderness|IsA|country
library|market|IsA|type /part of building
rosebush|cooking|IsA|us state
store|ocean|UsedFor|reading books
heaven|synagogue|IsA|mental place
entertaining|listening|IsA|activity
moss|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
pot|pantry|IsA|type of business
nostalgia|problems|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
shelf|demonstration|HasProperty|used at meal time
conference|synagogue|IsA|place or location
university|water|PartOf|house
cupboard|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
montana|theater|IsA|house where man live
stress|fight|IsA|positive card
wilderness|seaside|IsA|place
doorway|homes|PartOf|house 
disneyland|desert|IsA|geographic location
shelf|apartment|IsA|furniture 
roof|beach|IsA|living thing
cage|australia|IsA|animal
country|control|IsA|object/thing
bathroom|forest|IsA|living/once living
opera|tent|IsA|house where man live
ground|park|PartOf|glass
plants|ocean|PartOf|house
shelf|table|IsA|place or location
building|kitchen|AtLocation|in your room
garage|museum|IsA|place to store items
drawer|trunk|IsA|1 syllable word
food|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
newspaper|clock|AtLocation|library
roof|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
grape|horse|AtLocation|on a wall
mountains|countryside|IsA|place you can live
backpack|classroom|IsA|building
building|pond|CapableOf|be man made
refrigerator|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
church|university|HasA|person stood at the front
suburb|town|AtLocation|inside a house
television|radio|IsA|electronic device
bedroom|airport|HasProperty|able to be entered
manual|party|IsA|product that people buy
town|countryside|HasA|buildings in it
outside|wall|IsA|room
stamps|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
tears|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
anthology|vase|IsA|something kept at home
airport|porch|UsedFor|cooking
windowsill|moon|IsA|vacation destination
pond|canada|AtLocation|outside
valley|fish|HasProperty|human made
theater|wedding|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
passageway|office|IsA|place to live
montana|town|IsA|place where you can live
box|bowl|CapableOf|be eaten
park|television|IsA|part of the body
house|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
pantry|bottle|AtLocation|in a kitchen
portfolio|paper|UsedFor|writing in
exercise|stretch|CapableOf|cause injury
supermarket|store|CapableOf| be moved
encyclopedia|information|HasProperty|a meal
canada|beaver|IsA|american state
earth|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
cave|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
food|discovery|CapableOf|fly
knowledge|encyclopedia|IsA|place for students
trash|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
school|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
lightning|cut|CapableOf|fly
minnesota|town|IsA|business that serves food
playground|countryside|AtLocation|outside
building|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
teaching|anger|HasA|ltr p
opera|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
water|street|AtLocation|at a home
trees|backyard|HasA|walls
shock|problems|IsA|something a baby could have
plate|backpack|IsA|place
ceiling|sky|AtLocation|above the ground
table|clothing|CapableOf|store
bedroom|glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
work|table|MadeOf|paper
instruction|knowledge|IsA|emotion
fun|discomfort|IsA|n emotion
sink|glass|IsA|physical item 
trauma|money|IsA|negative thing
street|closet|IsA|place
backyard|ballpark|IsA|place or location
dinner|restaurants|UsedFor|eating or drinking
school|library|UsedFor|washing
house|montana|IsA|residential area
sleep|crying|IsA|negative feeling
laughter|communication|IsA|activity
town|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
car|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
nature|drawer|IsA|store items
hallway|bedroom|UsedFor|car repair
class|information|UsedFor|studying
pizza|sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
inside|notebook|IsA|building
restaurant|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
pantry|window|IsA|furniture
hairbrush|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
school|church|HasA|usually have people inside
bubblegum|change|CapableOf|keeping cash
woods|sky|IsA|1 syllable word
money|controversy|IsA|positive thing
opera|theater|IsA|place
pantry|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
library|school|UsedFor|children to study
class|color|IsA|part media
party|bedroom|IsA|building
container|teacher|IsA|piece of furniture
hole|lemur|UsedFor|food
hole|heaven|UsedFor|food
garage|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
valley|creek|IsA|natural thing
heaven|bathroom|UsedFor|travel
container|cupboard|CapableOf|be eaten
wisconsin|wilderness|CapableOf|be walked on
suburbs|city|UsedFor|transportation
supermarket|theater|HasProperty|an event
neighborhood|montana|IsA|residential area
satisfaction|working|IsA|negative emotion
boxes|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
restaurant|cellar|IsA|food
reflection|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
ground|outside|AtLocation|inside
classroom|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
utensils|house|MadeOf|food
human|band|PartOf|man body
bar|house|HasA|usually have people inside
injury|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
box|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
floor|books|IsA|furniture 
medium|glass|UsedFor|transportation
california|canada|PartOf|house
forest|california|IsA|place
shelf|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
learning|listening|IsA|something considered as positive
country|control|CapableOf|place
injury|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
paper|briefcase|IsA|building
water|basement|HasProperty|white
sailboat|ocean|AtLocation|with water
book|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
australia|california|IsA|place
balloon|party|IsA|product that people buy
answer|universe|HasProperty|related to children
trash|desk|IsA|1 syllable word
porch|doctor|IsA|physical item 
meeting|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
cellar|mouse|IsA|room in a building
carpet|frogs|IsA|place you can go
newspaper|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
park|table|AtLocation|inside a house
trunk|shelf|MadeOf|wood
town|countryside|IsA|place where you can live
jail|workplace|IsA|person
casino|action|UsedFor|living
auditorium|conference|IsA|n item of furniture
apartment|circus|IsA|place or location
corner|bedroom|IsA|building
town|countryside|MadeOf|sand
television|mouth|IsA|object
stuff|utensils|IsA|place
carpet|floor|IsA|home appliance
street|trash|UsedFor|playing
conference|wedding|HasProperty|an event
opera|germany|PartOf|building
desk|box|MadeOf|plastic
countryside|neighborhood|IsA|state
closet|street|IsA|place to pray
museum|office|UsedFor|communication
warehouse|michigan|UsedFor|generating products or plants
rug|store|UsedFor|decoration
cupboard|oven|MadeOf|metal
rosebush|dog|IsA|outdoor area
closet|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
trunk|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
birds|airport|AtLocation|on a map
carpet|windowsill|AtLocation|in your home
teaching|confusion|HasA|ltr p
table|case|IsA|dish
closet|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
seattle|forest|IsA|type of land
plants|vase|UsedFor|at home
desk|cabinet|MadeOf|plastic
inside|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
homes|home|HasProperty|plural
trunk|car|IsA|1 syllable word
moon|nature|IsA|car
restaurant|building|HasA|walls
park|workplace|IsA|place
wings|detroit|PartOf|house 
party|jail|CapableOf|be closed
carpet|dust|HasProperty|found inside a house
synagogue|chair|IsA|place of religion
trouble|nature|PartOf|house
airport|company|AtLocation|library
loft|stairs|IsA|type of building
garage|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
bridge|road|UsedFor|driving on or over
pride|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
box|supermarket|IsA|event
montana|people|IsA|n item of furniture
supermarket|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
bearing|landfill|UsedFor|playing
university|color|IsA|part media
california|alabama|IsA|us state
hope|universe|HasProperty|found in the house
park|town|IsA|nation
death|nightmares|CapableOf|hurt
conference|town|IsA|social event
store|nest|IsA|living thing
windowsill|ground|IsA|place
lamp|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
control|trouble|CapableOf|make you do something
container|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
imagination|chair|UsedFor|praying
backyard|beach|IsA|place people work and live
bank|australia|UsedFor|cooking
shower|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
desktop|glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
doctor|library|CapableOf|provide a service
city|china|HasA|buildings in it
field|store|IsA|sweet or savory
ground|park|IsA|part of nature
concert|office|IsA|object that can be held
magazine|floor|CapableOf|store
suburbs|neighborhood|IsA|residential area
garage|building|UsedFor|generating products or plants
dinner|clouds|IsA|product that people buy
anger|happiness|HasA|punish
bathroom|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
money|remembering|HasProperty|typically positive
dust|car|UsedFor|to keep items
mouse|garage|IsA|furniture
drawer|attic|IsA|place
fish|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
car|dinner|IsA|made of wood
film|stamps|UsedFor|storage
information|lawn|IsA|something kept a home
birds|airport|PartOf|house 
michigan|nest|HasProperty|man-made
refrigerator|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
building|garden|IsA|nation
floor|trunk|IsA|1 syllable word
window|dishes|IsA|furniture
bank|hole|AtLocation|in home
garage|factory|CapableOf|have people living there
outdoors|valley|HasProperty|2 syllables
park|countryside|IsA|part of nature
bar|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
yard|valley|AtLocation|on a map
demonstration|mouth|PartOf|body
house|ocean|MadeOf|organic material
mouth|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
kitchen|bed|IsA|building
cupboard|porch|CapableOf|storing food
subdivision|suburbs|IsA|state
kitchen|refrigerators|HasProperty|used for meals
church|opera|IsA|place
trauma|sorrow|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
america|seaside|IsA|place
pantry|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
newspaper|head|IsA|physical tangible object
toilet|house|HasProperty|a room
cat|furniture|PartOf|house
lamp|opera|UsedFor|worship
cupboard|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
party|house|IsA|product that people buy
picture|himalayas|MadeOf|rocks
food|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
cage|mountain|CapableOf|fly
wall|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
anger|happiness|IsA|feeling or emotion
can|groceries|UsedFor|storing things in
pocket|jar|UsedFor|writing
newspaper|books|AtLocation|in a store
lamp|couch|MadeOf|wood
newspaper|china|MadeOf|sand
excitement|tears|IsA|physical emotion
cabinet|pocket|IsA|piece of furniture
corporation|country|HasA|movie
room|air|UsedFor|driving
mexico|colorado|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
sorrow|crying|IsA|negative thing
pool|car|IsA|physical item 
freeway|city|IsA|proper noun
table|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
bedroom|library|IsA|type /part of building
wallet|stamps|IsA|dish
pool|soup|IsA|physical item 
jar|key|HasA|function
house|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
stamps|coffee|IsA|furniture
clothes|floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
computer|city|IsA|country or state
house|party|IsA|study room
house|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
cupboard|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
pantry|plate|AtLocation|in a house
passageway|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
knowledge|crying|IsA|feeling/emotion
closet|mess|IsA|building
car|garage|IsA|physical item 
garage|home|HasProperty|where someone can live
yard|building|UsedFor|swimming
bathroom|apartment|HasProperty|alive
home|ground|IsA|type of tree
shed|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
encyclopedia|library|HasA|screen
countryside|store|CapableOf|fly
hotel|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
performing|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
university|concert|CapableOf|have people  inside
desk|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
pleasure|dream|IsA|emotion
bed|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
weather|rain|IsA|type of land
dream|sleep|MadeOf|wood
lightning|butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
dust|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
books|pantry|IsA|furniture
home|bathroom|CapableOf|be moved around
town|world|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
church|bar|IsA|country
car|party|HasProperty|a building structure
computer|desktop|HasProperty|used for learning
park|house|HasA|head
air|plants|MadeOf|natural materials
floor|drawer|UsedFor|reading
suburbs|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
body|opera|IsA|house where man live
wallet|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
pocket|conference|IsA|school supply
house|office|AtLocation|with water
hospital|connection|HasA|airplanes
mouse|house|HasProperty|found below ground level
supermarket|town|UsedFor|camping
jar|action|IsA|place you can visit
church|casino|UsedFor|living
california|park|UsedFor|work
stuff|coffee|IsA|place
desk|beach|UsedFor|serving food
hospital|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
church|couch|MadeOf|wood
discovery|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
bed|wood|IsA|place or location
party|corner|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
vase|plants|UsedFor|at home
country|trouble|HasProperty|powerful
rock|ground|MadeOf|wood
casino|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
playground|outside|MadeOf|plastic
closet|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
house|closet|UsedFor|to keep items
plants|windowsill|IsA|place
restaurant|television|HasProperty|a room
party|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
love|fun|IsA|physical emotion
pool|chicken|IsA|physical item 
forest|mountains|HasProperty|part of your  house
fish|aquarium|IsA|place that humans can swim
disneyland|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
pot|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
television|color|HasProperty|a meal
desk|monastery|UsedFor|praying
case|plate|IsA|furniture
boxes|trash|UsedFor|storing physical things
refrigerator|cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
skin|opera|IsA|part of a human
america|australia|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
can|pot|IsA|type of business
michigan|maine|AtLocation|on a map
chair|garage|PartOf|house
churchyard|hallway|AtLocation|on a map
trees|backyard|CapableOf|be part of a house
room|auditorium|HasA|usually have people inside
desert|glass|IsA|vacation destination
school|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
church|school|UsedFor|free
kitchen|market|IsA|type /part of building
movement|exercise|HasProperty|usually fast
depression|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
thinking|field|IsA|part media
funeral|trunk|IsA|room in a home
town|classroom|UsedFor|putting on a show
store|closet|IsA|place to live
office|museum|IsA|building
restaurant|bowl|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
supermarket|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
window|wall|IsA|ceremony
beach|building|IsA|nation
skin|theater|IsA|part of a human
encyclopedia|knowledge|HasProperty|related to studying
valley|aquarium|HasA|water
shed|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
shelf|anthology|IsA|art-related item
birds|sky|HasProperty|man made
canada|trees|AtLocation|outside
dishes|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
countryside|lake|IsA|place
boat|floor|HasProperty|furniture in a house
river|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
theater|synagogue|IsA|commercial browser
school|closet|UsedFor|reading books
office|nails|IsA|piece of furniture
house|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
apartment|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
boredom|allergies|CapableOf|be physically touched
party|machine|UsedFor|storing things inside
desktop|telephone|AtLocation|in the living room
corner|hospital|IsA|study room
basement|attic|IsA|room in a building
soup|water|UsedFor|eating or drinking
office|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
conference|supermarket|HasProperty|a gathering place
refrigerator|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
backpack|nails|UsedFor|writing
university|car|PartOf|house
birds|contemplating|IsA|colorful
bar|can|HasProperty|a beverage
cupboard|silverware|HasA|edible items for sale
university|room|AtLocation|within a building's structure
city|montana|UsedFor|digging 
canada|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
table|carpet|IsA|type of room
park|ground|PartOf|glass
forest|mountain|IsA|living thing
antarctica|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
classroom|theater|MadeOf|wood
orbit|vacuum|PartOf|wood
michigan|utah|HasA|border with an ocean
russia|field|UsedFor|cooking
dishwasher|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
monastery|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
action|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
apartment|cabinet|IsA|dish
antarctica|shelf|UsedFor|storage
city|government|AtLocation|on map
roof|desktop|UsedFor|storage
cut|butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
australia|russia|UsedFor|food
india|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
notebook|paper|HasProperty|sold in stores
demonstration|apartment|IsA|another word for show
theater|casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
theater|key|UsedFor|living
chair|garbage|AtLocation|in home
concert|disneyland|HasA|ticket box usually
stadium|school|HasA|pool
fleas|dog|HasA|animal
hallway|apartment|UsedFor|urination
california|apartment|IsA|type of tree
effort|exercising|AtLocation|on the body
table|tree|IsA|place or location
town|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
aquarium|ocean|HasA|water
bedroom|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
garage|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
refrigerator|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
glass|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
switzerland|antarctica|UsedFor| housing animals
garage|attic|HasProperty|used for cooking in
skin|theater|IsA|place
theater|concert|UsedFor|live performances
attic|kitchen|IsA|room
ceiling|bedroom|HasA|legs
stove|jar|HasA|empty space in it
plants|park|HasA|green plant
park|building|IsA|country
roof|classroom|AtLocation|in your room
love|agreement|IsA|reaction
beer|shelf|HasA|plug or power source
agreement|love|IsA|physical emotion
airport|library|IsA|type /part of building
sink|soup|IsA|physical item 
wilderness|kitchen|IsA|place or location to visit
desk|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
television|telephone|IsA|n electronic device
freeway|highway|AtLocation|on a map
roof|ground|HasProperty|found in a home
cup|refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
cat|floor|IsA|store items
people|town|HasA|ticket box usually
street|china|HasProperty|a location
information|color|HasProperty|a meal
dishwasher|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
america|prison|IsA|place
university|home|CapableOf|have people  inside
car|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
rock|train|IsA|place you can live
air|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
arguments|allergies|MadeOf|nature
shelf|wall|AtLocation|indoors
shelf|desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
furniture|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
desktop|newspaper|AtLocation|library
briefcase|teacher|IsA|piece of furniture
park|plants|MadeOf|natural materials
windowsill|ground|PartOf|body
closet|table|UsedFor|indoor activities
basement|ground|HasProperty|white
pantry|closet|IsA|type of business
trees|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
city|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
working|anger|IsA|negative emotion
hotel|toilet|IsA|place of learning
countryside|trees|PartOf|nature
apartment|conference|UsedFor| gathering together
countryside|city|IsA|place
neighborhood|city|CapableOf|be parked on
kitchen|refrigerators|UsedFor|storing edible things
carnival|supermarket|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
communication|tears|IsA|verb
lamp|building|IsA|place to live
carrots|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
basement|attic|UsedFor|mainly sleep
refrigerator|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
trunk|pot|IsA|type of business
wallet|casino|UsedFor|living
attic|garage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
wood|basement|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
table|closet|MadeOf|food
people|body|IsA|place
montana|china|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
floor|dishes|IsA|furniture 
detroit|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
theater|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
mexico|arizona|AtLocation|labeled on a map
cabinet|jar|IsA|location
cupboard|garage|UsedFor|keeping books
briefcase|cabinet|HasA|walls
program|desktop|UsedFor|work
favors|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
telegram|library|IsA|something kept a home
outside|school|UsedFor|sport
opera|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
floor|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
factory|workplace|IsA|type of building
conference|store|IsA|place where students learn
cut|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
hospital|animals|PartOf|the human body
woods|wilderness|MadeOf|trees
cup|refrigerators|IsA|  place
mouse|boxes|IsA|room
injury|action|CapableOf|tell stories
floor|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
thinking|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
outdoors|jungle|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
case|stuff|UsedFor|eating food off
bed|floor|UsedFor|cooling
hole|cage|UsedFor|holding animals
farm|town|HasA|large population
furniture|funeral|MadeOf|wood
house|kitchen|HasProperty|in or is a building
convention|opera|IsA|social event
dishwasher|drawer|HasProperty|furniture
school|apartment|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
table|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
shop|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
roof|loft|AtLocation|in your room
tears|excitement|IsA|verb
garden|building|HasA|properties of any kind
electricity|couch|UsedFor|work
magazine|porch|CapableOf|store
maze|cave|IsA|business
library|television|MadeOf|meet
pride|food|CapableOf|fly
cleanliness|arguments|MadeOf|pause
detroit|human|PartOf|house 
synagogue|earth|HasProperty|part of a human
ocean|heaven|UsedFor|praying
box|funeral|IsA|part of the body
garden|pond|AtLocation|outside
tennessee|california|IsA|state in uk
conference|office|IsA|school supply
garage|building|IsA|human or part of human
store|countryside|IsA|living thing
desktop|pocket|IsA|building
floor|table|UsedFor|reading
dust|ground|AtLocation|on the floor
trees|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
neighborhood|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
countryside|nature|IsA|1 syllable word
freeway|street|UsedFor|car travel
unemployment|humans|IsA|drink
manual|dictionary|IsA|book
kitchen|porch|HasProperty|easily movable
computer|hospital|IsA|study room
knowledge|dream|IsA|negative feeling
bridge|aquarium|HasProperty|human made
hotel|restaurant|IsA|place
nature|bed|AtLocation|in home
television|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
table|library|IsA|building
food|kitchen|CapableOf|store things
air|sky|IsA|part of nature
office|classroom|UsedFor|reading
desires|sleeping|CapableOf|hurt
office|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
backyard|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
potatoes|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
passageway|hotel|IsA|public place
bar|trunk|IsA|type of business
anger|stress|IsA|negative feeling or expression
supermarket|wedding|HasProperty|alive
sun|trouble|HasProperty|powerful
refrigerator|pantry|HasA|store edible items
vaccines|sleeping|AtLocation|usually in a bed
corner|attic|IsA|place for clothes
headache|joy|MadeOf|pause
basement|cellar|PartOf|house
microwave|case|IsA|something found in a household
movie|film|UsedFor|storage
desert|beaver|UsedFor|digging 
village|ground|HasProperty|in a cold climate
conference|opera|IsA|part of a human
pot|can|IsA|type of business
dust|television|IsA|place for clothes
bar|michigan|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
excitement|satisfaction|IsA|mental state
doctor|friends|UsedFor|furniture
refrigerator|pot|IsA|furniture
dishes|window|IsA|furniture
woods|computer|IsA|room in a property
bowl|drawer|IsA|something found in a household
rug|box|UsedFor|indoor activities
street|trees|AtLocation|outside
apartment|conference|HasProperty|alive
toilet|apartment|UsedFor|car repair
hospital|hotel|IsA|building
universe|answer|HasProperty|related to children
apartment|restaurant|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|program|MadeOf|wood
basement|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
stomach|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
knowledge|color|IsA|part media
color|field|HasProperty|related to studying
passageway|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
junk|cat|HasProperty|a household item
dog|bed|AtLocation|inside a house
table|sink|HasProperty|furniture
wisconsin|fish|HasA|water
carpet|corner|IsA|place you can go
hairbrush|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
bathroom|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
supermarket|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
pantry|cupboard|AtLocation|in a kitchen
chair|shelf|IsA|necessity for education
bar|refrigerator|PartOf|food and drink
paper|notebook|IsA|building
cabinet|pantry|HasA|door
reflection|lightning|IsA|colorful
box|table|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
desk|porch|UsedFor|work
cup|party|AtLocation|on the map
forest|town|HasA|walls
thinking|knowledge|HasA|screen
demonstration|rug|IsA|type /part of building
supermarket|store|IsA|location
synagogue|floor|IsA|place or location
computer|television|IsA|room in a property
hole|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
garage|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
hallway|valley|AtLocation|on a map
california|florida|IsA|place
countryside|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
food|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
pride|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
countryside|desert|HasProperty|a location
restaurant|movie|IsA|dish
drawer|window|IsA|furniture 
store|bowl|UsedFor|storage
jar|conference|IsA|place where students learn
refrigerators|shop|CapableOf|cook
greenhouse|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
attic|factory|MadeOf|water
safe|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
soup|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
conference|convention|IsA|house where man live
disneyland|microwave|UsedFor|storage
aggression|anger|IsA|positive card
cabinet|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
tears|favors|IsA|emotion
jar|plate|HasA|empty space in it
color|field|PartOf|the human body
desert|rain|IsA|popular attraction
school|college|HasA|pool
refrigerator|dust|CapableOf|contain multiple people
heaven|cage|IsA|country
library|telephone|IsA|building
house|cellar|IsA|room in a building
bedroom|museum|UsedFor|car repair
backpack|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
garden|house|CapableOf|laugh
pain|sorrow|IsA|negative thing
fish|country|HasA|water
regret|joy|IsA|action
apartment|sink|HasProperty|furniture
papers|desktop|CapableOf|opened or closed
cabinet|house|IsA|room (type)
workplace|church|HasProperty|child friendly
museum|garage|UsedFor|storing things inside
tennessee|barnyard|IsA|animal
cup|food|CapableOf|store things
boat|aquarium|HasProperty|human made
shoes|party|AtLocation|inside a house
museum|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
home|outside|UsedFor|cooking food
dishwasher|cabinet|IsA|dish
show|battle|UsedFor|to get a degree
trouble|city|IsA|weather
mexico|yard|IsA|country
action|injury|IsA|emotion
cup|refrigerator|HasA|empty space in it
fight|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
garage|church|HasA|fee to visit
closet|tile|IsA|building
apartment|disneyland|IsA|something found in a household
country|army|CapableOf|make you do something
snore|sleep|IsA|store items
potatoes|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
chair|trunk|HasProperty|easily movable
confusion|germany|IsA|action
basement|room|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
car|discomfort|IsA|emotion
bearing|street|UsedFor|farmers 
television|trouble|IsA|place
skyscraper|village|IsA|country or state
movie|table|IsA|piece of furniture
closet|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
action|pocket|HasA|function
cage|lemur|UsedFor|cooking
boat|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
yard|store|HasProperty|man made
town|trees|HasA|walls
notebook|desktop|HasA|walls
carrots|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
summer|sea|HasProperty|hot
dreams|sleeping|PartOf|human body
basement|garage|HasProperty|a place where people sing
mexico|town|IsA|place people work and live
valley|desert|IsA|1 syllable word
potatoes|field|CapableOf|be sweet
park|montana|IsA|place or location
country|president|IsA|book
dust|clothing|MadeOf|food
park|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
liquid|peanuts|UsedFor|storage
thinking|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
exhaustion|joy|MadeOf|pause
convention|conference|IsA|commercial browser
butterflies|anxiety|IsA|colorful
jar|mouth|IsA|place
building|church|IsA|type of room
canada|government|IsA|concept or place
box|families|IsA|place
dishes|books|HasProperty|furniture
party|alcohol|IsA|product that people buy
hospital|hotel|IsA|public place
garden|roof|CapableOf|laugh
kitchen|library|IsA|type /part of building
school|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
people|church|HasProperty|part of a human
supermarket|store|IsA|place to be entertained
table|backpack|HasProperty|an object
park|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
birds|discovery|IsA|colorful
excitement|laughter|IsA|verb
town|apartment|UsedFor|putting on a show
yard|roadway|IsA|state
purse|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
trees|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
excitement|satisfaction|IsA|action
tears|punch|HasA|punish
outside|mouse|HasProperty|found below ground level
town|countryside|IsA|state
head|meeting|IsA|place to study
wall|gate|IsA|public place
television|nature|PartOf|house
heaven|wings|PartOf|house 
bowl|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
pride|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
stove|oven|CapableOf|cook things
city|lights|UsedFor|music
room|water|IsA|place to pray
jail|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
rock|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
desktop|locker|UsedFor|storage
ground|closet|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
australia|india|IsA|proper noun
hospital|house|HasA|airplanes
pennsylvania|canada|HasProperty|located in europe
encyclopedia|field|IsA|part media
landfill|ground|HasA|opening or door
airplane|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
church|montana|IsA|place
table|cupboard|IsA|furniture
class|university|HasProperty|a meal
shed|closet|AtLocation|within a building's structure
room|supermarket|CapableOf|be entered
park|desk|IsA|building
church|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
remembering|sleep|IsA|emotion
snore|junk|AtLocation|in home
suburbs|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
laughter|fulfillment|IsA|emotion
dictionary|pocket|CapableOf|be used virtually 
tennessee|mountains|IsA|state in uk
table|wallet|IsA|dish
conference|imagination|IsA|religious card
restaurant|town|IsA|nation
stove|table|HasA|store edible items
spoon|home|IsA|type of room
plate|oven|HasProperty|used for meals
discovery|understanding|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
satisfaction|fun|IsA|verb
cage|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
thinking|field|HasA|screen
supermarket|groceries|HasA|ceiling
town|yard|IsA|nature-related
convention|wedding|HasProperty|an event
california|apartment|AtLocation|in the united states
mess|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
drugstore|hairbrush|IsA|place to sleep
apartment|convention|IsA|social event
humiliation|happiness|IsA|emotion
desktop|garage|CapableOf|be found in a house
television|nature|HasProperty|a household item
library|university|HasA|screen
carpet|restaurant|AtLocation|at a famous university
building|countryside|AtLocation|outside
smiles|excitement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
favors|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
park|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
bathroom|groceries|HasA|roof
soup|medium|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
bedroom|corner|IsA|n electronic device
porch|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
michigan|storage|CapableOf|work
pond|mountains|IsA|living/once living
prison|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
shelf|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
india|desert|IsA|animal
meeting|field|HasProperty|a meal
garage|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
park|arguments|CapableOf|happiness
room|floor|MadeOf|living parts
street|rock|IsA|natural product or man made
notes|notebook|UsedFor|happiness
closet|garden|HasA|wheels
discovery|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
shelf|ceiling|AtLocation|library
jail|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
salad|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
human|bathroom|IsA|building
garage|automobile|UsedFor|car travel
church|body|IsA|part of a human
street|river|UsedFor|eating or drinking
jail|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
chicken|garage|IsA|physical item 
california|indiana|UsedFor|work
shop|airport|UsedFor|cooling
silverware|pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
thinking|reflection|IsA|colorful
groceries|cupboard|HasA|door
disneyland|apartment|HasProperty|found in the garden
newspaper|manual|MadeOf|meet
office|television|AtLocation|in the living room
encyclopedia|meeting|IsA|place for students
building|warehouse|UsedFor|generating products or plants
universe|jar|AtLocation|public area
box|fun|IsA|place
ground|greenhouse|PartOf|glass
michigan|trash|IsA|furniture
shelf|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
water|ocean|HasProperty|a building
apartment|theater|CapableOf|float
jail|park|IsA|place
company|love|AtLocation|library
silverware|cupboard|UsedFor|washing or cooking
forest|park|UsedFor|swimming
greenhouse|windowsill|PartOf|glass
michigan|stamps|IsA|furniture
basement|warehouse|CapableOf|be used for storage
body|people|IsA|place
bar|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
garage|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
countryside|yard|IsA|state
floor|bedroom|AtLocation|above the ground
passageway|library|UsedFor|reading books
house|woods|HasA|usually have people inside
store|funeral|IsA|room in a home
internet|library|AtLocation|on a shelf
house|jail|CapableOf|be closed
store|nails|UsedFor|carrying things
sink|apartment|IsA|furniture
convention|supermarket|IsA|place
home|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
sink|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
city|barnyard|UsedFor| housing animals
windowsill|garage|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
classroom|apartment|UsedFor|packing things inside
pantry|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
conference|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
computer|office|IsA|building
france|wilderness|IsA|place
computer|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
house|store|HasProperty|an object
pride|birds|IsA|emotion
magazine|table|CapableOf|provide a service
factory|garage|UsedFor|storing stuffs
safe|thinking|UsedFor|studying
office|table|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
seaside|beaver|CapableOf|be read
body|montana|HasProperty|an event
dishwasher|bowl|IsA|furniture
carrots|salad|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
valley|river|IsA|man made
building|library|UsedFor|a holiday
sleep|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
bedroom|building|IsA|physical and movable item
change|casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
warehouse|storage|CapableOf|be made with bricks
internet|conference|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
wedding|bed|IsA|place or location
church|imagination|IsA|place of religion
classroom|office|IsA|school supply
celebrating|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
action|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
clothing|backpack|HasProperty|an object
ocean|aquarium|HasA|3 letters
encyclopedia|newspaper|HasA|screen
china|city|IsA|place where you can live
countryside|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
entertainment|train|UsedFor|overnight stays
jar|pantry|UsedFor|storage 
fun|enjoyment|IsA|verb
wedding|church|IsA|part of a human
hospital|garage|HasA|exterior walls
washington|farmyard|IsA|location
control|government|HasProperty|powerful
attic|cat|IsA|place
attic|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
dance|class|CapableOf|be heard
book|field|HasProperty|a meal
bedroom|shelf|HasProperty|edible
pantry|glass|CapableOf|be used for school
pond|sea|HasA|water
windowsill|roof|CapableOf|laugh
discovery|injury|IsA|emotion
seaside|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
theater|street|IsA|place you can visit
passageway|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
jar|church|CapableOf|keeping cash
ocean|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of building
rock|trees|IsA|man made thing
ocean|pond|HasProperty|human made
passageway|airport|IsA|item of clothing
action|performing|CapableOf|cause pain
floor|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
car|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
countryside|forest|UsedFor|swimming
tears|smiles|IsA|activity
drawer|floor|UsedFor|reading
cupboard|corner|IsA|place to store items
war|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
nature|street|IsA|car
game|europe|IsA|place people can meet
plate|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
trash|pot|CapableOf|be used with a computer
bee|bird|CapableOf|fly
peanuts|building|UsedFor|travel
store|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
puddle|medium|UsedFor|transportation
cupboard|pot|IsA|place to make food
park|families|IsA|event
wings|airplane|PartOf|house 
windowsill|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
street|newspaper|IsA|state
ocean|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
groceries|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
birds|food|IsA|colorful
town|montana|IsA|place you buy food
cabinet|movie|UsedFor|storage
embarrassment|depression|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
synagogue|town|HasProperty|part of a human
table|floor|UsedFor|cooling
shelf|bottle|IsA|type of business
forest|outside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
backyard|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
countryside|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
action|revelations|UsedFor|driving
train|ground|IsA|place you can live
texas|michigan|IsA|us state
television|information|IsA|place for students
mouth|conference|PartOf|body
chair|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
kitchens|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
disneyland|dishwasher|IsA|building
school|court|IsA|in a home
cabinet|stamps|IsA|something found in a household
town|bathroom|IsA|location
classroom|wedding|HasProperty|a gathering place
apartment|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
person|staircase|HasProperty|a room in a building
restaurant|film|IsA|dish
lawn|meeting|IsA|something kept a home
jar|mouth|IsA|object
embarrassment|crying|IsA|negative thing
roadway|desert|HasA|buildings in it
tears|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
death|injuries|IsA|physical outcome
plate|trash|IsA|1 syllable word
dishwasher|case|IsA|form of entertainment
plate|kitchen|CapableOf|be consumed
utensils|michigan|IsA|furniture
product|ground|CapableOf|be touched
headache|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
house|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
pot|garage|IsA|furniture
hotel|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
arctic|street|IsA|type of land
glass|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
outdoors|countryside|HasA|walls
pride|thinking|CapableOf|fly
city|subdivision|IsA|state
classroom|conference|IsA|location
leaves|rock|MadeOf|wood
store|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
food|refrigerators|HasProperty|used for meals
austria|picture|MadeOf|rocks
backpack|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
lamp|office|IsA|building
pond|trees|IsA|country
fight|tension|IsA|positive card
encyclopedia|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
minnesota|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
stomach|bedroom|MadeOf|metal
desktop|stomach|HasProperty|made of wood
nightmares|dreams|HasProperty|related to sleep
convention|skin|IsA|house where man live
briefcase|classroom|UsedFor|reading
lights|barn|UsedFor|travel
water|house|CapableOf|store small items
china|town|MadeOf|sand
park|workplace|IsA|place where you can visit
boat|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
pond|yard|AtLocation|outside
office|theater|UsedFor|reading
classroom|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
basement|sugar|HasProperty|found below ground level
river|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
books|dishes|IsA|furniture
warehouse|michigan|CapableOf|work
windowsill|greenhouse|PartOf|body
workplace|store|AtLocation|indoors
rug|dishwasher|UsedFor|indoor activities
park|town|IsA|place or location
color|book|HasProperty|a meal
internet|library|AtLocation|in a store
nails|table|UsedFor|storage
television|desktop|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
chair|monastery|IsA|mental place
trees|ground|AtLocation|outside
junk|garage|HasProperty|a household item
desk|box|IsA|1 syllable word
food|sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
house|town|UsedFor|transportation
churchyard|skyscraper|AtLocation|in your company
box|cupboard|CapableOf|be eaten
park|circus|IsA|place or location
wisconsin|bridge|HasA|water
kitchen|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
house|library|HasA|pool
garage|person|IsA|sound
desert|beach|IsA|place
battlefield|funeral|PartOf|the human body
factory|storage|AtLocation|in united states
dust|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
choir|television|AtLocation|on/in the human body
food|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
candle|nature|IsA|car
theater|church|IsA|place you can visit
reflection|fear|IsA|colorful
supermarket|convention|IsA|part of a human
trunk|box|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
ocean|park|MadeOf|natural materials
silverware|field|HasA|edible items for sale
utensils|shelf|MadeOf|food
cage|windowsill|MadeOf|trees
home|store|HasProperty|related to eating
market|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
street|freeway|UsedFor|car travel
outside|mouse|IsA|room
safe|automobile|UsedFor|car travel
greenhouse|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
desk|box|UsedFor|eating
museum|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
telephone|television|AtLocation|inside someone's home
basement|bedroom|IsA|room in a house
rug|roof|CapableOf|sleeping
lamp|bedroom|IsA|n electronic device
cabinet|bowl|IsA|location
closet|garage|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
supermarket|town|IsA|event
entertaining|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
desk|party|IsA|study room
house|notebook|HasProperty|material
restaurant|supermarket|HasA|edible items for sale
trunk|house|CapableOf|store a car
house|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
floor|rug|UsedFor|standing on
tree|floor|IsA|place or location
band|battle|PartOf|man body
disneyland|desert|IsA|place
bedroom|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
war|skate|PartOf|building
refrigerator|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
cupboard|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
dishwasher|apartment|UsedFor|storage
sun|disneyland|IsA|place
food|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
notes|meeting|IsA|building
computer|telephone|IsA|n electronic device
attic|snore|IsA|animal
car|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
windowsill|glass|IsA|vacation destination
bowl|table|IsA|something you eat off
skin|convention|IsA|place
tennessee|arkansas|IsA|state in uk
freeway|highway|UsedFor|car travel
locker|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
sink|soup|UsedFor|transportation
thinking|book|IsA|place for students
apartment|theater|UsedFor|reading
town|conference|IsA|place
grape|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
stove|oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
supermarket|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
shelf|table|IsA|furniture 
door|corner|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
house|city|IsA|state
bathroom|house|HasA|roof
street|park|HasProperty|man made
instruction|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
knowledge|remembering|HasProperty|a physical item
attic|michigan|UsedFor|generating products or plants
jar|food|UsedFor|serving dinner
wallet|change|UsedFor|living
fun|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
synagogue|town|IsA|planet
house|toilet|CapableOf|can you drink it
ocean|waterfall|IsA|man made
opera|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
greenhouse|windowsill|HasA|head
humiliation|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
freeway|passageway|HasA|airplanes
pond|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
concert|airport|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
headache|relaxation|IsA|positive state
outdoors|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
cabinet|shelf|IsA|furniture
china|suburbs|HasA|buildings in it
utensils|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
suit|throne|UsedFor|learning
airport|school|IsA|place to live
room|sky|HasProperty|white
defeat|death|IsA|positive card
food|backpack|AtLocation|in a home
theater|town|IsA|commercial browser
utensils|clothes|HasProperty|an object
bar|pantry|IsA|piece of furniture
bread|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
house|hospital|CapableOf|have a street address
airplane|detroit|PartOf|house 
street|montana|IsA|rural region
boat|bridge|HasProperty|human made
drawer|floor|IsA|physical item 
college|classroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
container|backpack|CapableOf|be eaten
freeway|california|IsA|place
container|bowl|IsA|location
book|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
bed|television|HasProperty|an animal
university|church|IsA|object that can be held
party|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
synagogue|supermarket|IsA|event
bus|computer|IsA|country or state
pantry|groceries|CapableOf|be moved around
condiments|food|CapableOf|cook things
sleep|furniture|IsA|place
tile|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
opera|skin|IsA|place
cellar|store|CapableOf|be sweet
wall|funeral|MadeOf|wood
tent|people|IsA|part of a human
doctor|rug|IsA|type /part of building
cut|food|IsA|negative emotion
computer|college|UsedFor|housing
case|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
like|dancing|IsA|verb
clock|ceiling|AtLocation|library
dust|floor|IsA|made of wood
trunk|store|IsA|room in a home
enemies|battle|HasA|physical element
defeat|argument|IsA|positive card
wedding|theater|IsA|location
wisconsin|city|HasProperty|human made
doctor|newspaper|IsA|room or building
pantry|desktop|AtLocation|indoors
dishwasher|wallet|IsA|something you eat off
field|book|IsA|place for students
love|jail|HasProperty|child friendly
valley|nature|MadeOf|trees
tennessee|oklahoma|HasA|start with a
temple|building|AtLocation|in your room
injury|butterflies|HasA|physical appearance
information|thinking|IsA|part media
kitchen|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
bedroom|office|IsA|place
box|store|IsA|living thing
blanket|shoe|AtLocation|inside a house
remembering|inspiration|MadeOf|wood
party|desktop|IsA|building
arctic|rain|PartOf|city
restaurant|television|IsA|part of the body
disneyland|movie|IsA|piece of furniture
store|car|IsA|1 syllable word
supermarket|refrigerator|CapableOf|be opened/closed
cupboard|closet|MadeOf|food
classroom|desktop|CapableOf|be used virtually 
attic|bedroom|IsA|room in a building
garden|park|CapableOf|laugh
suburb|town|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
apartment|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
birds|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
coats|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
basement|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
pond|beach|IsA|nation
people|montana|UsedFor|praying
jail|car|PartOf|food and drink
party|park|AtLocation|on the map
apartment|library|IsA|ceremony
shop|pan|MadeOf|metal
kitchens|table|IsA|type of food
pride|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
computer|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
shelf|drawer|IsA|furniture
drugs|concert|UsedFor|to get a degree
sorrow|depression|IsA|positive thing
junk|chair|IsA|place
bathroom|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
loft|classroom|AtLocation|in your room
swamp|marmoset|AtLocation|below
museum|computer|HasProperty|a room
store|attic|IsA|structure or building
box|jar|IsA|object
shelf|pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
outside|woods|HasProperty|somewhere to go
balloon|alcohol|IsA|product that people buy
bedroom|outside|UsedFor|cooking food
windowsill|door|UsedFor|storage
circus|disneyland|HasA|ticket box usually
nostalgia|money|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
army|government|IsA|place
outdoors|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
roof|house|PartOf|the interior of a building
dreams|vaccines|IsA|feeling
tennessee|oklahoma|IsA|us state
fun|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
ocean|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
church|meeting|AtLocation|in a building
store|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
trees|garden|IsA|country
jar|backpack|CapableOf|be eaten
town|park|UsedFor|children to play
pot|bottle|UsedFor|storing things in
action|reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
salad|grape|IsA|sweet or savory
garden|supermarket|IsA|location
airplane|roof|AtLocation|in your room
newspaper|home|CapableOf|provide a service
ocean|fly|UsedFor|eating or drinking
backpack|paper|IsA|place of learning
montana|theater|IsA|place
excavation|montana|IsA|country
bread|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
hospital|building|UsedFor|a holiday
house|park|HasProperty|a place you can work
corner|closet|IsA|place in a house
garage|motel|IsA|building
person|confusion|PartOf|building
countryside|newspaper|IsA|residential area
monastery|synagogue|IsA|mental place
tent|theater|HasProperty|an event
drawer|shop|CapableOf|store
countryside|yard|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
library|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
yard|village|AtLocation|in your company
market|hallway|IsA|type /part of building
restaurant|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
church|restaurant|UsedFor|punishing people
refrigerators|jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
class|music|PartOf|building
stove|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
shock|remembering|IsA|negative thing
discovery|thinking|IsA|physical state
windowsill|greenhouse|UsedFor|children to play
pot|ballpark|UsedFor|storage
lake|sloth|IsA|place
work|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
apartment|office|UsedFor|reading
agreement|pain|IsA|sad emotion
fun|relaxation|IsA|action
attic|clouds|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
books|television|IsA|place
learning|dancing|IsA|emotion
freeway|maze|IsA|business
porch|light|UsedFor|serving food
moon|rain|AtLocation|at a home
embarrassment|shock|IsA|positive thing
church|university|CapableOf|have people  inside
box|jar|IsA|reply to a question
dust|floor|IsA|1 syllable word
snore|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
garden|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
pride|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
cabinet|film|IsA|form of entertainment
plants|windowsill|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
university|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
cupboard|disneyland|IsA|place to make food
attic|cellar|PartOf|house
street|roof|HasProperty|man made
street|bicycle|PartOf|house
homes|school|AtLocation|indoors
shock|embarrassment|IsA|feeling/emotion
working|satisfaction|IsA|negative feeling or expression
mansion|house|IsA|large building
wings|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
plate|kitchen|HasProperty|used for meals
ocean|outside|PartOf|house
discovery|happiness|IsA|colorful
lamp|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
automobile|safe|UsedFor|car travel
encyclopedia|suit|IsA|place people can meet
marmoset|snow|HasA|car
condiments|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
office|god|UsedFor|praying
love|cave|IsA|business
shelf|sink|HasProperty|edible
desktop|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
nails|store|UsedFor|writing
bowl|cupboard|CapableOf| be moved
newspaper|head|HasProperty|related to studying
trouble|sleep|AtLocation|in home
neighborhood|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
food|families|IsA|part of the body
pantry|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
wall|picture|MadeOf|paper
cellar|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
restaurant|pond|AtLocation|outside
electricity|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
boat|car|IsA|physical item 
park|roof|PartOf|glass
shop|corner|IsA|building
party|hotel|HasA|usually have people inside
jar|key|CapableOf|keeping cash
roadway|street|UsedFor|transportation
floor|snore|IsA|store items
buildings|internet|HasProperty|a gathering place
thinking|performing|IsA|negative emotion
cabinet|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
paperwork|kitchen|AtLocation|with water
pantry|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
minnesota|nebraska|IsA|business that serves food
lamp|desk|HasProperty|1 syllable
pain|sadness|HasProperty|linked to food
churchyard|yard|IsA|tall building
sun|army|AtLocation|on map
drawer|floor|MadeOf|wood
problems|nightmares|IsA|something a baby could have
field|library|HasProperty|a meal
suburb|countryside|MadeOf|sand
desk|imagination|IsA|religious card
street|jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
opera|dance|CapableOf|be performed
roadway|china|IsA|state
furniture|bathtub|UsedFor|reading
closet|boxes|IsA|room in a home
theater|montana|IsA|place
clothing|magazine|IsA|physical item 
friend|ocean|IsA|specific place
cellar|room|AtLocation|within a building's structure
water|church|CapableOf|be used for storage
university|knowledge|HasA|screen
sea|fish|HasA|earth
garage|sleep|IsA|animal
band|factory|IsA|nation symbol
computer|bus|AtLocation|on a map
excitement|love|HasProperty|a positive emotion
meeting|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
mountains|countryside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
garden|concert|IsA|object that can be held
museum|library|UsedFor|holding art collections
film|movie|IsA|dish
room|hallway|UsedFor|work
boat|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
cat|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
wallet|movie|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
roof|store|HasProperty|man made
refrigerator|can|IsA|place for entertainment
floor|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
mess|closet|AtLocation|with water
cup|container|UsedFor|serving dinner
farm|wedding|IsA|tourist destination
store|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
demonstration|assessment|UsedFor|announcing something
paper|desktop|UsedFor|reading
pocket|briefcase|IsA|place of learning
fly|water|UsedFor|transportation
box|bed|UsedFor|indoor activities
remembering|instruction|IsA|positive thing
trees|ground|IsA|man made thing
shop|newspaper|CapableOf|store
theater|office|MadeOf|wood
theater|earth|IsA|place you buy food
book|university|IsA|part media
attic|bedroom|IsA|room (type)
canada|mexico|IsA|nation
love|human|IsA|country
lamp|house|MadeOf|glass
bubblegum|purse|CapableOf|be held in your hands
town|street|IsA|part of a municipality
hospital|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
instruction|inspiration|HasProperty|a physical item
soup|garage|IsA|physical item 
alcohol|refrigerator|UsedFor|eating or drinking
university|airport|IsA|object that can be held
classroom|chair|IsA|necessity for education
embarrassment|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
classroom|conference|IsA|school supply
boxes|container|IsA|room (type)
cut|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
attic|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
room|cellar|IsA|place to pray
office|corner|IsA|ground where child play
dishwasher|table|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
beer|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
switzerland|mountain|IsA|location
outdoors|canada|IsA|place people work and live
party|desktop|IsA|building 
park|windowsill|PartOf|body
chair|bathroom|AtLocation|in a house
sink|puddle|UsedFor|eating or drinking
refrigerator|oven|HasProperty|used for meals
street|montana|HasA|buildings in it
city|house|IsA|place where you can live
closet|cupboard|HasA|doors
wilderness|texas|IsA|place
agreement|happiness|IsA|verb
chair|heaven|IsA|place of religion
field|silverware|HasProperty|made of wood
college|church|IsA|object that can be held
jail|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
montana|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
table|house|UsedFor|work
electricity|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
table|refrigerator|HasProperty|used for meals
clothing|dust|UsedFor|storage
carnival|apartment|IsA|place or location
dinner|store|HasProperty|an object
table|store|UsedFor|storage
dinner|encyclopedia|IsA|physical tangible object
box|television|CapableOf|be eaten
floor|pantry|IsA|object
movies|food|IsA|public building
spoon|bathroom|AtLocation|in a house
workplace|homes|AtLocation|indoors
classroom|university|IsA|building
street|minnesota|IsA|building
junk|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
inside|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
countryside|field|AtLocation|outside
university|movie|AtLocation|in a building
salad|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
action|anxiety|IsA|colorful
cabinet|backpack|CapableOf|be eaten
building|outdoors|IsA|nation
park|bedroom|IsA|n electronic device
garage|attic|IsA|room in a building
cupboard|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
roof|desktop|IsA|place to store items
office|hospital|IsA|list of alphabets
connection|building|IsA|business
tears|suffering|UsedFor|punish
movies|jar|IsA|place
market|apartment|CapableOf| be moved
montana|opera|IsA|place you buy food
moon|toilet|HasA|pipe system attached
fulfillment|laughter|IsA|emotion
fun|pride|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
museum|garage|IsA|type of building
chair|television|HasProperty|a household item
motel|farm|HasProperty|a workplace
china|town|IsA|residential area
bedroom|concert|IsA|object that can be held
stream|wilderness|IsA|natural thing
pleasure|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
corner|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
china|garden|IsA|location
town|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
books|television|IsA|thing you can touch
airport|building|IsA|business
sky|birds|HasProperty|man made
wall|bedroom|IsA|item of furniture
chair|porch|CapableOf|move people
church|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
tree|plants|PartOf|house
chair|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
nature|floor|IsA|place
desk|chair|HasProperty|found in the house
field|sweetness|HasA|punish
ceiling|classroom|IsA|place to sleep
inside|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
convention|opera|IsA|commercial browser
school|dance|CapableOf|be heard
rock|countryside|IsA|natural product or man made
supermarket|skin|UsedFor|buying food
supermarket|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
library|home|HasProperty|able to be entered
home|castle|CapableOf|be lived in
countryside|city|IsA|residential area
office|pocket|IsA|place of learning
louisiana|fox|HasA|even number of letter
joy|headache|MadeOf|pause
instruction|knowledge|HasProperty|a physical item
woods|outdoors|MadeOf|trees
roadway|house|HasA|buildings in it
books|backpack|IsA|object
room|jail|PartOf|food and drink
picture|fox|IsA|place
tennessee|alabama|HasA|even number of letter
refrigerator|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
airport|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
chair|wood|IsA|place or location
silence|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
birds|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
cellar|market|CapableOf| be moved
agreement|laughter|IsA|activity
lightning|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
backpack|shelf|UsedFor|storage
floor|roof|IsA|home appliance
church|party|HasProperty|a place where people sing
countryside|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
trees|street|IsA|natural or man made
freeway|hotel|IsA|public place
restaurant|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
teapot|arboretum|IsA|place people live
fear|thinking|IsA|emotion
bedroom|shelf|HasA|doors
aquarium|waterfall|HasA|water
enemies|argument|HasA|physical element
pantry|cabinet|CapableOf|be found in a house
valley|town|IsA|building
barnyard|city|MadeOf|country
newspaper|head|HasA|screen
condiments|cup|IsA|  place
closet|corner|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
pleasure|pride|IsA|feeling 
hallway|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
burrow|picture|IsA|place
dancing|listening|IsA|something considered as positive
sleep|trauma|IsA|emotion
cat|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
tent|theater|UsedFor|buying food
bathtub|window|HasProperty|found in a house
michigan|bar|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
food|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
computer|canada|AtLocation|on a map
bathroom|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
countryside|roadway|IsA|state
roadway|city|HasProperty|a location
hole|desert|IsA|country
glass|kitchen|HasProperty|edible
church|house|MadeOf|glass
entertainment|hotel|IsA|tourist destination
restaurant|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
loft|floor|HasA|ceiling
supermarket|wedding|HasProperty|a gathering place
leaves|rock|IsA|natural product or man made
china|suburbs|IsA|residential area
information|meeting|AtLocation|in a store
store|school|CapableOf|have a street address
soup|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
coffee|utensils|IsA|piece of furniture
school|church|IsA|building
kitchen|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
attic|outside|UsedFor|cooking
clouds|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
happiness|excitement|UsedFor|hobbies
club|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
container|house|IsA|room
bathroom|cage|IsA|living thing
office|church|CapableOf|have people  inside
lamp|bedroom|IsA|study room
cat|trouble|AtLocation|in home
television|drawer|AtLocation|in home
desktop|computer|AtLocation|inside someone's home
enjoyment|laughter|IsA|emotion
crying|dream|MadeOf|wood
ocean|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
corner|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
embarrassment|sorrow|PartOf|mental disorder
sink|dishes|IsA|furniture
injury|happiness|IsA|colorful
prison|america|IsA|place
stream|universe|IsA|place
tennessee|california|HasA|start with a
cellar|church|IsA|place
barn|synagogue|IsA|sound
lemur|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
carpet|rug|PartOf|the interior of a building
bus|valley|AtLocation|in your company
bathtub|window|UsedFor|reading
basement|ocean|IsA|building
corner|closet|CapableOf|make sounds
television|field|HasProperty|a meal
cabinet|museum|MadeOf|wood
color|safe|IsA|place for students
tent|church|HasProperty|an event
oven|condiments|AtLocation|in a house
attic|closet|CapableOf|make sounds
pocket|books|CapableOf|be used virtually 
house|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
museum|corner|UsedFor|storage
toilet|jar|CapableOf|store small items
wisconsin|aquarium|HasProperty|human made
valley|river|AtLocation|inland
cat|garage|IsA|place
snore|bed|PartOf|house
television|information|CapableOf| be held in your hand
people|tent|HasProperty|part of a human
colorado|wilderness|IsA|place
bridge|woods|IsA|living/once living
light|attic|HasProperty|found in the house
museum|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
drink|moon|CapableOf|be currently visited
computer|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
house|shelf|IsA|made of wood
book|map|CapableOf|be worn
house|gymnasium|UsedFor|sport
store|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bedroom|pantry|AtLocation|indoors
knowledge|remembering|MadeOf|wood
peanuts|jar|IsA|reply to a question
ground|ficus|HasProperty|where someone can live
opera|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
house|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
supermarket|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
house|jail|PartOf|food and drink
state|suburb|IsA|business that serves food
tension|defeat|IsA|positive card
trash|container|UsedFor|storing physical things
desert|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
cage|commercial|IsA|place
home|kitchen|HasProperty|able to be entered
front|jar|IsA|cartoon
bathtub|street|HasA|wheels
drawer|movie|IsA|something you eat off
apartment|synagogue|HasProperty|part of a human
university|box|PartOf|house
backpack|table|IsA|location
excitement|smiles|HasProperty|a positive emotion
desk|light|UsedFor|serving food
hotel|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
shelf|kitchen|AtLocation|indoors
desktop|roof|CapableOf|be found in a house
house|roof|PartOf|glass
airport|passageway|IsA|public place
backyard|outside|IsA|part of a property
closet|ocean|UsedFor|reading books
skyscraper|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
desert|suburbs|IsA|state
shelf|floor|UsedFor|to keep items
computer|motel|IsA|study room
inspiration|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
conference|classroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
floor|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
school|moon|IsA|animal or book
outside|forest|HasProperty|part of your  house
drawer|sink|IsA|furniture 
cup|table|CapableOf|store things
snow|rain|IsA|type of place
storage|building|CapableOf|work
groceries|sink|MadeOf|wood
ground|refrigerator|HasProperty|decorative
groceries|can|HasA|plug or power source
drawer|bed|IsA|physical item 
desk|books|IsA|necessity for education
michigan|countryside|IsA|living thing
bed|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
nails|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
kitchen|ceiling|IsA|specific part of a structure
reflection|pride|CapableOf|fly
theater|cinema|IsA|location
warehouse|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
newspaper|floor|UsedFor|cooling
barn|lights|IsA|music related event
hallway|apartment|IsA|type /part of building
woods|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
thinking|book|HasProperty|a meal
sweat|enemies|IsA|positive card
commercial|house|IsA|animal or book
barn|bar|UsedFor|communication
cabinet|toilet|AtLocation|inside a house
waterfall|countryside|IsA|living/once living
ocean|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
apartment|disneyland|IsA|dish
discipline|effort|HasA|m at the beginning
book|encyclopedia|UsedFor|studying
satisfaction|regret|IsA|mental state
countryside|nature|IsA|natural thing
attic|garden|CapableOf|work
warehouse|container|IsA|room in a home
house|yard|HasProperty|a location
porch|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
confession|monastery|UsedFor|praying
skyscraper|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
pot|kitchen|IsA|building
balloon|manual|IsA|product that people buy
drawer|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
hallway|office|IsA|country or state
universe|orbit|PartOf|wood
birds|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
instruction|money|HasProperty|a physical item
game|throne|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
room|rain|IsA|car
crowd|funeral|CapableOf|have people physically in it
suburb|house|IsA|state
car|trunk|HasA|doors
synagogue|imagination|UsedFor|praying
chair|church|UsedFor|praying
accomplishment|effort|HasProperty|about  clashes
trees|leaves|PartOf|nature
nebraska|city|IsA|business that serves food
communication|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
skyscraper|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
soup|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
table|container|UsedFor|serving dinner
moon|hole|CapableOf|be currently visited
city|town|IsA|business that serves food
suburb|countryside|IsA|place where you can live
shelf|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
park|yard|HasA|walls
money|controversy|IsA|emotion
roadway|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
university|thinking|HasA|screen
bedroom|garage|CapableOf|be found in a house
building|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
movies|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
injury|food|CapableOf|tell stories
desktop|television|AtLocation|in the living room
pantry|condiments|IsA|location or room
garage|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
car|room|IsA|product that people buy
allergies|boredom|MadeOf|pause
controversy|sadness|IsA|happy card
garage|television|HasProperty|a household item
house|bridge|PartOf|the galaxy
shed|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
arguments|park|CapableOf|happiness
america|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
student|school|UsedFor|reading and studying
michigan|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
canada|yard|IsA|country
beer|container|HasProperty|a beverage
apartment|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
porch|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
concert|church|CapableOf|have people  inside
hospital|gate|HasA|airplanes
stomach|desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
trees|roof|IsA|natural or man made
reflection|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
cellar|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
homes|workplace|UsedFor|a gathering of people
families|movies|IsA|public building
cabinet|stamps|IsA|form of entertainment
table|wallet|IsA|something found in a household
school|universe|HasProperty|in or is a building
cabinet|garden|HasProperty|sold in stores
city|prison|IsA|man-made thing
bowl|nails|IsA|location
bathroom|human|IsA|building
clouds|closet|IsA|place for clothes
dentist|magazines|IsA|room or building
clothing|magazine|CapableOf|store
home|temple|IsA|specific part of a structure
birds|human|CapableOf|move freely
water|sink|IsA|physical item 
america|arizona|AtLocation|labeled on a map
pot|porch|CapableOf|cooking
nebraska|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
table|trunk|HasA|doors
store|nest|PartOf|physical structure
communication|controversy|IsA|happy card
trouble|cat|HasProperty|a household item
encyclopedia|dictionary|IsA|book
trash|stamps|IsA|furniture
skyscraper|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
building|funeral|MadeOf|wood
contemplating|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
shelf|floor|IsA|furniture 
atlas|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
cleanliness|park|CapableOf|happiness
wings|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
chair|imagination|UsedFor|praying
lamp|library|IsA|n electronic device
bathroom|hotel|HasProperty|a place where people sing
food|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
building|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
desktop|books|UsedFor|viewing/reading
building|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
garden|park|AtLocation|outside
pot|bar|UsedFor|storing things in
contemplating|injury|IsA|emotion
remembering|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
basement|cabinet|UsedFor|mainly sleep
house|moon|MadeOf|organic material
meeting|thinking|IsA|place to study
silverware|food|AtLocation|in  a residence
shelf|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
celebrating|communication|IsA|verb
radio|newspaper|UsedFor|news
sorrow|trauma|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
picture|mountains|HasA|multiple definitions
restaurant|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
bed|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
problems|depression|MadeOf|wood
montana|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
office|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
washington|ontario|PartOf|political geographical area
cave|office|UsedFor|reading books
dinner|utensils|IsA|made of wood
wedding|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
subdivision|city|UsedFor|transportation
magazines|shop|CapableOf|store
container|kitchens|IsA|type of food
shed|basement|CapableOf|part  of a household
home|apartment|IsA|building
meeting|color|PartOf|the human body
river|valley|IsA|somewhere animals swim
shelf|floor|UsedFor|keeping things inside
apartment|school|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
bedroom|home|IsA|part of a property
bread|bar|PartOf|food and drink
war|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
dust|backpack|UsedFor|to keep items
bedroom|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
jail|michigan|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
container|jar|AtLocation|in a house
opera|town|HasProperty|a type of home
bicycle|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
apartment|trash|IsA|furniture
exhaustion|cleanliness|MadeOf|pause
wedding|buildings|IsA|location
table|car|HasProperty|an object
money|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
bread|burger|IsA|type of food
beach|yard|IsA|place people work and live
outdoors|park|IsA|outdoor area
house|party|HasA|usually have people inside
library|hospital|CapableOf|have a street address
container|space|AtLocation|public area
imagination|desk|IsA|religious card
hole|bank|UsedFor|cooking
sunshine|park|HasProperty|hot
cupboard|sugar|HasProperty|found below ground level
controversy|problems|IsA|emotion
table|chair|IsA|necessity for education
government|army|IsA|organization 
lightning|food|CapableOf|cause pain
museum|apartment|IsA|room
backpack|table|MadeOf|food
discovery|headache|UsedFor|seeking an answer
shop|bedroom|IsA|building
library|restaurant|AtLocation|at a famous university
work|clock|AtLocation|library
arguments|joy|MadeOf|pause
house|floor|IsA|1 syllable word
cupboard|backpack|CapableOf|be eaten
synagogue|body|IsA|house where man live
heaven|chair|IsA|mental place
outside|house|UsedFor|sport
office|ocean|IsA|place to live
cooking|park|IsA|us state
nails|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
egypt|montana|UsedFor|digging 
money|instruction|HasProperty|a physical item
moon|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
supermarket|theater|UsedFor|learning
container|attic|UsedFor|cooking
gate|passageway|IsA|business
passageway|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
nostalgia|problems|HasProperty|linked to food
nebraska|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
shelf|bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
apartment|market|CapableOf| be moved
tent|town|UsedFor|buying food
supermarket|store|AtLocation|in a home
office|briefcase|IsA|school supply
synagogue|supermarket|IsA|place
antarctica|ranch|MadeOf|country
meeting|library|HasProperty|a solid item 
agreement|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
closet|clouds|CapableOf|make sounds
store|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
entertainment|town|UsedFor|over night stays 
happiness|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
burrow|france|AtLocation|below
books|desktop|IsA|necessity for education
desktop|park|IsA|building
airport|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
garden|computer|UsedFor|work
body|town|HasProperty|an event
toilet|bowl|CapableOf|be used with a computer
store|food|UsedFor|storage
supermarket|earth|IsA|event
church|club|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
lake|cage|IsA|place
garden|table|UsedFor|work
sink|ocean|CapableOf|can you drink it
body|tent|IsA|part of a human
bar|restaurant|IsA|state in usa
meeting|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
ground|nature|UsedFor|work
drawer|home|UsedFor|reading
passageway|freeway|HasA|airplanes
money|trauma|PartOf|mental disorder
auditorium|park|CapableOf|have people physically in it
key|money|CapableOf|hold objects
cellar|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
water|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
orbit|closet|PartOf|wood
park|garden|IsA|place people work and live
field|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
war|funeral|PartOf|the human body
wall|shelf|CapableOf|show you time
auditorium|imagination|IsA|n item of furniture
airport|microwave|AtLocation|library
mexico|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
park|mountain|HasA|city inside
attic|cellar|IsA|place
hallway|sky|HasProperty|white
desk|dishwasher|IsA|dish
restaurants|car|CapableOf|be entered
store|money|UsedFor|living
yard|office|IsA|country or state
manual|television|PartOf|publication
garage|nature|IsA|place
desktop|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
box|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
opera|tent|UsedFor|learning
box|bed|AtLocation|inside a house
convention|earth|IsA|house where man live
restaurant|trees|AtLocation|outside
people|synagogue|IsA|place you buy food
office|wall|UsedFor|reading
encyclopedia|dinner|IsA|part media
buildings|internet|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
dinner|clothing|IsA|made of wood
table|backpack|HasA|doors
playground|canada|IsA|nature-related
germany|class|PartOf|building
sleep|junk|AtLocation|in home
earth|tent|IsA|place you buy food
wedding|theater|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
microwave|cabinet|IsA|dish
doctor|human|IsA|person
cabinet|book|CapableOf|be worn
university|desktop|IsA|furniture
bedroom|cabinet|AtLocation|indoors
window|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
fatigue|empathy|IsA|emotion
windowsill|mountain|IsA|living thing
canada|countryside|IsA|nature-related
restaurant|university|HasA|person stood at the front
city|wisconsin|HasProperty|human made
class|knowledge|IsA|place to study
university|computer|IsA|building
porch|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
building|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
closet|ocean|UsedFor|a holiday
movie|meeting|UsedFor|learning
table|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
switzerland|pennsylvania|MadeOf|plastic
balloon|manual|CapableOf|be entered
stress|sweat|IsA|positive card
lemur|cage|IsA|place
box|room|IsA|place to pray
countryside|park|IsA|part of nature
tent|montana|IsA|part of a human
tent|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
wedding|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
classroom|internet|HasProperty|alive
warehouse|trunk|UsedFor|storing physical things
wine|building|IsA|us state
loft|room|IsA|type of building
safe|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
concert|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
frogs|windowsill|AtLocation|in your home
magazines|demonstration|UsedFor|furniture
book|manual|AtLocation|on a shelf
prison|countryside|IsA|place
woods|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
movie|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
bar|restaurant|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
clouds|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
chair|closet|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
nails|pocket|IsA|school supply
lamp|party|IsA|building
cabinet|kitchen|IsA|building
oven|food|AtLocation|in a house
classroom|store|IsA|school supply
weather|rain|IsA|type of place
skyscraper|work|AtLocation|on a map
furniture|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
junk|cat|IsA|place
crying|problems|MadeOf|wood
airport|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
closet|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
home|hallway|HasProperty|able to be entered
bar|house|CapableOf|be entered
park|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
roof|street|PartOf|nature
ground|television|AtLocation|inside a home
school|room|HasProperty|a place where people sing
street|countryside|HasProperty|a country
drugstore|airplane|AtLocation|in your room
jail|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
home|spoon|IsA|type of room
basement|house|AtLocation|at a home
stove|oven|HasProperty|used for meals
building|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
dust|corner|PartOf|the sky
closet|orbit|PartOf|wood
canada|pennsylvania|MadeOf|rocks
library|desktop|CapableOf|be used virtually 
television|choir|IsA|tv show
soup|field|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
silverware|cupboard|MadeOf|metal
auditorium|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
burger|cheese|IsA|location or room
table|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
wisconsin|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
bedroom|kitchen|HasA|usually have people inside
restaurant|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
bar|museum|HasA|usually have people inside
doctor|battle|MadeOf|by man
ground|rock|IsA|place you can live
hotel|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
tile|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
apartment|restaurant|HasProperty|found in the garden
basement|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
field|rock|IsA|natural or man made
church|hotel|HasA|usually have people inside
skin|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
junk|snore|HasProperty|a household item
outdoors|forest|IsA|country
crying|laughter|IsA|reaction
books|manual|PartOf|publication
bar|house|HasProperty|associated with drinking
moon|sea|IsA|vacation destination
crying|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
alcohol|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
cabinet|pocket|IsA|school supply
motel|bedroom|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
switzerland|pennsylvania|HasProperty|located in europe
ocean|toilet|PartOf|the galaxy
synagogue|convention|IsA|part of a human
tree|air|IsA|part of nature
street|box|PartOf|house
wall|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
yard|backyard|IsA|country
house|jail|HasProperty|a place where people sing
snow|wilderness|IsA|place
cabinet|refrigerator|UsedFor|writing in
california|ground|HasProperty|a state in the usa
book|television|AtLocation|on a shelf
arkansas|alabama|HasA|even number of letter
bar|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
house|floor|MadeOf|food
tent|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
supermarket|trunk|MadeOf|metal
doctor|school|IsA|country
telephone|corner|IsA|study room
home|restaurant|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
sewer|furniture|IsA|private space
montana|convention|IsA|part of a human
potatoes|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
clothes|backpack|IsA|made of wood
moon|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
cabinet|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
table|bedroom|HasProperty|edible
wilderness|hole|IsA|animal or book
table|demonstration|IsA|another word for show
table|stamps|UsedFor|storage
supermarket|key|CapableOf|keeping cash
pride|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
cabinet|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
universe|house|IsA|place or location to visit
countryside|pond|IsA|country
garage|drawer|AtLocation|home
bedroom|desktop|IsA|room
dog|cup|AtLocation|inside a house
country|television|UsedFor|worship
store|park|UsedFor|education
headache|boredom|CapableOf|happiness
city|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
wedding|town|UsedFor|over night stays 
safe|field|UsedFor|studying
cabinet|case|IsA|form of entertainment
door|furniture|HasProperty|found in a house
park|headache|MadeOf|pause
field|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
house|store|IsA|made of wood
france|colorado|AtLocation|labeled on a map
sunbathers|sun|HasProperty|hot
cabinet|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
wall|window|IsA|ceremony
suburbs|countryside|IsA|state
television|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
love|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
doctor|jail|UsedFor|cooling
injury|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
window|kitchen|HasProperty|found in a house
building|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
allergies|boredom|MadeOf|golden
table|home|CapableOf|store
windowsill|sunshine|IsA|place
forest|disneyland|IsA|type of place
box|container|IsA|location
casino|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
pocket|nails|UsedFor|writing
elevator|music|CapableOf|be heard
pond|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
aggression|injuries|IsA|positive card
garbage|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
outside|house|IsA|room in a building
bathroom|hotel|HasA|usually have people inside
couch|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
school|college|IsA|object
coats|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
box|container|UsedFor|storage
chair|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
wallet|drawer|IsA|form of entertainment
ocean|confession|IsA|place of religion
performing|happiness|IsA|emotion
floor|ocean|HasProperty|a type of building
hotel|hospital|HasA|beds
australia|field|UsedFor|food
countryside|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
garbage|snore|IsA|place
storage|building|UsedFor|generating products or plants
convention|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
disneyland|montana|IsA|place or location
embarrassment|suffering|IsA|negative feeling
table|desk|IsA|type of room
basement|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
reflection|birds|HasA|physical appearance
box|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
clouds|supermarket|UsedFor|driving
bathroom|bedroom|HasProperty|a room
ceiling|hallway|IsA|car
mess|office|UsedFor|sitting on
tears|like|IsA|activity
elevator|class|CapableOf|be performed
florida|supermarket|UsedFor|living
entertaining|tears|IsA|physical emotion
mountains|tennessee|IsA|us state
store|teacher|UsedFor|writing
weather|rain|HasProperty|very cold
corner|demonstration|HasProperty|able to be entered
beer|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
money|depression|IsA|negative thing
table|corner|AtLocation|indoors
circus|conference|IsA|n item of furniture
cupboard|boxes|HasProperty|found below ground level
closet|dinner|UsedFor|to keep items
cave|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
theater|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
internet|book|CapableOf|be held in your hand
house|basement|HasProperty|white
party|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
pantry|refrigerators|IsA|  place
restaurant|workplace|HasProperty|child friendly
state|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
movement|exercising|HasProperty|tiring
neighborhood|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
opera|earth|IsA|part of a human
party|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
wallet|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
cupboard|porch|CapableOf|cooking
food|container|AtLocation|in a house
england|canada|AtLocation|on a map
warehouse|box|IsA|room in a home
desktop|classroom|IsA|necessity for education
park|forest|IsA|living/once living
america|city|IsA|place
garden|backyard|HasA|walls
contemplating|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
box|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
shelf|table|MadeOf|paper
oven|silverware|HasProperty|edible
store|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
tile|kitchen|HasProperty|a type of building
country|trouble|IsA|book
palace|synagogue|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
kitchen|bar|IsA|location or room
cupboard|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
music|germany|IsA|action
clothing|dentist|CapableOf|store
pride|park|IsA|happy card
hospital|airport|IsA|business
nature|furniture|IsA|place
hole|house|IsA|animal or book
windowsill|park|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
apartment|california|AtLocation|in the united states
cat|home|UsedFor|cooking food
water|jar|HasA|pipe system attached
regret|relaxation|IsA|mental state
garage|porch|IsA|furniture
synagogue|conference|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
space|universe|UsedFor|containing objects
utensils|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
playground|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
drawer|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
bed|junk|HasProperty|a household item
information|television|AtLocation|on a shelf
rain|weather|IsA|brand
passageway|airport|IsA|business
supermarket|earth|IsA|place
yard|town|UsedFor|swimming
house|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
cabinet|television|HasProperty|a room
town|theater|IsA|commercial browser
cellar|apartment|IsA|food
store|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
school|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
street|store|IsA|place to be entertained
refrigerators|container|CapableOf|be found in a house
car|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
heaven|field|IsA|place
microwave|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
discovery|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
bedroom|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
trunk|utensils|MadeOf|food
burrow|picture|IsA|country or state name
opera|synagogue|IsA|place or location
loft|drugstore|IsA|place to sleep
skyscraper|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
books|cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
yard|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
table|couch|UsedFor|work
desktop|party|IsA|building
empathy|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
drawer|table|CapableOf|be easily carried
library|lawn|IsA|something kept a home
bedroom|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
head|color|IsA|place to study
ocean|store|IsA|living thing
ballpark|front|UsedFor|containing objects
airplane|school|PartOf|house 
lightning|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
clothes|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
teacher|nails|UsedFor|carrying things
university|field|HasProperty|a meal
dog|shoes|UsedFor|indoor activities
information|university|HasProperty|a meal
building|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
chair|desk|UsedFor|cooking
computer|table|UsedFor|worship
park|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
chair|toronto|PartOf|house
town|city|IsA|state
action|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
buildings|theater|IsA|location
desert|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
reflection|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
bearing|ball|UsedFor|farmers 
bathroom|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
bed|newspaper|IsA|physical item 
closet|attic|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
wall|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
internet|theater|HasProperty|alive
chair|human|IsA|place you visit
town|wedding|UsedFor|learning
room|loft|IsA|type of building
library|classroom|CapableOf|have people go inside
disneyland|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
funeral|television|CapableOf|be eaten
bathroom|auditorium|HasA|usually have people inside
pocket|action|IsA|place you can visit
lawn|trash|HasProperty|a solid item 
kitchen|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
pencils|backpack|IsA|school supply
carnival|music|IsA|action
movie|apartment|UsedFor|storage
town|people|HasA|ticket box usually
stamps|case|IsA|form of entertainment
opera|tent|IsA|planet
library|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
ground|park|IsA|animal
desires|erections|HasProperty|negative in human sense
pantry|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
trouble|snore|IsA|store items
apartment|synagogue|IsA|place you buy food
cup|condiments|CapableOf|store things
desert|canada|UsedFor|driving 
street|suburb|MadeOf|sand
manual|pocket|CapableOf|be held with one hand
building|road|IsA|music related event
house|mess|AtLocation|with water
body|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
meeting|newspaper|AtLocation|in a store
shelf|apartment|IsA|object
fish|ocean|HasProperty|human made
potatoes|soup|IsA|food
cooking|backyard|IsA|us state
tension|stress|IsA|positive card
cut|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
basement|house|UsedFor|work
sea|river|IsA|small body of water
city|country|CapableOf|be walked on
work|bus|AtLocation|in your company
dictionary|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
fun|joy|IsA|mental state
disneyland|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
newspaper|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
food|cut|IsA|animal
table|wall|HasProperty|found in a house
home|library|IsA|physical item 
injury|lightning|CapableOf|fly
yard|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
airport|drawer|CapableOf|store
laughter|dancing|IsA|something specific
sewer|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
cabinet|house|UsedFor|mainly sleep
lake|woods|IsA|natural thing
cabinet|pocket|UsedFor|reading
jail|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
countryside|mexico|AtLocation|outside
jail|battle|IsA|place
refrigerator|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
roof|swimming|IsA|animal
table|cupboard|MadeOf|plastic
garage|kitchen|HasA|usually have people inside
coats|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
dance|school|CapableOf|be heard
montana|monastery|UsedFor|praying
castle|skyscraper|CapableOf|move freely
color|safe|IsA|place to study
desktop|oven|HasProperty|edible
store|closet|UsedFor|a holiday
restaurant|pond|IsA|nature-related
forest|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
waterfall|ocean|HasA|water
television|bedroom|AtLocation|inside someone's home
mouth|voice|IsA|electronic device
ceiling|clock|AtLocation|library
television|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
restaurant|case|IsA|dish
injury|birds|IsA|emotion
bed|nature|IsA|place
cupboard|backpack|MadeOf|food
conference|church|IsA|room in a house
porch|desk|MadeOf|wood
furniture|room|IsA|type of building
anxiety|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
desktop|table|AtLocation|home
doctor|porch|CapableOf|store
house|bar|HasProperty|a room
movies|university|IsA|drink
happiness|defeat|IsA|feeling or emotion
apartment|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
bathroom|ocean|IsA|living thing
box|party|HasProperty|a building structure
restaurant|town|HasA|properties of any kind
restaurant|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
film|microwave|IsA|something found in a household
university|classroom|IsA|object that can be held
crying|depression|MadeOf|wood
canada|army|IsA|place
yard|skyscraper|AtLocation|on a map
stove|pantry|HasProperty|used for meals
mouse|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
dust|carpet|HasProperty|used for storage
seaside|countryside|IsA|place
supermarket|opera|IsA|part of a human
neighborhood|driveway|HasProperty|a location
dust|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
attic|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
school|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
tree|air|IsA|animal
cage|roof|IsA|living thing
field|landfill|UsedFor|playing
supermarket|buildings|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
kentucky|montana|PartOf|political geographical area
air|jail|PartOf|food and drink
box|stuff|CapableOf|be held in your hands
stuff|dinner|IsA|piece of furniture
windowsill|corner|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
outdoors|desert|IsA|natural thing
newspaper|desktop|AtLocation|library
park|sea|IsA|vacation destination
college|airport|CapableOf|have people  inside
electricity|music|IsA|physical and movable item
listening|dancing|IsA|emotion
valley|churchyard|AtLocation|indoors
briefcase|store|IsA|piece of furniture
briefcase|conference|IsA|piece of furniture
woods|creek|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
country|army|IsA|organization 
field|trash|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
building|plane|IsA|music related event
trouble|nature|IsA|part of a property
school|couch|UsedFor|travel
airport|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
town|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
shelf|sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
carpet|frogs|AtLocation|in your home
doctor|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
boxes|shed|IsA|room in a home
drawer|house|IsA|1 syllable word
chocolate|school|IsA|event
disneyland|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
excitement|working|IsA|negative emotion
sun|ceiling|IsA|car
conference|nails|UsedFor|writing
sea|bay|HasA|salty water
apartment|synagogue|IsA|planet
wedding|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
house|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
stupid|entertainment|IsA|emotion
nature|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
conference|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
mansion|wedding|IsA|location
pond|sea|IsA|somewhere animals swim
joy|arguments|PartOf|city
kitchens|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
roadway|newspaper|IsA|state
office|kitchen|IsA|building
computer|microwave|AtLocation|in office blocks
bank|hole|IsA|animal
playground|canada|IsA|place people work and live
wilderness|india|IsA|animal
junk|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
connection|gate|IsA|public place
dust|cabinet|CapableOf|contain multiple people
injury|action|CapableOf|fly
ground|demonstration|IsA|place
desert|bird|MadeOf|trees
knowledge|meeting|IsA|part media
can|container|MadeOf|metal
chair|junk|HasProperty|a household item
sweetness|happiness|IsA|noun
ground|dust|AtLocation|in the sky
garage|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
garden|windowsill|AtLocation|inside a home
assessment|person|UsedFor|announcing something
roof|plants|HasProperty|found in a home
pocket|money|CapableOf|hold objects
demonstration|assessment|PartOf|body
attic|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
plate|pantry|IsA|type of food
wall|museum|AtLocation|indoors
bar|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
birds|squirrel|IsA|animal
chocolate|movies|IsA|public building
trauma|nightmares|HasProperty|typically positive
garage|pot|CapableOf|storing food
bedroom|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
outside|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
wall|museum|UsedFor|storage
supermarket|apartment|IsA|location
jar|toilet|PartOf|the galaxy
furniture|store|UsedFor|decoration
toilet|cupboard|CapableOf|be used with a computer
stream|lake|IsA|natural thing
table|chairs|UsedFor|furnishing a house
mess|bed|IsA|building
restaurant|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
dust|door|UsedFor|storage
country|corporation|CapableOf|place
nature|television|IsA|place
town|theater|HasProperty|part of a human
montana|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
television|floor|AtLocation|in home
cow|antarctica|IsA|animal
gentleman|throne|IsA|place people can meet
trunk|casino|MadeOf|metal
money|remembering|IsA|negative thing
empathy|dancing|IsA|something considered as positive
house|suburb|MadeOf|sand
mountains|alabama|HasA|start with a
death|sleeping|IsA|physical object
cabinet|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
people|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
radio|choir|AtLocation|on/in the human body
cupboard|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
greenhouse|porch|HasProperty|found in the garden
shelf|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
container|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
supermarket|conference|HasA|ticket box usually
drawer|wallet|IsA|something found in a household
pantry|kitchen|UsedFor|food
theater|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
ground|outside|IsA|living/once living
airport|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
china|yard|HasProperty|a location
field|anger|IsA|noun
bedroom|roof|IsA|place to store items
table|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
communication|agreement|UsedFor|manifesting joy
food|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
fight|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
opera|montana|UsedFor|learning
fear|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
casino|beer|MadeOf|metal
shop|library|HasProperty|a place you can work
forest|park|HasA|properties of any kind
park|boredom|MadeOf|golden
remembering|crying|IsA|negative feeling
montana|town|IsA|part of a human
listening|dancing|IsA|something specific
furniture|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
relaxation|excitement|IsA|mental state
desktop|locker|UsedFor|reading
table|school|PartOf|admin role
montana|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
garage|basement|IsA|room
detroit|church|IsA|place where you can visit
drawer|television|AtLocation|in home
poet|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
store|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
sleeping|dreams|AtLocation|usually in a bed
weather|rain|HasProperty|associated with the environment
desktop|table|UsedFor|worship
supermarket|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
drawer|stamps|UsedFor|eating
toilet|pot|AtLocation|inside a house
college|house|UsedFor|happiness
pride|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
safe|garage|UsedFor|car travel
alcohol|air|IsA|product that people buy
closet|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
landfill|street|MadeOf|metal or plastic
desktop|computer|IsA|ground where child play
ranch|tennessee|MadeOf|country
corner|bedroom|HasProperty|a public place
bathroom|home|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
can|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
house|water|CapableOf|store small items
imagination|auditorium|IsA|n item of furniture
notebook|inside|HasProperty|material
chair|office|IsA|religious card
wilderness|continent|CapableOf|be walked on
controversy|trauma|IsA|positive thing
yard|park|HasA|properties of any kind
car|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
refrigerator|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
war|bathroom|CapableOf|be heard
food|cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
funeral|death|HasA|exterior walls
pride|joy|IsA|verb
trees|field|IsA|natural or man made
theater|action|IsA|thing you have on person
moon|house|IsA|animal or book
office|shop|IsA|study room
jail|home|IsA|room or building
pocket|dictionary|UsedFor|viewing/reading
garage|synagogue|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
newspaper|house|CapableOf|be parked on
store|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
library|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
school|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
toilet|sink|CapableOf|store small items
earth|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
imagination|synagogue|IsA|mental place
library|school|IsA|object
ground|street|AtLocation|at floor level
opera|school|CapableOf|be heard
pantry|refrigerator|IsA|piece of furniture
house|kitchen|CapableOf|be currently visited
discovery|food|IsA|negative emotion
yard|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
atlas|book|CapableOf|be worn
russia|bank|UsedFor|food
nature|forest|IsA|natural thing
roof|floor|CapableOf|sleeping
person|conference|PartOf|body
woods|outside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
kitchen|furniture|IsA|ceremony
yard|pond|IsA|nation
office|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
library|cave|IsA|place to live
kitchen|universe|AtLocation|public area
wilderness|california|CapableOf|be read
airport|maze|HasA|beds
store|apartment|IsA|type of building
attic|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
street|garden|IsA|bodypart
suburb|town|IsA|building
library|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
building|maze|HasA|beds
china|house|UsedFor|transportation
food|store|AtLocation|in a house
ceiling|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
party|air|PartOf|food and drink
garden|class|IsA|place people can meet
food|kitchen|CapableOf|cook things
desk|refrigerator|UsedFor|storage of physical items
telephone|office|UsedFor|fitness
office|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
radio|telephone|IsA|tv show
closet|pantry|IsA|type of business
classroom|computer|AtLocation|in a building
conference|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
countryside|montana|IsA|place where you can live
waterfall|valley|HasProperty|human made
demonstration|person|HasA|exterior walls
headache|allergies|CapableOf|happiness
wedding|train|AtLocation|on a map
frustration|pleasure|IsA|feeling
television|meeting|MadeOf|paper
cheese|condiments|IsA|type of food
nightmares|crying|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
michigan|maine|IsA|state that starts with m
roof|trees|IsA|stone
outside|container|IsA|room (type)
battle|aircraft|IsA|job
apartment|ficus|IsA|looks like house
safe|dinner|UsedFor|studying
dinner|supermarket|PartOf|food and drink
sky|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
wilderness|school|IsA|place or location to visit
sea|street|IsA|place
temple|house|IsA|specific part of a structure
auditorium|city|CapableOf|have people physically in it
classroom|bedroom|UsedFor|car repair
bus|england|AtLocation|on a map
balloon|manual|UsedFor|driving
defeat|tension|IsA|feeling or emotion
demonstration|conference|CapableOf|be attended
hotel|motel|IsA|tourist destination
instruction|depression|IsA|negative feeling
bathroom|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
furniture|kitchen|HasProperty|found in a house
town|apartment|HasProperty|alive
hairbrush|palace|PartOf|the human body
butterflies|injury|HasA|physical appearance
pocket|jar|HasProperty|to do with currency
food|pan|MadeOf|metal
roof|park|CapableOf|laugh
closet|basement|UsedFor|storage
building|hotel|HasA|bed for sleeping
people|confession|UsedFor|praying
jar|container|IsA|place where students learn
desk|corner|IsA|n electronic device
porch|desk|UsedFor|work
church|shed|AtLocation|within a building's structure
woods|yard|IsA|living/once living
store|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
bar|pot|HasA|plug or power source
bathroom|hallway|AtLocation|in a building
effort|accomplishment|IsA|positive card
loft|furniture|CapableOf|sleep on it
stamps|desk|IsA|1 syllable word
control|president|IsA|book
party|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
suburbs|china|IsA|place where you can live
television|speaker|UsedFor|lighting up a room
airport|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
bed|floor|UsedFor|reading 
kitchen|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
table|plate|IsA|  place
puddle|sink|UsedFor|eating or drinking
town|garden|AtLocation|outside
classroom|concert|IsA|object that can be held
kitchen|office|AtLocation|with water
pantry|kitchen|UsedFor|cooling things
human|elevator|IsA|place where you can visit
fox|mountains|IsA|state in uk
club|class|AtLocation|in a building
attic|beach|AtLocation|as part of a house
water|soup|UsedFor|transportation
church|theater|IsA|room in a house
floor|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
rug|ceiling|HasProperty|flat
restaurant|club|IsA|place people can meet
war|death|HasA|exterior walls
depression|crying|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
ground|frogs|AtLocation|in a home
knowledge|head|IsA|place for students
china|roadway|MadeOf|sand
opera|skin|IsA|house where man live
drawer|trunk|MadeOf|wood
rug|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
furniture|trouble|PartOf|house
apartment|bathtub|UsedFor|reading
corner|desk|IsA|building
louisiana|mountains|IsA|state in uk
alcohol|dinner|IsA|product that people buy
cellar|boxes|HasProperty|found below ground level
backpack|utensils|UsedFor|to keep items
school|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
opera|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
refrigerator|desktop|IsA|place to store items
bank|cage|IsA|country
kitchen|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
rosebush|cooking|IsA|country
throne|suit|UsedFor|learning
microwave|car|AtLocation|library
soup|food|CapableOf|be eaten
warehouse|attic|AtLocation|in united states
classroom|table|IsA|pencil
wedding|car|HasProperty|alive
closet|car|AtLocation|on the map
bed|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
house|driveway|IsA|state
house|outside|IsA|in a home
skyscraper|bus|AtLocation|in your company
attic|storage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
pond|park|HasA|properties of any kind
books|chair|IsA|necessity for education
refrigerator|porch|CapableOf|cooking
classroom|nails|IsA|school supply
castle|bed|UsedFor|travel
suicide|entertaining|MadeOf|the human body
airport|market|HasProperty|a public place
church|restaurant|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
clothing|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
music|bathroom|CapableOf|be heard
garden|outdoors|IsA|nature-related
sun|government|IsA|book
concert|computer|MadeOf|wood
mess|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
bed|chair|HasProperty|an animal
cupboard|drawer|MadeOf|food
fly|harbor|IsA|physical item 
jail|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
house|bedroom|HasA|front desk
forest|sky|IsA|animal
market|table|IsA|type of food
skin|tent|HasProperty|an event
office|library|UsedFor|religious services
house|sink|CapableOf|store small items
snore|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
action|theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
fly|street|UsedFor|eating or drinking
kitchen|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
hospital|computer|IsA|study room
cat|home|IsA|part of a house
carnival|elevator|CapableOf|be heard
table|garage|IsA|place to store items
instruction|hunger|IsA|emotion
store|sky|IsA|animal
valley|countryside|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
city|minnesota|IsA|business that serves food
school|store|UsedFor|reading books
paper|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
closet|cellar|CapableOf|be used for storage
carrots|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
house|roof|PartOf|the interior of a building
theater|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
book|field|HasA|screen
pantry|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
soup|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
sloth|encyclopedia|MadeOf|water
universe|forest|IsA|place
lightning|contemplating|IsA|colorful
attic|basement|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
museum|restaurant|IsA|type of building
computer|library|IsA|place of formal education
lake|woods|IsA|1 syllable word
hairbrush|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
joy|satisfaction|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
outside|dust|HasA|opening or door
imagination|montana|IsA|religious card
clothing|bed|IsA|room or building
clothing|closet|IsA|made of wood
stretch|motion|AtLocation|on the body
jar|shelf|AtLocation|in a kitchen
pain|crying|HasProperty|typically positive
hotel|building|HasA|bed for sleeping
boat|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
sky|store|IsA|living thing
store|cage|IsA|living thing
church|garden|MadeOf|glass
field|russia|UsedFor|food
library|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
attic|garbage|AtLocation|indoors
table|church|UsedFor|work
box|computer|UsedFor|learning
newspaper|field|HasProperty|a meal
conference|backpack|UsedFor|writing
bathroom|museum|UsedFor|car repair
fingernails|street|HasA|wheels
joy|pride|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
table|door|HasProperty|found in a house
chair|table|IsA|necessity for education
moon|water|UsedFor|work
ocean|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
kitchen|wall|AtLocation|indoors
bank|dirt|MadeOf|organic brown matter
restaurant|pond|IsA|place you visit often
anxiety|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
rug|loft|CapableOf|sleeping
refrigerators|refrigerator|HasA|store edible items
closet|library|IsA|place to live
desk|circus|IsA|religious card
sink|dishes|IsA|object
fingernails|bathtub|HasA|wheels
street|ground|AtLocation|at a home
tent|opera|IsA|part of a human
palace|war|PartOf|the human body
supermarket|florida|UsedFor|living
meeting|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
backpack|books|HasProperty|furniture
school|house|UsedFor|living in
coats|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
waterfall|park|IsA|living/once living
library|office|CapableOf|have a street address
encyclopedia|university|HasA|screen
shoes|dog|AtLocation|on the map
party|office|IsA|building 
paperwork|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
furniture|floor|PartOf|house
market|kitchens|PartOf|business
garage|snore|IsA|place
potatoes|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
cupboard|pot|AtLocation|inside a house
bathtub|building|IsA|ceremony
bathroom|toilet|UsedFor|pooping
park|pond|CapableOf|be man made
auditorium|chair|IsA|religious card
floor|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
shelf|backpack|UsedFor|storage
workplace|jail|IsA|place people go for fun
suburbs|woods|IsA|place
thinking|contemplating|UsedFor|seeking an answer
utensils|clothes|MadeOf|food
army|sun|IsA|concept or place
dust|floor|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
dinner|plate|UsedFor|eating
city|suburb|HasProperty|a location
air|moon|AtLocation|at a home
storage|garage|CapableOf|be made with bricks
garage|glass|IsA|physical item 
pocket|store|UsedFor|writing
supermarket|town|HasProperty|alive
work|city|IsA|country or state
problems|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
countryside|outdoors|CapableOf|be man made
computer|speaker|AtLocation|in office blocks
kitchens|kitchen|HasProperty|for buying things
theater|supermarket|UsedFor|learning
kitchen|books|IsA|furniture 
coats|closet|IsA|place to live
garden|refrigerator|UsedFor|writing in
forest|swimming|IsA|animal
sewer|container|HasProperty|found below ground level
desk|desktop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
pond|mexico|IsA|country
office|locker|UsedFor|reading
table|bowl|IsA|location
yard|building|IsA|country
city|barnyard|UsedFor|food
suburbs|city|IsA|rural region
building|garage|IsA|human or part of human
nest|roof|PartOf|physical structure
trouble|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
manual|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
jar|sink|CapableOf|can you drink it
wedding|buildings|UsedFor|putting on a show
control|city|HasA|movie
casino|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
house|countryside|IsA|place or location to visit
briefcase|office|IsA|school supply
tent|apartment|IsA|social event
attic|garage|IsA|room
stadium|college|HasA|pool
favors|smiles|IsA|activity
cabinet|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
paper|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
moon|house|HasA|pipe system attached
disneyland|stamps|UsedFor|storage
party|basement|IsA|building
house|school|UsedFor|sport
ground|corner|IsA|place for clothes
attic|room|AtLocation|within a building's structure
city|montana|HasA|buildings in it
drawer|table|MadeOf|wood
bedroom|classroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
joy|park|PartOf|city
speaker|clock|MadeOf|wood
drawer|table|IsA|piece of furniture
countryside|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
ceiling|picture|AtLocation|library
woods|mountains|HasProperty|somewhere to go
case|apartment|IsA|dish
mouse|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
town|conference|IsA|social event
restaurant|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
apartment|theater|IsA|place
drawer|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
injuries|enemies|IsA|positive card
refrigerator|alcohol|PartOf|food and drink
apartment|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
jar|movies|IsA|event
trunk|funeral|IsA|room in a home
toilet|refrigerator|IsA|place to make food
toilet|ocean|PartOf|the galaxy
joy|exhaustion|CapableOf|be physically touched
plate|coffee|IsA|place
neighborhood|yard|MadeOf|sand
wall|connection|IsA|public place
classroom|library|IsA|building
furniture|rug|AtLocation|inside a person's home
bathroom|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
bathroom|apartment|IsA|location
jail|library|IsA|room or building
bathroom|bedroom|HasA|usually have people inside
street|city|AtLocation|inside a house
yard|park|IsA|living/once living
table|desk|HasProperty|flat
plate|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
roof|countryside|MadeOf|wood
reflection|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
synagogue|school|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
television|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
churchyard|yard|AtLocation|on a map
conference|theater|UsedFor| gathering together
movement|effort|AtLocation|on the body
communication|love|IsA|sad emotion
apartment|case|UsedFor|storage
church|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
street|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
forest|valley|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
telephone|party|IsA|study room
cabinet|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
weather|forest|HasProperty|very cold
desktop|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
snow|wilderness|HasA|car
field|knowledge|IsA|part media
bedroom|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
wallet|pocket|HasA|function
love|bar|IsA|country
garden|ground|HasA|head
motion|exercising|CapableOf|cause injury
hairbrush|building|IsA|place to sleep
drawer|closet|UsedFor|storage
store|floor|HasProperty|removable
cupboard|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
town|valley|IsA|building
mouth|jar|IsA|place
ground|windowsill|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
montana|imagination|UsedFor|praying
container|cup|IsA|type of room in houses
desktop|glass|HasA|edible items for sale
playground|building|IsA|country
bay|ocean|IsA|small body of water
school|airport|IsA|item of clothing
wires|telephone|HasProperty|a property 
shop|computer|IsA|study room
box|utensils|MadeOf|plastic
information|library|HasProperty|a meal
bathroom|gymnasium|UsedFor|sport
oven|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
oven|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
cinema|wedding|UsedFor| gathering together
basement|room|PartOf|house
passageway|cave|IsA|business
cupboard|sink|HasProperty|edible
earth|opera|IsA|house where man live
store|desert|IsA|animal
university|park|IsA|drink
museum|synagogue|UsedFor|holding art collections
people|town|IsA|place you buy food
reflection|performing|IsA|emotion
window|books|IsA|furniture
restaurant|yard|UsedFor|swimming
house|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
apartment|earth|UsedFor|buying food
city|motel|UsedFor|milking cows
passageway|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
defeat|tension|HasA|physical element
office|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
controversy|depression|PartOf|mental disorder
picture|work|AtLocation|library
shelf|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
storage|garage|MadeOf|water
relaxation|action|UsedFor|seeking an answer
restaurant|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
hospital|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
synagogue|backpack|UsedFor|reading
restaurant|club|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
michigan|dinner|IsA|furniture
mouse|bowl|CapableOf|be used with a computer
meeting|safe|UsedFor|studying
desk|case|MadeOf|plastic
universe|ocean|HasProperty|found in the house
manual|jail|UsedFor|driving
headache|boredom|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
countryside|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
erections|vaccines|CapableOf|hurt
hotel|office|IsA|item of clothing
bubblegum|wallet|HasA|function
mexico|forest|IsA|place people work and live
town|playground|UsedFor|children to play
fun|church|PartOf|house
store|loft|CapableOf|sleeping
condiments|container|AtLocation|in a house
drawer|store|MadeOf|food
forest|town|AtLocation|outside
cabinet|corner|IsA|place to store items
desert|bank|IsA|animal
garden|portfolio|HasProperty|sold in stores
sink|oven|MadeOf|metal
computer|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
dirt|fingernails|IsA|bodypart
valley|outside|HasA|1 syllable  word
bathtub|rug|IsA|type of building
magazines|home|UsedFor|cooling
remembering|knowledge|IsA|feeling/emotion
bathtub|floor|UsedFor|decoration
trouble|nature|IsA|animal
hospital|maze|IsA|public place
motel|garage|CapableOf|hold people against their will
newspaper|information|HasProperty|a meal
cut|birds|IsA|emotion
clothing|shop|UsedFor|cooling
bed|sleep|PartOf|house
supermarket|house|CapableOf|be moved around
corner|closet|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
detroit|jail|IsA|place where you can visit
wilderness|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
cabinet|kitchen|AtLocation|indoors
church|school|HasA|fee to visit
museum|office|IsA|place for reading
library|hotel|UsedFor|washing
sailboat|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
field|suffering|IsA|emotion
container|sewer|HasProperty|found below ground level
performing|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
neighborhood|yard|IsA|state
church|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
wall|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
voice|song|IsA|tv show
neighborhood|yard|HasProperty|a location
jar|cupboard|AtLocation|in a kitchen
heaven|detroit|CapableOf|move freely
desk|dishwasher|IsA|something you eat off
trees|yard|CapableOf|be part of a house
pantry|roof|MadeOf|wood
cat|home|IsA|garden
cellar|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
town|house|UsedFor|transportation
pantry|refrigerators|CapableOf|store things
sun|air|HasProperty|white
school|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
library|meeting|CapableOf|move
knowledge|color|HasProperty|a meal
container|garage|UsedFor|cooking
concert|musical|IsA|place or location
house|refrigerator|IsA|product that people buy
motel|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
restaurant|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
jail|workplace|IsA|place you visit
kitchens|market|IsA|type of food
floor|magazines|CapableOf|store
universe|space|HasProperty|related to planets
suburb|house|HasProperty|a location
office|house|IsA|ground where child play
hunger|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
street|house|UsedFor|work
table|television|UsedFor|worship
neighborhood|suburb|HasProperty|a country
pantry|roof|CapableOf|be found in a house
mouth|school|CapableOf|be eaten
desktop|museum|UsedFor|storage
glass|stomach|HasProperty|made of wood
trunk|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
desktop|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
reflection|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
smiles|laughter|HasProperty|an emotion
manual|cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
opera|car|HasProperty|alive
lemur|hole|UsedFor|food
mexico|battle|PartOf|man body
trunk|backpack|HasA|doors
love|communication|IsA|reaction
skyscraper|home|UsedFor|travel
school|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
office|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
river|ocean|IsA|physical item 
garage|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
desk|house|MadeOf|a natural material
desert|wilderness|UsedFor|holding animals
florida|city|IsA|place
meeting|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
bottle|trunk|IsA|type of business
cabinet|box|UsedFor|eating
river|valley|IsA|small body of water
bedroom|apartment|IsA|room in a property
town|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
school|gymnasium|IsA|in a home
store|park|CapableOf|have people physically in it
god|chair|UsedFor|praying
garage|house|HasA|usually have people inside
happiness|tears|IsA|noun
death|sweat|IsA|positive card
alcohol|balloon|IsA|product that people buy
supermarket|jar|IsA|place to be entertained
roof|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
contemplating|performing|IsA|emotion
table|desktop|AtLocation|indoors
library|thinking|HasProperty|related to studying
table|house|UsedFor|student
concert|program|UsedFor|work
butterflies|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
floor|drawer|IsA|room or building
dust|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
trunk|clothing|MadeOf|food
field|meeting|HasA|screen
house|trunk|HasProperty|an object
class|book|HasProperty|related to studying
tears|punch|UsedFor|punish
suburbs|suburb|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
loft|rug|HasA|ceiling
onions|plate|IsA|location or room
problems|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
table|restaurant|IsA|dish
toilet|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
town|car|HasProperty|a type of home
safe|color|HasProperty|a meal
tears|sweetness|HasA|punish
ocean|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
house|garden|AtLocation|outside
closet|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
roof|table|MadeOf|wood
cabinet|pocket|IsA|place where students learn
bathtub|room|UsedFor|decoration
library|meeting|CapableOf|be held in your hand
street|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
airport|cave|IsA|public place
backyard|town|UsedFor|swimming
hotel|school|CapableOf|be eaten
synagogue|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
classroom|building|HasProperty|found in a house
church|university|AtLocation|within a building's structure
place|bedroom|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
coffee|dinner|UsedFor|eating
roof|rug|IsA|a animal
bread|dinner|PartOf|food and drink
television|box|CapableOf|be eaten
dinner|head|UsedFor|studying
furniture|boat|IsA|ceremony
office|window|MadeOf|wood
sea|continent|HasProperty|human made
concert|table|UsedFor|worship
picture|outside|IsA|natural scenario
home|garage|HasProperty|where someone can live
pantry|backpack|IsA|furniture 
florida|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
attic|snore|IsA|store items
television|families|IsA|part of the body
window|books|HasProperty|furniture
dream|inspiration|MadeOf|wood
exhaustion|headache|CapableOf|happiness
birds|injury|IsA|emotion
field|cage|IsA|place
birds|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
book|locker|IsA|building
briefcase|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
apartment|hotel|CapableOf|hold people against their will
apartment|field|IsA|food
colorado|mexico|IsA|state
junk|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
satisfaction|fun|IsA|action
party|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
action|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
restaurants|alcohol|PartOf|food and drink
cave|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
motel|hotel|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
church|street|IsA|place you can visit
ceiling|nature|IsA|car
trunk|house|MadeOf|food
kitchen|desktop|IsA|room
cleanliness|park|MadeOf|pause
sunshine|school|IsA|animal or book
library|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
building|playground|CapableOf|be man made
rain|street|UsedFor|work
hunger|pleasure|IsA|emotion
cupboard|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
stadium|hotel|HasA|pool
bottle|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
cow|barnyard|MadeOf|country
hotel|wedding|IsA|tourist destination
shed|cellar|IsA|place to pray
wedding|families|IsA|place
earth|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
continent|river|HasProperty|human made
bar|toilet|IsA|room in a property
mouse|pot|IsA|building
toilet|papers|IsA|furniture
vase|bank|UsedFor|holding things
palace|court|IsA|in a home
hallway|classroom|HasA|usually have people inside
town|synagogue|IsA|place
candle|nature|HasProperty|white
airport|company|CapableOf|employ people
agreement|embarrassment|UsedFor|manifesting joy
shed|garage|AtLocation|within a building's structure
microwave|film|IsA|form of entertainment
windowsill|dust|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
attic|building|MadeOf|water
sugar|cabinet|HasProperty|found below ground level
dinner|stuff|CapableOf|be held in your hands
sleep|nature|IsA|store items
street|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
dust|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
effort|movement|AtLocation|on the body
countryside|desert|IsA|state
restaurant|store|IsA|tableware
churchyard|valley|IsA|country or state
refrigerator|bar|IsA|type of business
valley|yard|AtLocation|on a map
class|information|HasA|screen
microwave|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
outside|cupboard|IsA|room
television|closet|IsA|place in a house
street|ground|MadeOf|wood
table|oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
sky|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
refrigerators|oven|HasA|empty space in it
apartment|restaurant|IsA|dish
nest|roof|IsA|place where you can stand
kitchen|backpack|IsA|furniture
air|moon|IsA|car
apartment|people|IsA|part of a human
bank|wilderness|MadeOf|sand
drawer|attic|IsA|store items
plate|utensils|MadeOf|wood
assessment|speaker|CapableOf|be attended
bathtub|store|CapableOf|sleep on it
internet|books|MadeOf|meet
trauma|problems|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
library|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
bedroom|kitchen|IsA|room in a building
school|college|IsA|place of learning
airport|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
sink|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
house|hotel|IsA|item of clothing
bathtub|loft|CapableOf|sleep on it
painting|countryside|HasA|outdoor scenery
bathroom|cellar|CapableOf| be moved
body|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
pride|satisfaction|IsA|feeling
kitchen|airport|HasProperty|able to be entered
clothing|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
library|museum|HasProperty|religious
casino|florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
rain|weather|IsA|popular attraction
body|theater|IsA|place
beach|light|UsedFor|serving food
desktop|book|HasA|walls
heaven|home|CapableOf|move freely
convention|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
warehouse|basement|PartOf|house
synagogue|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
couch|doorway|PartOf|house 
hallway|air|HasProperty|white
apartment|library|HasProperty|found in a house
louisiana|california|IsA|state in uk
seattle|desert|HasProperty|associated with the environment
computer|office|AtLocation|in the living room
park|university|IsA|drink
nature|valley|IsA|1 syllable word
water|rain|IsA|car
playground|switzerland|MadeOf|plastic
drawer|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
sugar|house|IsA|room
kitchen|food|AtLocation|in a house
bed|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
floor|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
synagogue|tent|IsA|event
cupboard|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
museum|hallway|UsedFor|car repair
sea|disneyland|HasProperty|hot
work|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
mind|carnival|PartOf|building
trunk|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
book|field|IsA|place for students
boxes|trunk|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
bathroom|cabinet|CapableOf|be moved around
outside|sugar|IsA|room in a building
supermarket|car|CapableOf|be entered
basement|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
encyclopedia|head|HasProperty|a meal
basement|bedroom|IsA|room
library|airport|IsA|room or building
california|garage|IsA|place where people live
knowledge|university|IsA|place for students
church|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
wall|newspaper|AtLocation|library
passageway|connection|IsA|business
freeway|prison|IsA|place
supermarket|cellar|CapableOf| be moved
glass|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
airport|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
creek|stream|IsA|1 syllable word
wedding|tent|IsA|place
house|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
kitchen|chair|CapableOf|move people
underground|dictionary|IsA|activity 
woods|garage|HasProperty|a room
disneyland|beach|IsA|vacation destination
celebrating|smiles|IsA|verb
house|building|IsA|business
wedding|train|IsA|tourist destination
buildings|town|UsedFor|living inside of
university|water|CapableOf|be used for storage
closet|garage|UsedFor|storing things
opera|class|IsA|action
roof|rug|HasA|animal
container|plate|HasA|empty space in it
backyard|rug|IsA|part of a house
magazines|newspaper|IsA|room or building
library|airport|CapableOf|store
cabinet|drawer|MadeOf|plastic
tile|paperwork|IsA|building
ceiling|wall|HasA|use electricity
nest|cage|IsA|living thing
bathroom|basement|IsA|room in a house
moon|sun|IsA|car
cabinet|paper|IsA|place of learning
safe|television|HasProperty|related to studying
canada|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
restaurant|library|AtLocation|at a famous university
supermarket|store|IsA|sweet or savory
corporation|trouble|IsA|book
building|backyard|IsA|country
apartment|earth|IsA|part of a human
computer|village|AtLocation|on a map
clothing|magazine|IsA|room or building
color|class|UsedFor|studying
room|box|IsA|place to pray
garden|town|AtLocation|outside
apartment|jail|CapableOf|hold people against their will
pizza|food|HasProperty|edible
basement|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
discovery|fear|IsA|emotion
heaven|montana|IsA|mental place
sorrow|controversy|IsA|negative thing
yard|building|HasA|properties of any kind
window|wall|MadeOf|wood
sea|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
wedding|entertainment|UsedFor|over night stays 
prison|city|IsA|proper noun
utensils|clothing|UsedFor|storage
street|beach|UsedFor|farmers 
telephone|library|IsA|building
jar|food|UsedFor|keeping things cool
dishwasher|glass|IsA|furniture 
church|school|HasA|usually have people inside
hospital|school|UsedFor|a holiday
beer|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
den|bathroom|HasA|roof
sky|woods|IsA|natural thing
river|waterfall|HasA|water
wood|chair|IsA|place or location
warehouse|church|IsA|place
exchange|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
bathroom|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
bedroom|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
butterflies|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
vase|table|CapableOf|be held with one hand
california|ground|IsA|looks like house
pantry|cabinet|HasA|roof
condiments|cup|IsA|location or room
town|wedding|HasProperty|alive
ground|windowsill|CapableOf|laugh
garage|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
garden|dirt|HasA|first letter c
garbage|furniture|IsA|place
hunger|problems|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
confusion|carnival|PartOf|building
grass|stick|IsA|living/once living
michigan|dinner|MadeOf|wood
glass|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
university|classroom|IsA|building
cinema|car|HasProperty|a type of home
teapot|home|IsA|type of tree
backpack|drawer|UsedFor|storage
medium|pool|CapableOf|be used as transport 
imagination|office|UsedFor|praying
suffering|laughter|IsA|emotion
table|office|UsedFor|housing
stove|plate|HasA|store edible items
theater|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
office|table|IsA|place of formal education
theater|library|IsA|ceremony
crying|trauma|IsA|positive thing
lamp|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
stadium|restaurant|IsA|place of learning
kitchen|backpack|UsedFor|storage
funeral|crowd|CapableOf|have people physically in it
box|table|AtLocation|on the map
porch|floor|UsedFor|cooling
yard|city|MadeOf|sand
dishes|glass|IsA|object
cabinet|backpack|IsA|location
pizza|table|AtLocation|in  a residence
car|internet|CapableOf| be held in your hand
theater|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
human|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
synagogue|palace|HasA|exterior walls
commercial|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
table|cheese|IsA|location or room
like|love|IsA|activity
roof|cage|PartOf|physical structure
cupboard|desktop|IsA|place to store items
park|box|CapableOf|be eaten
pond|ocean|HasProperty|human made
disneyland|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
depression|pain|IsA|positive thing
library|college|UsedFor|studying in
ground|corner|PartOf|the sky
food|bowl|HasProperty|related to eating
bay|pond|HasProperty|human made
imagination|circus|IsA|religious card
town|house|IsA|place where you can live
table|field|HasProperty|edible
outdoors|building|IsA|country
restaurant|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
excitement|laughter|HasProperty|a positive emotion
shelf|pantry|AtLocation|in a kitchen
town|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
classroom|computer|PartOf|admin role
desert|street|AtLocation|at america
jail|party|HasProperty|a place where people sing
cellar|shed|AtLocation|within a building's structure
trunk|floor|UsedFor|keeping things inside
attic|dust|IsA|place in a house
communication|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
countryside|subdivision|IsA|residential area
magazines|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
chair|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
canada|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
cupboard|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
countryside|suburb|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
television|jar|IsA|part of the body
countryside|forest|CapableOf|be man made
case|wallet|IsA|something you eat off
ground|landfill|AtLocation|inside
field|sink|HasProperty|edible
suburb|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
state|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
container|cupboard|IsA|room
florida|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
house|store|CapableOf|have a street address
michigan|street|IsA|building
park|building|IsA|place people work and live
lightning|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
house|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
boat|floor|IsA|place or location
freeway|hospital|IsA|public place
building|mouth|CapableOf|be attended
boat|funeral|MadeOf|wood
knowledge|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
cabinet|notebook|HasProperty|sold in stores
building|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
valley|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
plate|table|IsA|something you eat off
silverware|sink|HasProperty|made of wood
drawer|garage|CapableOf|opened or closed
wood|restaurant|IsA|place or location
confession|people|IsA|place or location
money|controversy|PartOf|mental disorder
prison|australia|CapableOf|be read
head|book|IsA|place for students
kitchen|shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
store|bag|UsedFor|storing physical things
injury|action|IsA|negative emotion
bar|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
woods|hallway|IsA|room
dog|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
garden|college|CapableOf|have people  inside
opera|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
nails|cabinet|IsA|place where students learn
death|argument|HasA|physical element
trouble|army|CapableOf|make you do something
suburbs|montana|HasProperty|a country
jar|food|IsA|event
pot|trunk|IsA|type of business
earth|people|IsA|place
microwave|apartment|UsedFor|storage
trunk|store|IsA|made of wood
wilderness|freeway|IsA|place
motel|shop|IsA|ground where child play
town|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
office|synagogue|CapableOf|have people go inside
contemplating|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
apartment|field|CapableOf|be sweet
apartment|glass|IsA|furniture
michigan|minnesota|IsA|building
cellar|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
concert|theater|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
glass|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
neighborhood|countryside|HasProperty|a country
jar|liquid|UsedFor|drinking 
temple|roof|IsA|place to sleep
cup|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
mountain|sky|HasProperty|man-made
party|television|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
restaurant|homes|UsedFor|ordering a burger
bed|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
cave|freeway|HasA|airplanes
school|museum|PartOf|building
school|doctor|IsA|job
town|farm|AtLocation|on a map
rock|trees|IsA|stone
garage|fly|UsedFor|eating or drinking
theater|conference|IsA|room in a house
table|outside|AtLocation|on the map
war|dance|PartOf|building
backpack|map|IsA|building
snow|rain|IsA|brand
cabinet|woods|IsA|room in a property
america|forest|CapableOf|be read
stretch|exercising|HasProperty|tiring
office|home|CapableOf|have people  inside
continent|bridge|HasA|water
kitchen|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
lights|peanuts|IsA|music related event
synagogue|hospital|PartOf|the human body
mess|bed|AtLocation|with water
museum|library|UsedFor|religious services
building|beach|IsA|country
countryside|beaver|CapableOf|be read
paperwork|house|UsedFor|sitting on
knowledge|information|IsA|place to study
house|sky|IsA|car
china|tropics|IsA|location
tree|table|IsA|place or location
table|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
forest|woods|MadeOf|trees
clouds|attic|IsA|place in a house
earth|tent|IsA|event
hallway|basement|IsA|room in a house
cellar|room|IsA|place
favors|love|IsA|activity
dreams|death|IsA|feeling
theater|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
den|cabinet|CapableOf|be moved around
wedding|school|IsA|part of the body
pantry|trunk|UsedFor|storing things in
table|inside|IsA|place or location
injury|cut|CapableOf|cause pain
market|office|IsA|type /part of building
knowing|hunger|MadeOf|wood
chocolate|restaurant|IsA|event
mountain|forest|HasProperty|man-made
party|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
supermarket|synagogue|IsA|place
warehouse|attic|PartOf|house
store|dinner|UsedFor|to keep items
freeway|house|HasA|airplanes
florida|church|UsedFor|living
vacuum|container|PartOf|wood
sweat|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
flowers|table|IsA|art-related item
church|michigan|IsA|country
pennsylvania|himalayas|IsA|location
earth|apartment|IsA|place you buy food
desktop|shelf|IsA|necessity for education
pain|nightmares|IsA|emotion
sea|river|IsA|somewhere animals swim
earth|people|IsA|part of a human
information|head|HasProperty|a meal
headache|boredom|MadeOf|pause
air|street|HasProperty|white
basement|water|HasProperty|white
field|australia|IsA|place where money is kept
dream|pain|IsA|emotion
clothing|drawer|HasProperty|an object
cabinet|table|CapableOf|be opened
warehouse|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
auditorium|school|UsedFor|sleeping
apartment|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
bottle|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
dust|dinner|IsA|made of wood
garage|attic|IsA|room
drink|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
container|food|UsedFor|keeping things cool
body|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
pot|casino|MadeOf|metal
cellar|university|IsA|place
drugstore|classroom|IsA|place to sleep
kitchen|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
map|cabinet|HasA|walls
suburb|countryside|HasProperty|a location
canada|ontario|PartOf|north america
answer|peanuts|UsedFor|containing objects
office|desk|AtLocation|inside someone's home
porch|airport|IsA|physical item 
dust|clothes|UsedFor|to keep items
bedroom|electricity|UsedFor|work
hospital|library|IsA|ground where child play
carrots|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
city|suburb|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
hallway|bathroom|HasProperty|a room
homes|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
buildings|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
refrigerator|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
classroom|table|UsedFor|packing things inside
box|container|IsA|structure or building
paper|book|CapableOf|be worn
conference|concert|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
outside|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
seaside|countryside|CapableOf|be read
meeting|lawn|IsA|visible object
bedroom|blanket|AtLocation|inside a house
manual|bread|IsA|product that people buy
crying|money|IsA|negative thing
cat|chair|IsA|store items
arboretum|apartment|AtLocation|in the united states
injury|lightning|HasA|physical appearance
information|manual|AtLocation|on a shelf
pool|chicken|CapableOf|be used as transport 
toilet|apartment|IsA|furniture
garden|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
conference|opera|UsedFor|buying food
dishwasher|porch|CapableOf|storing food
coats|office|IsA|place to live
town|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
casino|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
city|farm|UsedFor|over night stays 
air|moon|HasProperty|white
apartment|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
park|television|IsA|event
forest|ground|IsA|animal
lake|desert|MadeOf|trees
conference|dance|IsA|type of room
desktop|table|AtLocation|library
fun|favors|IsA|activity
himalayas|asia|MadeOf|rocks
hunger|remembering|MadeOf|wood
palace|hospital|PartOf|the human body
condiments|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
ocean|bay|HasA|salty water
greenhouse|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
silverware|cupboard|AtLocation|inside an office
enemies|argument|IsA|physical outcome
oklahoma|california|HasA|start with a
universe|container|AtLocation|public area
yard|pond|CapableOf|be part of a house
nature|toronto|PartOf|house
europe|movie|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
microwave|bedroom|IsA|part of a property
cat|rug|IsA|garden
aquarium|pond|IsA|man made
boat|tree|IsA|place or location
dog|cup|AtLocation|on the map
pocket|teacher|IsA|school supply
park|newspaper|UsedFor|reading
store|florida|UsedFor|living
room|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
wallet|drawer|UsedFor|storage
sky|box|CapableOf|fly
sun|air|IsA|car
synagogue|conference|IsA|commercial browser
families|box|CapableOf|be eaten
supermarket|people|IsA|part of a human
restaurant|bar|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
kitchen|desktop|UsedFor|storage
valley|countryside|MadeOf|trees
movies|restaurant|IsA|event
desk|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
restaurant|kitchen|HasProperty|related to eating
valley|state|AtLocation|inside a house
rug|ceiling|AtLocation|above  your head
bowl|bathroom|IsA|food
roof|ground|AtLocation|outside
shelf|bottle|MadeOf|wood
sun|water|HasProperty|white
windowsill|desktop|IsA|person
bedroom|office|HasProperty|easily movable
books|television|MadeOf|meet
anxiety|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
roadway|china|HasProperty|a location
field|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
cupboard|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
pond|park|AtLocation|outside
market|apartment|IsA|type /part of building
attic|corner|IsA|place for clothes
landfill|bearing|UsedFor|farmers 
rock|bridge|IsA|living/once living
case|film|IsA|form of entertainment
stamps|utensils|IsA|furniture
office|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
apartment|table|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
balloon|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
detroit|airplane|UsedFor|travel
dance|building|IsA|room in a house
bedroom|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
attic|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
coats|hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
theater|tent|HasProperty|an event
pond|backyard|AtLocation|outside
bar|party|IsA|building 
desktop|summer|HasProperty|hot
park|disneyland|IsA|place
montana|tent|IsA|home
wedding|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
wilderness|colorado|IsA|activity 
cut|anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
apartment|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
telephone|computer|AtLocation|in the living room
car|mansion|HasProperty|alive
cat|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
shop|home|UsedFor|cooling
house|street|HasProperty|a location
garden|couch|MadeOf|glass
school|toilet|UsedFor|living in
synagogue|museum|HasA|walls
desk|porch|MadeOf|wood
opera|town|UsedFor|buying food
bridge|yard|IsA|living/once living
clothing|floor|UsedFor|reading
money|pocket|CapableOf|hold objects
beach|nest|IsA|living thing
dancing|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
bedroom|backyard|IsA|part of a property
supermarket|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
park|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
ocean|bedroom|IsA|item of clothing
prison|florida|IsA|place
imagination|people|UsedFor|praying
garden|pond|IsA|nation
street|disneyland|AtLocation|at america
town|trees|UsedFor|swimming
stamps|case|IsA|something you eat off
playground|outdoors|IsA|country
cave|library|IsA|place to live
garden|park|HasA|green plant
arkansas|louisiana|IsA|us state
valley|wilderness|IsA|1 syllable word
apartment|bar|AtLocation|in a building
garage|person|AtLocation|at a house
shelf|desktop|CapableOf|be found in a house
tile|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
action|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
cellar|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
wallet|change|HasA|function
pleasure|instruction|MadeOf|wood
office|ocean|UsedFor|reading books
store|box|HasProperty|man-made
medium|soup|IsA|physical item 
forest|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
ontario|canada|PartOf|political geographical area
building|park|IsA|place to grow plants
chocolate|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
briefcase|desktop|HasA|walls
enjoyment|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
corner|computer|AtLocation|inside someone's home
france|underground|IsA|activity 
garden|windowsill|HasA|head
death|desires|AtLocation|usually in a bed
desktop|corner|IsA|building
outside|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
corner|shelf|IsA|place to store items
restaurants|alcohol|UsedFor|eating or drinking
ocean|circus|IsA|n item of furniture
box|cabinet|CapableOf|be eaten
telegram|information|HasProperty|a solid item 
joy|fun|IsA|mental state
funeral|house|PartOf|the human body
park|mountains|IsA|living/once living
dinner|thinking|IsA|place to study
bedroom|university|CapableOf|have people  inside
working|teaching|HasA|ltr p
garage|shed|AtLocation|within a building's structure
desert|china|IsA|state
vase|table|UsedFor|storing items
backyard|outside|IsA|animal
seattle|disneyland|AtLocation|at america
sloth|magazine|MadeOf|water
roof|bedroom|HasA|doors
salad|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
bottle|can|IsA|type of business
safe|head|IsA|place to study
ocean|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
ocean|work|IsA|country or state
action|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
excitement|satisfaction|IsA|verb
kitchen|market|PartOf|business
mexico|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
head|knowledge|IsA|place to study
ocean|forest|HasProperty|man-made
movie|microwave|UsedFor|storage
garbage|television|AtLocation|indoors
jail|air|PartOf|food and drink
sun|hallway|HasProperty|white
dishwasher|table|IsA|dish
cupboard|silverware|HasProperty|edible
doctor|home|IsA|physical item 
lamp|computer|IsA|physical and movable item
hallway|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
backyard|beach|IsA|country
desktop|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
cupboard|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
ocean|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
opera|people|HasProperty|an event
cottage|ground|HasProperty|in a cold climate
cupboard|apartment|CapableOf|be opened/closed
rock|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
kitchen|porch|PartOf|house
toronto|nature|HasProperty|an animal
shelf|anthology|IsA|place or location
bar|state|AtLocation|inside a house
neighborhood|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
library|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
television|radio|CapableOf|make sounds
circus|people|IsA|n item of furniture
sun|building|CapableOf|move location
library|television|MadeOf|people gathering together
town|countryside|HasProperty|a country
outside|backyard|IsA|part of a house
wedding|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
cabinet|cupboard|CapableOf|be used with a computer
hole|cage|IsA|place where money is kept
bowl|cupboard|IsA|place to make food
train|wedding|IsA|tourist destination
heaven|cage|AtLocation|in home
encyclopedia|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
forest|roof|IsA|living thing
buildings|wedding|HasProperty|a gathering place
motel|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
office|church|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
telephone|desktop|IsA|study room
office|hallway|IsA|country or state
telephone|party|HasProperty|used for learning
factory|storage|CapableOf|have people living there
pocket|notebook|IsA|building
chocolate|funeral|IsA|part of the body
action|pocket|CapableOf|hold objects
fun|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
dinner|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
driveway|yard|IsA|state
library|lamp|IsA|building
antarctica|shelf|IsA|place to store items
entertaining|dancing|MadeOf|the human body
cupboard|oven|HasProperty|edible
house|boxes|IsA|room in a building
dust|carpet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
television|safe|HasProperty|a meal
garage|hallway|HasA|usually have people inside
heaven|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
house|school|UsedFor|formal learning
detroit|human|AtLocation|on a map
restaurant|spoon|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
backpack|cupboard|MadeOf|food
sun|house|IsA|specific part of a structure
kitchen|spoon|AtLocation|in a house
battlefield|blood|HasA|exterior walls
voice|mouth|IsA|tv show
thinking|dinner|IsA|place to study
cut|injury|CapableOf|cause pain
magazines|home|CapableOf|store
class|newspaper|HasA|screen
case|backpack|UsedFor|eating
conference|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
workplace|detroit|IsA|place where you can visit
hotel|television|CapableOf|be eaten
auditorium|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
information|meeting|HasProperty|a solid item 
table|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
birds|reflection|IsA|colorful
building|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
bed|magazines|IsA|room or building
bearing|ball|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
ocean|moon|IsA|man made
table|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
knowledge|book|IsA|part media
germany|good|CapableOf|be heard
roof|sun|CapableOf|move location
cupboard|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
street|desert|IsA|vacation destination
factory|aircraft|IsA|job
apartment|ficus|IsA|place where people live
shop|food|MadeOf|metal
briefcase|desktop|CapableOf|be used for travel
bar|beer|MadeOf|metal
house|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
room|loft|UsedFor|decoration
dentist|porch|CapableOf|store
store|action|CapableOf|keeping cash
glass|garage|IsA|physical item 
heaven|australia|IsA|place
utensils|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
radio|clouds|IsA|place in a house
dinner|book|IsA|part media
opera|carnival|IsA|action
forest|countryside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
paper|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
love|bathroom|IsA|public place
jar|purse|HasA|function
suburbs|suburb|HasProperty|a country
michigan|garage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
drawer|clothing|IsA|wooden object 
encyclopedia|manual|UsedFor|viewing/reading
theater|street|CapableOf|keeping cash
apartment|kitchen|IsA|room
groceries|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
drawer|stamps|UsedFor|storage
disneyland|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
desert|tropics|IsA|n individual country
library|store|AtLocation|indoors
human|airport|UsedFor|travel
outside|mountains|IsA|place
backpack|sink|IsA|object
fun|excitement|IsA|verb
drawer|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
marmoset|trees|IsA|n animal
manual|room|IsA|product that people buy
moon|water|MadeOf|organic material
car|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
crying|depression|IsA|negative thing
shelf|groceries|AtLocation|in a kitchen
food|kitchen|HasProperty|used for meals
nails|container|IsA|place where students learn
bridge|toilet|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
desktop|office|IsA|list of alphabets
allergies|cleanliness|MadeOf|golden
bay|sea|HasA|earth
house|notes|CapableOf|move
cellar|shed|CapableOf|be used for storage
countryside|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
sky|box|IsA|living thing
home|homes|CapableOf|move freely
outside|dog|AtLocation|inside a house
cinema|opera|IsA|location
floor|backyard|MadeOf|living parts
desktop|kitchen|HasProperty|edible
fingernails|garden|HasA|first letter c
information|manual|CapableOf|be held in your hand
thinking|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
maze|hospital|IsA|business
cave|building|HasA|airplanes
freeway|bathroom|HasA|airplanes
home|bedroom|HasProperty|a public place
snow|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
candy|jar|IsA|event
drawer|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
jail|motel|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
outdoors|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
desktop|sunshine|IsA|place
store|library|CapableOf|have a street address
opera|convention|IsA|house where man live
happiness|fatigue|IsA|emotion
remembering|problems|IsA|feeling/emotion
picture|shelf|AtLocation|library
smiles|love|HasProperty|an emotion
university|school|UsedFor|recreation activity
mouse|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
car|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
listening|skin|IsA|emotion
box|countryside|IsA|living thing
change|purse|CapableOf|be held in your hands
supermarket|store|UsedFor|purchasing edible items
sink|oven|HasProperty|made of wood
refrigerator|bar|MadeOf|metal
suburb|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
floor|home|CapableOf|be easily carried
restaurant|school|UsedFor|a gathering of people
television|junk|HasProperty|an animal
chicken|medium|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
house|sky|HasProperty|white
store|trunk|MadeOf|food
favors|happiness|IsA|activity
cat|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
floor|ceiling|IsA|item of furniture
desk|conference|IsA|religious card
jail|restaurants|HasProperty|associated with drinking
casino|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
cabinet|container|UsedFor|storage
mouth|voice|IsA|tv show
toronto|trouble|AtLocation|in home
punch|suffering|CapableOf|make you sad
desk|light|HasProperty|found in the house
vase|anthology|IsA|something kept at home
refrigerator|museum|MadeOf|wood
pool|garage|UsedFor|eating or drinking
desktop|telephone|IsA|building 
potatoes|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
casino|church|UsedFor|living
backpack|window|IsA|furniture 
apartment|wedding|UsedFor|putting on a show
entertaining|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
wilderness|fish|HasA|water
container|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
library|classroom|UsedFor|reading and studying
supermarket|building|IsA|place or location
beaver|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
apartment|motel|IsA|building
synagogue|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
atlas|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
refrigerator|refrigerators|CapableOf|store things
bicycle|box|IsA|place
montana|apartment|HasProperty|part of a human
silence|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
plate|cup|IsA|piece of furniture
shelf|clothes|MadeOf|food
building|synagogue|UsedFor|teaching
understanding|relaxation|UsedFor|driving
homes|store|UsedFor|education
ceiling|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
room|shed|AtLocation|within a building's structure
kitchen|office|IsA|type /part of building
pizza|shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
store|passageway|UsedFor|a holiday
ocean|frisbee|UsedFor|throwing
pain|crying|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
newspaper|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
street|seattle|MadeOf|sand
tears|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
paperwork|mess|AtLocation|with water
cabinet|conference|UsedFor|carrying things
stamps|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
montana|city|HasProperty|a country
motel|corner|IsA|study room
depression|shock|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
boredom|allergies|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
house|ocean|PartOf|the galaxy
outdoors|playground|UsedFor|children to play
candy|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
music|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
performing|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
arctic|desert|PartOf|city
wallet|money|HasA|function
corner|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
street|lamp|IsA|car
sunshine|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
box|outside|AtLocation|on the map
ocean|imagination|UsedFor|praying
room|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
backpack|clothing|IsA|made of wood
church|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
countryside|wilderness|IsA|proper noun
bathroom|desk|AtLocation|in a house
paper|locker|IsA|building
body|church|HasProperty|an event
telephone|office|IsA|building
kitchen|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
stream|commercial|IsA|place
desktop|silverware|HasA|edible items for sale
refrigerator|oven|HasA|empty space in it
cup|oven|HasA|store edible items
dust|television|HasA|opening or door
building|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
table|car|UsedFor|storage
air|sun|HasProperty|white
box|school|IsA|event
mansion|classroom|UsedFor| gathering together
theater|cinema|HasProperty|alive
stress|battle|IsA|positive card
injury|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
street|roof|IsA|stone
bay|sea|HasA|3 letters
forest|air|HasProperty|man made
dishwasher|garage|CapableOf|cooking
radio|television|IsA|tv show
ocean|fish|HasA|earth
attic|garage|PartOf|house
continent|town|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
furniture|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
boat|theater|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
microwave|desk|IsA|something found in a household
mexico|valley|HasProperty|made by humans
paper|pencils|IsA|school supply
kitchen|home|HasProperty|able to be entered
store|change|IsA|thing you have on person
staircase|cellar|HasProperty|a type of building
bottle|pantry|IsA|type of business
kitchen|floor|IsA|furniture
inside|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
dinner|shelf|IsA|made of wood
headache|thinking|UsedFor|driving
field|information|UsedFor|studying
people|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
disneyland|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
music|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
audience|car|IsA|location
shower|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
briefcase|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
building|bathroom|HasA|a bath
cellar|water|AtLocation|within a building's structure
drawer|cupboard|HasProperty|furniture
church|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
supermarket|theater|IsA|house where man live
garage|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
restaurant|park|IsA|place people work and live
meeting|book|CapableOf|have people physically in it
jail|porch|UsedFor|cooling
outside|bridge|IsA|living/once living
desk|exchange|IsA|type of room
frogs|ground|AtLocation|in a home
demonstration|table|UsedFor|student
hotel|park|IsA|part of the body
pond|building|IsA|nature-related
humans|park|HasProperty|something you can touch
tennessee|city|MadeOf|country
sorrow|crying|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
country|dirt|IsA|continent
plate|container|IsA|type of food
backyard|trees|HasA|walls
bar|woods|UsedFor|storing things inside
river|garage|UsedFor|eating or drinking
sleep|instruction|MadeOf|wood
castle|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
india|seaside|CapableOf|be read
conference|convention|HasProperty|an event
drawer|bed|HasProperty|a household item
montana|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
burger|condiments|IsA|location or room
closet|carpet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
tent|theater|HasProperty|part of a human
front|peanuts|IsA|cartoon
bridge|rock|IsA|living/once living
pride|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
government|corporation|HasProperty|powerful
nature|chair|AtLocation|in home
learning|listening|IsA|emotion
oven|condiments|HasA|empty space in it
window|glass|CapableOf|be used for school
wilderness|valley|MadeOf|trees
building|garden|IsA|place people work and live
hospital|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
nature|drawer|AtLocation|in home
school|restaurant|UsedFor|free
problems|pain|IsA|emotion
rosebush|canada|IsA|us state
table|desktop|IsA|room
desktop|desk|IsA|ground where child play
laughter|embarrassment|IsA|negative feeling
floor|bedroom|IsA|item of furniture
battle|doctor|MadeOf|by man
container|cup|UsedFor|serving dinner
dishwasher|drawer|IsA|form of entertainment
pencils|pen|IsA|school supply
barnyard|antarctica|UsedFor| housing animals
fly|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
like|laughter|HasProperty|an emotion
tent|wedding|UsedFor|learning
gymnasium|outside|IsA|in a home
church|desktop|UsedFor|work
classroom|computer|IsA|building
hospital|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
dentist|bed|UsedFor|cooling
notebook|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
earth|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
confession|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
hunger|knowing|IsA|emotion
floor|rug|IsA|part of a house
discovery|reflection|IsA|emotion
america|australia|AtLocation|within the usa
exercise|stretch|AtLocation|on the body
texas|arizona|AtLocation|labeled on a map
supermarket|theater|HasProperty|part of a human
money|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
contemplating|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
dishes|window|IsA|furniture 
water|basement|IsA|car
bridge|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
nails|container|UsedFor|writing
money|theater|UsedFor|living
windowsill|ground|HasA|green plant
space|kitchen|AtLocation|public area
party|auditorium|UsedFor|sleeping
table|backpack|CapableOf|be eaten
condiments|pizza|IsA|type of food
fly|river|UsedFor|transportation
home|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
church|god|IsA|place of religion
box|trash|IsA|1 syllable word
paperwork|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
universe|commercial|CapableOf|be currently visited
ocean|toilet|HasA|pipe system attached
town|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
michigan|store|PartOf|house
ocean|churchyard|IsA|country or state
basement|building|IsA|type of room
opera|conference|IsA|social event
apartment|supermarket|CapableOf|be opened/closed
china|countryside|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
museum|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
like|entertaining|IsA|activity
desktop|computer|IsA|n electronic device
earth|town|HasProperty|an event
subdivision|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
throne|europe|UsedFor|learning
cupboard|field|HasProperty|edible
orbit|jar|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
clothing|table|CapableOf|store
carrots|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
church|confession|IsA|religious card
bathroom|bar|IsA|room
himalayas|pennsylvania|MadeOf|rocks
sun|desert|IsA|vacation destination
floor|nature|IsA|place
cabinet|office|CapableOf|be worn
cat|home|IsA|animal
backyard|microwave|IsA|animal
museum|locker|CapableOf|be worn
television|chair|HasProperty|an animal
kitchen|toilet|AtLocation|in a building
party|bar|HasProperty|associated with drinking
conference|auditorium|IsA|n item of furniture
sleep|pain|IsA|emotion
field|punishment|IsA|emotion
kitchen|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
president|government|IsA|book
floor|restaurant|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
desk|table|IsA|necessity for education
cabinet|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
carrots|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
gate|passageway|HasA|airplanes
demonstration|funeral|PartOf|the human body
attic|windowsill|AtLocation|on the floor
hospital|school|IsA|item of clothing
countryside|town|IsA|state
kitchen|oven|HasProperty|edible
demonstration|speaker|PartOf|body
table|apartment|HasProperty|furniture
shelf|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
controversy|instruction|IsA|emotion
cupboard|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
nursery|countryside|IsA|place or location
thinking|university|HasProperty|a meal
condiments|container|IsA|  place
garden|bedroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
jail|church|HasA|usually have people inside
ground|product|IsA|type of shop
room|warehouse|PartOf|house
office|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
attic|closet|HasA|opening or door
junk|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
bicycle|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
earth|theater|IsA|house where man live
argument|death|IsA|positive card
sleep|furniture|PartOf|house
clouds|closet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
carpet|closet|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
suburbs|subdivision|IsA|place where you can live
library|internet|MadeOf|people gathering together
closet|ocean|IsA|item of clothing
trunk|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
government|sun|IsA|book
clouds|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
office|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
apartment|wall|MadeOf|wood
telephone|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
book|safe|IsA|part media
driveway|town|MadeOf|sand
pride|excitement|IsA|verb
bar|homes|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
rock|leaves|PartOf|nature
table|drawer|IsA|wooden object 
cabinet|table|IsA|dish
controversy|crying|HasProperty|typically positive
disneyland|desk|IsA|dish
commercial|universe|AtLocation|at a zoo
nostalgia|sadness|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
store|windowsill|HasProperty|man-made
beach|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
shelf|desktop|AtLocation|library
cupboard|box|MadeOf|plastic
sloth|encyclopedia|IsA|place
factory|band|PartOf|man body
dirt|america|MadeOf|water
america|countryside|CapableOf|be read
party|car|IsA|product that people buy
exchange|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
drink|house|IsA|animal or book
plate|cup|AtLocation|in a house
heaven|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
work|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
contemplating|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
closet|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
sink|pantry|IsA|furniture 
corner|computer|HasA|first letter c
human|school|MadeOf|by man
papers|toilet|AtLocation|home
passageway|love|HasA|airplanes
confusion|panic|IsA|negative feeling or expression
dictionary|commercial|MadeOf|water
sky|floor|IsA|home appliance
shelf|groceries|UsedFor|storing things in
cut|action|CapableOf|fly
china|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
kitchen|porch|AtLocation|in a house
classroom|roof|CapableOf|move location
animals|war|PartOf|the human body
toilet|house|CapableOf|store small items
city|town|AtLocation|inside a house
inspiration|knowledge|IsA|emotion
doctor|clothing|IsA|room or building
highway|bridge|CapableOf|be drived on with car
lamp|sky|IsA|car
clothes|table|IsA|1 syllable word
nature|chair|HasProperty|a household item
body|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
canada|rosebush|MadeOf|fiber
roof|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
homes|bed|UsedFor|travel
movie|wallet|IsA|dish
garden|town|IsA|place to grow plants
chair|garage|IsA|store items
bridge|sink|HasProperty|a building
container|pantry|IsA|  place
trouble|army|IsA|object/thing
church|auditorium|UsedFor|sleeping
desktop|bedroom|IsA|study room
dust|television|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
synagogue|convention|UsedFor|buying food
bicycle|university|PartOf|house
museum|library|IsA|type of building
desktop|meeting|AtLocation|at home
bed|chair|IsA|place or location
synagogue|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
encyclopedia|dictionary|MadeOf|water
rain|house|UsedFor|work
restaurant|library|IsA|place you can go
airport|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
shower|jar|HasA|door
restaurant|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
opera|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
garage|cellar|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
mouse|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
body|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
building|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
opera|apartment|IsA|part of a human
bar|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
restaurant|inside|IsA|place or location
ocean|lamp|IsA|place to live
playground|town|UsedFor|children to play
buildings|internet|HasProperty|alive
bicycle|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
tent|apartment|UsedFor|learning
trees|forest|AtLocation|outside
forest|park|IsA|place people work and live
apartment|car|HasProperty|alive
theater|opera|IsA|location
office|passageway|IsA|item of clothing
bathroom|town|HasProperty|a gathering place
classroom|cabinet|IsA|school supply
yard|forest|IsA|place people work and live
garden|yard|HasA|walls
yard|countryside|HasProperty|a location
jar|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
defeat|anger|HasA|physical element
agreement|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
electricity|television|UsedFor|worship
kitchen|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
city|hallway|IsA|country or state
wallet|change|CapableOf|be held in your hands
backpack|atlas|IsA|building
fox|outside|IsA|country or state name
television|closet|AtLocation|indoors
restaurant|disneyland|IsA|dish
glass|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
drawer|apartment|UsedFor|storage
discovery|fear|IsA|colorful
city|crowd|CapableOf|have people physically in it
funeral|wall|MadeOf|wood
wedding|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
town|suburb|IsA|building
boxes|sewer|IsA|room in a building
air|garden|IsA|animal
chair|shelf|UsedFor|viewing/reading
countryside|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
cupboard|table|IsA|place to store items
closet|universe|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
internet|newspaper|AtLocation|in a store
cabinet|cupboard|AtLocation|indoors
movie|garden|UsedFor|learning
weather|rain|PartOf|city
fight|injuries|IsA|positive card
convention|church|IsA|house where man live
synagogue|office|HasA|walls
case|michigan|IsA|furniture
table|stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
sugar|kitchen|UsedFor|cooking
conference|supermarket|HasA|ticket box usually
forest|sky|IsA|living thing
death|battle|HasA|physical element
sewer|attic|UsedFor|cooking
film|drawer|IsA|dish
bathroom|bed|AtLocation|mostly inside
loft|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
river|puddle|IsA|physical item 
desk|motel|IsA|ground where child play
jar|key|IsA|place you can visit
magazines|airport|CapableOf|store
river|pool|UsedFor|transportation
knowledge|inspiration|MadeOf|wood
snow|street|IsA|brand
building|garden|AtLocation|in united states
bathroom|hallway|IsA|room in a property
street|desert|AtLocation|at america
yard|playground|IsA|nature-related
ocean|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
ceiling|bedroom|CapableOf|be painted
soup|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
supermarket|kitchens|IsA|type of business
london|motel|UsedFor|milking cows
ball|field|UsedFor|farmers 
knowing|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
classroom|cabinet|UsedFor|carrying things
party|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
auditorium|hotel|HasA|fee to visit
building|classroom|MadeOf|wood
office|container|IsA|piece of furniture
hairbrush|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
mountain|forest|CapableOf|fly
movie|europe|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
person|class|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
school|factory|IsA|country
newspaper|television|UsedFor|news
mouse|outside|IsA|room (type)
sorrow|pain|IsA|feeling/emotion
library|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
encyclopedia|newspaper|IsA|place for students
birds|lightning|IsA|colorful
supermarket|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
cleanliness|joy|MadeOf|pause
cellar|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
control|country|IsA|concept or place
container|trunk|UsedFor|storing physical things
bed|skyscraper|UsedFor|travel
outside|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
building|yard|UsedFor|swimming
cupboard|bowl|IsA|food
trauma|crying|IsA|positive thing
shelf|dust|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
shelf|closet|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
supermarket|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
floor|window|IsA|furniture 
bathroom|building|HasA|a bath
desk|corner|AtLocation|inside someone's home
chair|cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
pleasure|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
discovery|relaxation|UsedFor|seeking an answer
roof|plants|PartOf|glass
disneyland|rain|IsA|type of place
florida|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
supermarket|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
garbage|snore|HasProperty|a household item
city|motel|HasProperty|a workplace
dishes|drawer|IsA|furniture 
church|earth|IsA|planet
mountains|texas|HasA|car
office|university|IsA|object that can be held
bubblegum|purse|HasA|function
motion|stretch|HasProperty|tiring
carnival|disneyland|IsA|place or location
dream|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
soup|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
clothes|drawer|HasProperty|an object
hairbrush|car|CapableOf|move location
elevator|war|CapableOf|be performed
briefcase|container|IsA|school supply
montana|apartment|HasProperty|an event
chair|glasses|IsA|alive
dishes|backpack|IsA|object
cat|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
case|plate|CapableOf|be held in your hands
clothing|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
synagogue|library|UsedFor|holding art collections
inspiration|car|HasA|positive connotation
sleep|problems|MadeOf|wood
street|state|IsA|business that serves food
pantry|closet|UsedFor|storing things in
food|store|IsA|type of room
bed|table|AtLocation|on the map
encyclopedia|television|HasProperty|a meal
box|peanuts|HasA|to do with planets
bed|desk|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
table|plate|CapableOf|store things
wallet|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
kitchen|glass|HasProperty|edible
universe|house|HasProperty|in or is a building
manual|jail|IsA|product that people buy
outside|cellar|IsA|room
cabinet|teacher|IsA|place where students learn
lasagna|plate|HasProperty|used at meal time
trunk|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
sweat|death|AtLocation|usually in a bed
bedroom|table|HasProperty|edible
kitchen|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
drawer|attic|HasProperty|a household item
desktop|toilet|AtLocation|at home
beach|trees|IsA|country
dream|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
television|chocolate|IsA|event
oven|stove|HasA|empty space in it
skyscraper|homes|PartOf|house 
jail|school|IsA|building
carnival|concert|HasA|ticket box usually
house|jar|CapableOf|can you drink it
school|party|UsedFor|sleeping
state|city|IsA|building
africa|world|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
floor|shelf|MadeOf|wood
crowd|auditorium|CapableOf|have people physically in it
desk|kitchen|UsedFor|cooking
church|god|UsedFor|praying
trash|case|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
office|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
room|warehouse|AtLocation|within a building's structure
refrigerator|container|MadeOf|metal
desk|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
earth|opera|HasProperty|part of a human
map|backpack|IsA|place of learning
manual|refrigerator|IsA|product that people buy
discovery|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
magazine|stream|IsA|place
pond|ocean|IsA|somewhere animals swim
key|florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
couch|bed|UsedFor|travel
desktop|dust|CapableOf|contain multiple people
desk|trash|IsA|1 syllable word
pocket|purse|IsA|place you can visit
good|carnival|IsA|action
wings|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
table|cupboard|IsA|made of wood
families|television|IsA|part of the body
humiliation|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
corner|lamp|IsA|study room
ocean|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
apartment|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
montana|imagination|IsA|place of religion
wilderness|suburbs|IsA|proper noun
sky|carpet|UsedFor|building the structure of house
container|condiments|HasA|empty space in it
film|plate|IsA|something found in a household
medium|sink|UsedFor|eating or drinking
garage|apartment|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
entertaining|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
stamps|plate|IsA|something found in a household
supermarket|conference|IsA|location
school|backpack|UsedFor|learning
bowl|spoon|UsedFor|serving
exercise|exercising|CapableOf|cause injury
basement|ground|IsA|car
bathroom|concert|CapableOf|have people  inside
frisbee|ocean|UsedFor|throwing
australia|wilderness|IsA|animal
doctor|jail|CapableOf|provide a service
dinner|air|CapableOf|be entered
argument|fight|IsA|physical outcome
sea|valley|IsA|somewhere animals swim
maze|gate|IsA|business
continent|valley|HasA|earth
house|bedroom|IsA|room (type)
ground|park|CapableOf|laugh
landfill|outside|AtLocation|indoors
peanuts|answer|HasA|to do with planets
school|office|CapableOf|have a street address
roof|museum|IsA|place to store items
box|school|CapableOf|be eaten
ceiling|table|MadeOf|paper
bed|television|PartOf|house
school|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
forest|desert|IsA|1 syllable word
forest|garden|IsA|nation
subdivision|suburb|IsA|place where you can live
mouse|trash|IsA|furniture
dishwasher|cabinet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
cabinet|nails|IsA|place where students learn
nebraska|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
kitchen|bar|IsA|room
couch|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
trash|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
relaxation|fun|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
street|beach|HasProperty|hot
cabinet|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
bicycle|box|PartOf|house
table|wall|MadeOf|wood
shelf|window|IsA|furniture 
apartment|motel|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
washington|field|IsA|location
hallway|toilet|AtLocation|in a building
market|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
knowledge|crying|IsA|negative feeling
attic|junk|IsA|store items
desktop|wall|AtLocation|library
basement|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
stamps|apartment|UsedFor|storage
disneyland|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
cupboard|field|HasA|edible items for sale
hole|russia|UsedFor|cooking
bus|hallway|IsA|country or state
hole|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
outside|home|UsedFor|cooking food
garage|apartment|CapableOf|hold people against their will
information|library|IsA|part media
party|telephone|IsA|building 
hotel|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
party|corner|HasProperty|used for learning
supermarket|cupboard|CapableOf|be opened/closed
town|playground|CapableOf|be drived on with car
fight|aggression|IsA|positive card
bar|market|IsA|piece of furniture
clothes|shelf|IsA|1 syllable word
book|manual|UsedFor|instructions
street|city|HasProperty|a location
carpet|windowsill|HasProperty|used for storage
television|speaker|AtLocation|in office blocks
closet|room|IsA|building
key|money|HasA|function
cage|heaven|IsA|country
house|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
roof|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
program|desktop|UsedFor|worship
temple|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
store|house|MadeOf|food
church|restaurant|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
town|wedding|UsedFor|over night stays 
office|barn|UsedFor|fun
drawer|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
field|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
countryside|ground|IsA|living/once living
trees|outdoors|IsA|country
exhaustion|allergies|MadeOf|nature
desk|plate|IsA|1 syllable word
table|silverware|HasA|edible items for sale
garden|park|IsA|place
candy|park|IsA|public building
skin|apartment|HasProperty|an event
airport|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
bowl|mouse|CapableOf|be used with a computer
bowl|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
stress|anger|IsA|negative feeling or expression
mountain|playground|HasProperty|a country
attic|warehouse|CapableOf|work
highway|freeway|CapableOf|be lived in
desk|motel|IsA|study room
town|apartment|IsA|commercial browser
attic|cabinet|UsedFor|mainly sleep
outside|car|AtLocation|inside a house
television|information|HasProperty|a publication
skyscraper|detroit|CapableOf|move freely
cabinet|house|UsedFor|cooking
shoes|motel|IsA|something you can own
junk|attic|PartOf|house
carpet|closet|HasProperty|found inside a house
city|montana|UsedFor|driving 
backpack|trunk|UsedFor|storage
library|information|IsA|part media
elevator|chair|IsA|place you visit
discovery|action|CapableOf|cause pain
bar|can|UsedFor|storing things in
park|outside|IsA|living/once living
bedroom|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
cup|car|AtLocation|on the map
bathroom|field|CapableOf| be moved
backpack|box|UsedFor|packing things inside
bridge|wilderness|HasA|water
silverware|field|HasProperty|edible
mountain|canada|AtLocation|at a party
garden|park|UsedFor|swimming
apartment|garage|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
remembering|dream|IsA|emotion
color|book|IsA|part media
bridge|jar|HasA|pipe system attached
shop|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
subdivision|street|IsA|state
bar|hotel|HasProperty|a property 
apartment|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
dust|paint|MadeOf|wood
television|motel|IsA|ground where child play
yard|backyard|CapableOf|be man made
boat|country|HasA|water
trees|leaves|AtLocation|outside
farm|town|UsedFor|over night stays 
shop|desk|HasProperty|1 syllable
concert|funeral|IsA| event
california|america|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
classroom|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
chair|kitchen|CapableOf|move people
town|montana|IsA|place or location
floor|chair|PartOf|house
junk|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
soup|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
playground|garden|IsA|country
chairs|table|UsedFor|furnishing a house
bedroom|glass|HasProperty|edible
sea|moon|IsA|vacation destination
party|jail|CapableOf|be entered
countryside|birds|HasProperty|man made
newspaper|internet|UsedFor|news
motel|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
auditorium|monastery|UsedFor|praying
cat|trouble|IsA|store items
suburb|city|UsedFor|transportation
opera|confusion|PartOf|building
desk|chair|IsA|item of furniture
supermarket|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
table|drawer|HasA|doors
human|airport|PartOf|house 
field|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
fun|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
spoon|bowl|IsA|type of room
hotel|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
film|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
lamp|speaker|CapableOf|plug into the wall
company|gate|IsA|public place
clouds|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
kitchen|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
cinema|theater|HasProperty|a place expressly for singing
kitchen|glass|MadeOf|metal
building|cave|IsA|place to live
buildings|bathroom|IsA|location
silverware|shelf|UsedFor|washing or cooking
nature|trouble|IsA|part of a house
meeting|europe|UsedFor|learning
suburb|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
classroom|bar|UsedFor|car repair
marmoset|snow|MadeOf|metal
office|computer|IsA|country or state
opera|wedding|IsA|planet
magazines|dentist|CapableOf|store
school|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
puddle|fly|UsedFor|transportation
depression|sadness|HasProperty|linked to food
shelf|can|UsedFor|storing things in
smiles|communication|IsA|verb
town|neighborhood|IsA|residential area
street|ceiling|IsA|car
suburb|roadway|IsA|state
table|film|IsA|something found in a household
field|roof|IsA|stone
wall|freeway|HasA|airplanes
house|classroom|UsedFor|student
ceiling|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
kitchen|pantry|IsA|location
corner|telephone|HasProperty|used for learning
university|concert|IsA|object that can be held
garden|bathtub|HasA|first letter c
landfill|field|MadeOf|metal or plastic
container|jar|UsedFor|keeping things cool
pantry|can|HasProperty|a beverage
crying|pain|IsA|positive thing
dishwasher|table|IsA|something found in a household
floor|junk|IsA|store items
antarctica|garage|IsA|place to store items
church|earth|UsedFor|buying food
bar|bottle|HasA|plug or power source
yard|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
ficus|refrigerator|IsA|place people live
mouse|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
rain|moon|IsA|car
school|hotel|IsA|part of the body
battle|competing|HasProperty|about  clashes
bathroom|university|IsA|object that can be held
newspaper|magazines|IsA|room or building
dust|garbage|AtLocation|indoors
pennsylvania|himalayas|MadeOf|rocks
house|closet|HasA|doors
class|field|IsA|part media
ground|rain|HasProperty|white
conference|cabinet|UsedFor|carrying things
museum|classroom|HasA|usually have people inside
house|neighborhood|IsA|residential area
pantry|cabinet|AtLocation|indoors
happiness|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
pot|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
countryside|suburbs|IsA|proper noun
pot|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
condiments|table|CapableOf|store things
gentleman|clothing|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
box|food|IsA|part of the body
temple|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
bedroom|ceiling|IsA|item of furniture
book|information|UsedFor|reading
paint|dust|MadeOf|wood
backyard|yard|IsA|nature-related
playground|switzerland|AtLocation|at a party
cabinet|dust|CapableOf|contain multiple people
city|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
store|conference|IsA|place where students learn
sorrow|depression|IsA|emotion
house|pantry|HasA|door
clothes|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
cupboard|bowl|IsA|location
office|conference|IsA|school supply
forest|canada|IsA|country
books|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
garden|building|AtLocation|in united states
stove|kitchen|HasA|empty space in it
cave|maze|HasA|airplanes
drawer|case|IsA|piece of furniture
floor|trouble|IsA|store items
concert|table|UsedFor|work
store|shelf|IsA|made of wood
highway|street|AtLocation|on a map
glass|kitchen|IsA|furniture
trouble|floor|HasProperty|a household item
excitement|smiles|IsA|verb
plate|container|IsA|location or room
opera|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
rug|backyard|MadeOf|living parts
library|table|IsA|building
beaver|florida|CapableOf|be read
school|house|HasA|roof
house|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
commercial|dictionary|MadeOf|water
snore|garbage|IsA|store items
shelf|pantry|IsA|object
store|car|MadeOf|wood
alcohol|party|IsA|product that people buy
australia|field|IsA|animal
church|house|UsedFor|work
trouble|drawer|IsA|store items
wilderness|france|IsA|place
butterflies|pride|CapableOf|fly
dictionary|pocket|UsedFor|viewing/reading
building|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
disneyland|apartment|IsA|furniture
injury|reflection|HasA|physical appearance
song|silence|IsA|electronic device
understanding|revelations|UsedFor|driving
sunshine|snow|IsA|vacation destination
box|mouth|IsA|place
cupboard|sewer|HasProperty|found below ground level
newspaper|class|IsA|place for students
attic|room|IsA|place
town|china|IsA|state
australia|california|CapableOf|be read
house|hotel|UsedFor|washing
bar|kitchen|UsedFor|urination
chair|desk|HasProperty|found in the house
car|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
store|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
ocean|house|MadeOf|organic material
dust|landfill|HasA|opening or door
crying|pleasure|MadeOf|wood
jail|shop|UsedFor|cooling
nature|lamp|IsA|car
key|pocket|CapableOf|hold objects
dinner|backpack|CapableOf|be held in your hands
table|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
stamps|restaurant|IsA|dish
universe|unemployment|IsA|drink
happiness|favors|IsA|verb
attic|garage|HasProperty|a household item
classroom|shelf|IsA|necessity for education
kitchen|refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
alabama|arkansas|HasA|even number of letter
hotel|airport|UsedFor|borrowing books
synagogue|people|UsedFor|praying
basement|pantry|HasA|roof
building|attic|CapableOf|work
anxiety|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
store|beach|CapableOf|fly
hospital|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
television|food|IsA|part of the body
information|knowledge|PartOf|human mind
opera|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
burrow|fly|IsA|activity 
snore|junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
toilet|drawer|AtLocation|home
cupboard|drawer|HasProperty|furniture
nest|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
classroom|airport|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
garden|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
television|bed|HasProperty|a household item
church|convention|UsedFor|learning
house|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
backpack|clothing|HasProperty|an object
university|book|IsA|physical tangible object
classroom|wedding|HasProperty|alive
locker|library|HasA|walls
auditorium|imagination|IsA|religious card
trash|newspaper|HasProperty|a solid item 
apartment|wedding|UsedFor| gathering together
wilderness|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
closet|vacuum|AtLocation|public area
library|hospital|UsedFor|a holiday
condiments|pizza|IsA|location or room
plants|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a home
headache|park|MadeOf|golden
cabinet|desktop|HasA|walls
town|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
sweat|tension|IsA|positive card
swimming|forest|HasProperty|man made
corner|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
warehouse|garage|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
soup|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
effort|movement|HasProperty|tiring
refrigerator|shelf|IsA|place to store items
wilderness|burrow|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
headache|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
office|kitchen|IsA|ceremony
cupboard|dishwasher|HasProperty|furniture
briefcase|classroom|IsA|building
florida|countryside|IsA|place
vase|windowsill|UsedFor|at home
hospital|house|IsA|business
canada|washington|PartOf|political geographical area
apartment|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
library|television|IsA|physical tangible object
food|stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
school|mansion|HasProperty|a type of building
reflection|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
bay|river|IsA|small body of water
dinner|library|IsA|part media
sky|candle|IsA|car
cabinet|glasses|IsA|alive
cup|bar|IsA|piece of furniture
apartment|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
world|town|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
floor|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
aquarium|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
loft|store|CapableOf|sleeping
shop|table|UsedFor|cooling
ground|apartment|AtLocation|in the united states
doorway|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
city|work|IsA|country or state
basement|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
beach|sea|HasProperty|hot
building|airport|HasA|beds
human|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
pain|trauma|IsA|negative feeling
puddle|fly|IsA|physical item 
roof|leaves|AtLocation|outside
trauma|problems|IsA|positive thing
inspiration|instruction|MadeOf|wood
beer|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
table|drawer|UsedFor|reading
encyclopedia|books|CapableOf|be used virtually 
cabinet|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
synagogue|tent|UsedFor|learning
room|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
kitchen|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
television|meeting|MadeOf|meet
rain|seattle|AtLocation|at america
cut|birds|IsA|colorful
hallway|kitchen|HasA|usually have people inside
fun|happiness|IsA|verb
soup|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
restaurants|party|HasProperty|associated with drinking
dentist|home|CapableOf|store
canada|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
magazines|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
action|change|UsedFor|living
drugstore|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
cup|market|IsA|type of room in houses
canada|building|IsA|place people work and live
remembering|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
briefcase|notebook|IsA|building
airport|porch|CapableOf|store
countryside|wilderness|IsA|natural thing
school|funeral|PartOf|the human body
city|stable|MadeOf|country
attic|shed|CapableOf|be used for storage
kitchen|universe|IsA|place or location to visit
house|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
bedroom|shelf|MadeOf|wood
electricity|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
punch|field|HasA|punish
meeting|book|IsA|part media
entertaining|learning|IsA|emotion
garage|bathroom|IsA|room in a property
suburbs|town|IsA|residential area
work|car|HasA|use electricity
jellyfish|store|UsedFor|reading
dirt|ocean|IsA|continent
park|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
body|tent|IsA|house where man live
garden|church|IsA|object that can be held
inside|notes|UsedFor|happiness
classroom|kitchen|PartOf|vehicle
briefcase|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
yard|park|HasProperty|man made
university|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
sky|lamp|UsedFor|work
china|town|CapableOf|be parked on
building|hotel|IsA|item of clothing
beach|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
mexico|park|HasProperty|outdoors
jar|ballpark|IsA|cartoon
book|books|IsA|thing you can touch
bathroom|store|CapableOf|fly
lamp|corner|IsA|building
discomfort|stupid|IsA|emotion
nature|air|UsedFor|work
information|newspaper|UsedFor|news
lamp|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
window|office|IsA|ceremony
desires|vaccines|CapableOf|hurt
street|garage|UsedFor|eating or drinking
stamps|drawer|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
library|school|IsA|place
office|school|CapableOf|have a street address
city|suburbs|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
disneyland|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
laughter|communication|IsA|verb
pride|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
library|homes|IsA|type of building
demonstration|house|PartOf|admin role
bathroom|university|CapableOf|have people  inside
performing|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
mountains|california|IsA|state in uk
office|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
nature|bedroom|IsA|animal
balloon|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
garden|garage|MadeOf|water
palace|outside|UsedFor|sport
discovery|contemplating|IsA|colorful
tent|synagogue|IsA|commercial browser
table|market|IsA|type of food
ocean|river|IsA|physical item 
kitchen|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
desk|desktop|CapableOf|contain multiple people
wilderness|mountains|MadeOf|metal
street|yard|MadeOf|sand
california|indiana|PartOf|house
house|toilet|HasA|pipe system attached
dishwasher|film|IsA|form of entertainment
bathroom|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
cabinet|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
arboretum|teapot|IsA|place people live
food|condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
paper|backpack|UsedFor|carrying things
smiles|happiness|HasProperty|an emotion
conference|carnival|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
floor|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
clothes|utensils|MadeOf|food
work|village|IsA|country or state
arkansas|mountains|HasA|start with a
music|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
mansion|apartment|UsedFor| gathering together
conference|classroom|HasProperty|sold in stores
beaver|egypt|UsedFor|digging 
street|corner|HasA|feet to stand 
garage|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
hallway|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
conference|montana|IsA|part of a human
fear|pride|CapableOf|fly
cellar|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
countryside|mountain|IsA|living thing
refrigerator|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
wedding|apartment|IsA|place
information|newspaper|AtLocation|in a store
floor|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
bed|snore|HasProperty|a household item
aquarium|boat|HasProperty|human made
garage|sleep|AtLocation|in home
office|party|IsA|building
store|apartment|CapableOf| be moved
church|attic|AtLocation|within a building's structure
montana|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
newspaper|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
magazine|doctor|CapableOf|store
furniture|snore|HasProperty|a household item
airport|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
theater|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
park|controversy|IsA|feeling
information|university|UsedFor|studying
stretch|motion|HasProperty|usually fast
roof|bathroom|HasProperty|man-made
teacher|store|UsedFor|writing
corner|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
garden|ground|IsA|part of nature
funeral|war|PartOf|the human body
bedroom|hallway|IsA|type /part of building
funeral|school|CapableOf|be eaten
food|cut|IsA|negative emotion
apartment|aircraft|UsedFor|pooping
government|country|IsA|object/thing
castle|detroit|CapableOf|fly
wilderness|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
montana|suburbs|HasProperty|a country
yard|garden|CapableOf|be man made
waterfall|river|HasA|earth
headache|joy|CapableOf|be physically touched
sink|bottle|HasA|door
plate|stove|HasA|store edible items
earth|body|IsA|part of a human
death|sweat|AtLocation|usually in a bed
jar|box|CapableOf|be watched
boat|medium|IsA|physical item 
backpack|sink|IsA|furniture
pizza|cup|IsA|location or room
fly|puddle|IsA|physical item 
shelf|museum|AtLocation|indoors
synagogue|heaven|IsA|religious card
action|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
ocean|countryside|PartOf|natural landscape
airport|church|CapableOf|have people  inside
ceiling|sky|UsedFor|work
bathroom|museum|IsA|room in a property
butterflies|lightning|CapableOf|fly
room|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
boat|car|CapableOf|be used as transport 
ground|countryside|IsA|natural product or man made
bridge|countryside|IsA|living/once living
office|computer|AtLocation|in the living room
river|fly|UsedFor|eating or drinking
atlas|paper|HasA|walls
market|store|IsA|food
backyard|ceiling|HasA|legs
toronto|snore|HasProperty|a household item
case|drawer|MadeOf|wood
remembering|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
park|church|IsA|place where you can visit
chair|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
trunk|mail|IsA|room in a home
apartment|tent|UsedFor|learning
yard|trees|UsedFor|swimming
cave|airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
information|internet|AtLocation|in a store
game|europe|UsedFor|learning
wilderness|countryside|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
television|meeting|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
condiments|plate|HasA|empty space in it
puddle|pool|UsedFor|transportation
attic|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
farmyard|field|IsA|location
warehouse|room|CapableOf|be used for storage
apartment|supermarket|IsA|place or location
tree|inside|HasProperty|furniture in a house
office|churchyard|IsA|country or state
confusion|teaching|IsA|negative emotion
fox|tennessee|IsA|state in uk
desert|moon|IsA|vacation destination
air|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
plate|bowl|IsA|dish
internet|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
bank|lemur|IsA|country
hallway|bathroom|UsedFor|car repair
silence|choir|HasA|sound
garage|house|IsA|type of building
knowledge|meeting|IsA|place for students
beaver|excavation|UsedFor|driving 
apartment|museum|UsedFor|urination
salad|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
church|action|UsedFor|living
apartment|synagogue|IsA|event
playground|town|HasA|walls
ocean|jar|CapableOf|can you drink it
building|storage|UsedFor|storing stuffs
garage|assessment|CapableOf|be attended
synagogue|theater|HasProperty|an event
airport|airplane|UsedFor|travel
game|restaurant|IsA|place people can meet
bedroom|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
suffering|punch|UsedFor|punish
hairbrush|classroom|IsA|place to sleep
mail|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
desk|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
confession|concert|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
clouds|jail|PartOf|food and drink
locker|paper|IsA|building
bicycle|street|PartOf|house
bathroom|closet|HasProperty|a place where people sing
candle|room|UsedFor|work
fear|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
bed|trouble|IsA|place
exchange|desk|IsA|type of room
apartment|mansion|HasProperty|a type of home
shop|desk|IsA|n electronic device
purse|pocket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
florida|money|UsedFor|living
nightmares|trauma|IsA|positive thing
classroom|home|IsA|object that can be held
lightning|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
restaurant|love|IsA|state in usa
peanuts|jar|IsA|cartoon
stuff|box|IsA|furniture
newspaper|floor|IsA|physical item 
closet|passageway|IsA|place to live
town|suburb|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
classroom|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
barn|synagogue|UsedFor|teaching
ocean|dirt|IsA|continent
desert|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
elevator|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
closet|school|IsA|place to live
library|party|IsA|building
burrow|mountains|PartOf|natural scenario
airport|library|CapableOf|provide a service
wallet|key|HasA|function
attic|bed|IsA|place
safe|meeting|IsA|part media
home|apartment|UsedFor|storing food
school|house|UsedFor|borrowing books
drawer|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
windowsill|closet|AtLocation|on the floor
desktop|museum|UsedFor|reading
table|jail|CapableOf|store
bar|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
celebrating|fun|IsA|verb
cup|park|AtLocation|on the map
funeral|candy|IsA|part of the body
shelf|corner|AtLocation|indoors
outside|mountain|MadeOf|plastic
roof|loft|CapableOf|move location
mexico|america|AtLocation|labeled on a map
joy|park|CapableOf|happiness
convention|montana|IsA|part of a human
airport|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
sink|river|UsedFor|transportation
classroom|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
assessment|speaker|PartOf|body
understanding|discovery|UsedFor|seeking an answer
supermarket|pantry|IsA|location
office|library|CapableOf|have people go inside
field|washington|IsA|location
hospital|gate|IsA|business
furniture|drawer|IsA|place
nebraska|town|AtLocation|inside a house
wallet|bubblegum|IsA|thing you have on person
information|library|AtLocation|in a store
party|barn|UsedFor|communication
room|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
lamp|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
rug|furniture|IsA|type of building
closet|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
dance|table|IsA|type of room
wilderness|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
library|theater|CapableOf|float
excitement|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
house|air|IsA|car
europe|restaurant|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
earth|synagogue|IsA|place you buy food
countryside|california|CapableOf|be read
supermarket|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
remembering|depression|IsA|negative feeling
palace|house|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
theater|opera|IsA|part of a human
trunk|store|HasProperty|an object
mouth|movies|IsA|event
landfill|outside|AtLocation|inside
pantry|refrigerators|UsedFor|keeping things cool
mouse|disneyland|CapableOf|be used with a computer
map|paper|UsedFor|reading
attic|light|HasProperty|found in the house
good|confusion|CapableOf|be heard
tent|convention|IsA|part of a human
desert|seattle|AtLocation|at america
table|kitchen|IsA|furniture 
lamp|building|UsedFor|a holiday
kitchen|universe|HasProperty|in or is a building
microwave|company|HasA|use electricity
movie|case|UsedFor|storage
pantry|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
bathroom|cabinet|HasA|door
space|jar|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
bedroom|kitchen|CapableOf|move people
books|television|PartOf|publication
dishwasher|closet|UsedFor|indoor activities
forest|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
sugar|disneyland|HasProperty|found below ground level
shock|pain|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
cellar|garage|IsA|place
opera|town|IsA|house where man live
pain|controversy|HasProperty|typically positive
house|groceries|CapableOf|be moved around
conference|refrigerator|UsedFor|reading
manual|classroom|UsedFor|viewing/reading
conference|wedding|UsedFor|living inside of
monastery|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
disneyland|forest|IsA|geographic location
church|desk|UsedFor|praying
death|vaccines|CapableOf|hurt
neighborhood|china|MadeOf|sand
liquid|pot|HasA|connection to food
container|plate|IsA|  place
detroit|castle|CapableOf|fly
bathroom|carnival|CapableOf|be heard
window|building|MadeOf|wood
store|library|AtLocation|indoors
dishwasher|porch|IsA|furniture
drawer|cabinet|HasProperty|furniture
creek|countryside|MadeOf|trees
car|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
book|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
cupboard|utensils|MadeOf|food
sweat|fight|IsA|positive card
greenhouse|house|PartOf|body
desk|wallet|UsedFor|storage
backyard|restaurant|IsA|country
mexico|factory|PartOf|man body
cabinet|office|CapableOf|be used for travel
swimming|tree|HasProperty|man made
school|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
sweetness|punch|IsA|emotion
outside|backyard|IsA|animal
house|gate|HasA|airplanes
school|stadium|CapableOf|fly
montana|excavation|IsA|country
home|floor|UsedFor|reading
food|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
oklahoma|america|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
money|action|CapableOf|hold objects
kitchen|oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
floor|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
closet|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
colorado|texas|IsA|state
driveway|city|HasProperty|a location
store|apartment|IsA|food
newspaper|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
windowsill|park|HasProperty|hot
butterflies|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
kitchen|museum|IsA|room in a property
bathroom|person|CapableOf|be performed
canada|trees|IsA|country
book|paper|HasA|walls
pond|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
pond|town|IsA|place people work and live
forest|swimming|HasProperty|man made
computer|cabinet|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
kitchens|pantry|IsA|type of room in houses
refrigerator|bowl|CapableOf|be used with a computer
program|desktop|MadeOf|wood
backpack|stuff|IsA|furniture
throne|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
opera|conference|IsA|house where man live
desert|woods|IsA|natural thing
playground|restaurant|IsA|country
bedroom|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
cellar|supermarket|CapableOf| be moved
homes|library|AtLocation|indoors
bed|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
basement|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
crying|hunger|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
cabinet|nails|UsedFor|carrying things
sky|ceiling|AtLocation|above the ground
shelf|wall|IsA|place to store items
dishes|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
attic|container|UsedFor|cooking
forest|outdoors|IsA|nature-related
suburb|bedroom|IsA|business that serves food
paperwork|tile|IsA|building
forest|cage|CapableOf|fly
cupboard|table|CapableOf|be eaten
body|supermarket|UsedFor|buying food
bread|dinner|IsA|product that people buy
sink|shelf|HasA|door
relaxation|satisfaction|IsA|mental state
sadness|pride|IsA|feeling
city|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
injury|cut|IsA|emotion
home|ground|IsA|place where people live
storage|warehouse|MadeOf|water
sweetness|tears|IsA|noun
warehouse|factory|MadeOf|water
warehouse|building|AtLocation|in united states
clouds|room|IsA|product that people buy
city|lake|IsA|place
greenhouse|house|AtLocation|outside
hallway|churchyard|AtLocation|on a map
dinner|house|IsA|made of wood
restaurant|stamps|IsA|dish
dust|television|HasProperty|used for storage
apartment|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
apartment|garage|CapableOf|storing food
plate|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
church|wedding|IsA|place
rock|forest|IsA|living/once living
supermarket|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
china|driveway|IsA|state
thinking|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
countryside|trees|CapableOf|be man made
bathroom|building|IsA|type of room
jar|ocean|UsedFor|link between places
workplace|factory|UsedFor|children to study
clothing|store|IsA|made of wood
town|roadway|MadeOf|sand
bowl|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
office|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
manual|library|UsedFor|reading
nature|cage|MadeOf|trees
television|speaker|CapableOf|plug into the wall
street|desert|IsA|type of land
restaurant|electricity|UsedFor|work
library|television|IsA|building
field|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
conference|body|IsA|house where man live
work|ceiling|MadeOf|wood
church|building|IsA|type of room
desktop|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
morgue|blood|PartOf|the human body
driveway|yard|CapableOf|be parked on
hospital|airport|IsA|public place
room|warehouse|IsA|place
sink|glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
corner|street|MadeOf|asphalt
synagogue|barn|IsA|sound
sun|roof|CapableOf|move location
chocolate|school|IsA|part of the body
manual|books|CapableOf|be held with one hand
roof|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
suburb|suburbs|IsA|state
kitchen|classroom|MadeOf|wood
telephone|bar|HasProperty|a property 
movies|humans|IsA|drink
library|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
nightmares|problems|IsA|negative thing
table|garden|UsedFor|worship
pride|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
bottle|cupboard|AtLocation|in a kitchen
dishwasher|rug|AtLocation|on the map
homes|bathroom|PartOf|house 
building|airplane|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
flower|windowsill|UsedFor|at home
school|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
kitchen|theater|IsA|ceremony
thinking|university|HasProperty|related to studying
windowsill|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
jail|house|CapableOf|be closed
ground|television|HasA|opening or door
laughter|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
case|microwave|IsA|something you eat off
stuff|box|CapableOf|be held in your hands
seattle|street|AtLocation|at america
restaurant|toilet|IsA|furniture
fox|arkansas|HasA|even number of letter
bedroom|house|HasA|bed for sleeping
head|book|IsA|part media
drawer|trouble|IsA|place
kitchen|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
connection|love|AtLocation|library
briefcase|office|IsA|place of learning
beach|garden|IsA|nature-related
cave|freeway|HasA|beds
school|hole|IsA|animal or book
restaurant|church|MadeOf|glass
basement|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
garage|garden|UsedFor|storing stuffs
cabinet|wallet|IsA|something found in a household
storage|attic|CapableOf|work
sunbathers|sea|HasProperty|hot
building|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
funeral|box|CapableOf|be eaten
dentist|airport|CapableOf|store
refrigerator|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
dishwasher|pot|AtLocation|inside a house
cupboard|drawer|CapableOf|be opened
lemur|cage|AtLocation|in home
punishment|sweetness|IsA|noun
library|ocean|UsedFor|reading books
notebook|cabinet|HasProperty|sold in stores
hole|australia|MadeOf|paper
school|apartment|CapableOf|fly
europe|church|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
performing|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
ocean|tree|IsA|location
shed|fun|IsA|place to pray
montana|canada|PartOf|political geographical area
people|apartment|IsA|place you buy food
kitchen|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
homes|jail|UsedFor|a gathering of people
cupboard|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
clouds|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
kitchen|basement|IsA|room in a building
kitchen|food|AtLocation|in  a residence
jar|house|PartOf|the galaxy
mountain|picture|MadeOf|rocks
university|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
fulfillment|empathy|IsA|something considered as positive
supermarket|cinema|HasProperty|a gathering place
roof|plants|CapableOf|laugh
disneyland|seattle|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
antarctica|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
shop|corner|IsA|ground where child play
leaves|countryside|IsA|man made thing
loft|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
outside|car|AtLocation|on the map
hotel|television|IsA|part of the body
silverware|field|HasProperty|made of wood
passageway|closet|IsA|place to live
shelf|car|UsedFor|storage
hole|school|IsA|animal or book
shock|problems|HasProperty|typically positive
seattle|disneyland|PartOf|city
happiness|enjoyment|IsA|emotion
motel|hotel|HasProperty|a place where people sing
wilderness|country|CapableOf|be walked on
understanding|headache|UsedFor|driving
dreams|nightmares|IsA|physical object
head|knowledge|IsA|place for students
restaurant|europe|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
knowledge|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
floor|attic|PartOf|house
cupboard|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
inside|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
restaurant|dishwasher|IsA|dish
fear|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
bar|groceries|MadeOf|metal
toilet|bridge|PartOf|kitchen
enjoyment|like|UsedFor|hobbies
town|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
closet|vacuum|PartOf|wood
airplane|fire|CapableOf|move location
bathroom|school|UsedFor|travel
underground|france|IsA|home
cabinet|home|CapableOf|be moved around
opera|earth|HasProperty|part of a human
city|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
boredom|allergies|MadeOf|pause
motion|stretch|HasProperty|usually fast
performing|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
closet|floor|HasProperty|an object
bathroom|nest|CapableOf|fly
field|bathroom|IsA|food
classroom|library|MadeOf|wood
apartment|television|AtLocation|in a building
clothes|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
table|condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
shoes|outside|AtLocation|on the map
meeting|telegram|IsA|visible object
yard|countryside|IsA|place you visit often
hallway|sky|UsedFor|work
basement|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
floor|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
hotel|jail|UsedFor|studying in
minnesota|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
drawer|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
hallway|bedroom|HasA|a bath
contemplating|cut|IsA|colorful
canada|park|IsA|country
bowl|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
floor|dinner|HasProperty|an object
inspiration|remembering|HasProperty|typically positive
wedding|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
garage|ficus|IsA|place where people live
room|manual|IsA|product that people buy
bed|trouble|PartOf|house
chocolate|candy|IsA|public building
factory|museum|IsA|type of building
yard|countryside|IsA|country
bar|office|IsA|device used for working
thinking|book|IsA|part media
salad|market|CapableOf|be sweet
greenhouse|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
field|glass|HasProperty|made of wood
apartment|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
cabinet|cupboard|AtLocation|in a kitchen
suburb|city|AtLocation|inside a house
airport|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
injuries|death|IsA|positive card
museum|paper|CapableOf|be worn
store|spoon|IsA|type of room
wedding|skin|IsA|house where man live
restaurant|yard|IsA|nation
valley|city|IsA|country or state
cupboard|market|IsA|food
michigan|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
laughter|listening|IsA|something specific
water|room|IsA|place to pray
human|airplane|PartOf|house 
pleasure|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
home|library|IsA|type /part of building
florida|australia|IsA|place
church|airport|IsA|object that can be held
change|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
snow|summer|IsA|vacation destination
desk|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
elevator|building|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
shelf|table|UsedFor|storage
table|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
nails|garden|UsedFor|storage
pot|container|HasProperty|a beverage
sky|air|AtLocation|at a home
house|toilet|PartOf|the galaxy
information|safe|UsedFor|studying
bubblegum|supermarket|UsedFor|living
pizza|condiments|IsA|location or room
mountains|countryside|HasProperty|part of your  house
soup|backpack|UsedFor|storage
human|wings|CapableOf|move freely
supermarket|theater|IsA|place you can visit
suicide|skin|IsA|emotion
pennsylvania|canada|HasA|city inside
onions|burger|IsA|location or room
hotel|garage|IsA|building
supermarket|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
wall|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
ground|attic|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
summer|moon|IsA|vacation destination
bedroom|restaurant|UsedFor|work
mouth|radio|IsA|tv show
bubblegum|jar|CapableOf|be held in your hands
closet|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
doctor|factory|MadeOf|by man
bedroom|church|IsA|type of room
valley|ocean|HasA|3 letters
house|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
nightmares|shock|IsA|negative thing
supermarket|body|HasProperty|an event
countryside|wilderness|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
glass|silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
case|dinner|CapableOf|be held in your hands
store|passageway|IsA|item of clothing
lightning|performing|IsA|colorful
magazine|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
container|jar|HasA|connection to food
market|field|IsA|food
boxes|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
movies|school|IsA|part of the body
safe|field|IsA|physical tangible object
restaurant|library|AtLocation|in your home
excitement|regret|IsA|action
opera|convention|IsA|place
tension|anger|IsA|positive card
shed|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
nebraska|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
school|library|HasProperty|visited by tourists
russia|field|IsA|place
city|suburb|IsA|building
disneyland|carnival|HasA|ticket box usually
town|city|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
desktop|hospital|IsA|list of alphabets
office|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
school|building|CapableOf|have a street address
school|hospital|IsA|building
cup|container|CapableOf|be found in a house
bathroom|classroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
television|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
seaside|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
room|basement|IsA|place to pray
house|countryside|IsA|animal or book
curtain|sea|IsA|vacation destination
depression|problems|MadeOf|wood
pot|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
microwave|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
briefcase|cabinet|CapableOf|be used for travel
clock|shelf|IsA|inanimate object
pleasure|problems|IsA|emotion
crying|controversy|IsA|negative thing
motel|farm|IsA|tourist destination
car|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
floor|chair|AtLocation|above the ground
cup|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
speaker|television|IsA|physical and movable item
university|safe|UsedFor|studying
remembering|depression|IsA|emotion
light|ocean|UsedFor|serving food
door|kitchen|HasProperty|found in a house
bathroom|love|IsA|public place
market|plate|IsA|type of room in houses
room|refrigerator|HasProperty|associated with drinking
controversy|money|PartOf|mental disorder
porch|bed|CapableOf|be easily carried
bathroom|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
pantry|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
home|bed|UsedFor|cooling
building|office|IsA|ceremony
attic|clouds|CapableOf|make sounds
church|university|PartOf|house
cupboard|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
city|china|IsA|state
desert|egypt|UsedFor|driving 
stamps|dishwasher|IsA|something you eat off
balloon|car|PartOf|food and drink
wedding|church|UsedFor|buying food
dinner|table|UsedFor|eating
party|house|HasA|usually have people inside
garbage|closet|HasA|opening or door
cup|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
purse|money|CapableOf|be held in your hands
neighborhood|suburbs|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
computer|opera|UsedFor|work
utensils|trunk|MadeOf|food
internet|meeting|CapableOf|have people physically in it
action|supermarket|IsA|place to be entertained
cat|attic|HasProperty|a household item
ocean|region|IsA|continent
apartment|demonstration|IsA|pencil
chair|bed|UsedFor|sleeping on
good|class|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
bread|alcohol|IsA|public place
fox|outside|IsA|place
excavation|city|UsedFor|digging 
desktop|locker|CapableOf|be used for travel
tree|air|IsA|location
entertaining|excitement|IsA|activity
hotel|building|CapableOf|have a street address
inside|library|IsA|object
outside|disneyland|IsA|room
peanuts|ballpark|UsedFor|containing objects
drawer|table|IsA|made of wood
stream|magazine|IsA|place
house|school|CapableOf|fly
cabinet|computer|HasProperty|a room
table|bar|IsA|type of food
internet|library|MadeOf|meet
nest|store|PartOf|house
town|theater|IsA|location
restaurant|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
school|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
backpack|glass|IsA|furniture
bedroom|electricity|MadeOf|wood
conference|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
canada|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
bowl|food|IsA|type of room
home|apartment|IsA|place people live
table|bed|HasProperty|found in a house
desert|city|UsedFor|driving 
cave|office|IsA|place to live
water|car|IsA|place
television|snore|HasProperty|a household item
refrigerators|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
office|hospital|IsA|place
house|street|MadeOf|sand
can|trunk|MadeOf|metal
happiness|performing|IsA|colorful
playground|outside|IsA|country
sunshine|sea|HasProperty|hot
field|russia|IsA|animal
water|bridge|HasProperty|a building
closet|ocean|IsA|place to live
universe|orbit|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
garage|bathroom|IsA|room
toilet|apartment|IsA|room in a property
street|landfill|HasA|first letter b
hospital|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
battle|mexico|IsA|place
backyard|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
knowledge|pleasure|IsA|emotion
love|connection|HasA|airplanes
classroom|apartment|UsedFor| gathering together
injuries|competing|HasProperty|about  clashes
oven|condiments|HasProperty|used for meals
stable|tennessee|MadeOf|country
suburbs|australia|IsA|place
ground|roof|IsA|natural product or man made
fear|injury|IsA|emotion
valley|churchyard|IsA|tall building
car|jail|CapableOf|be entered
confession|circus|HasA|ticket box usually
punch|tears|HasA|punish
farm|flat|IsA|something you can own
pantry|cupboard|HasA|roof
store|building|UsedFor|a holiday
closet|windowsill|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
medium|ocean|UsedFor|eating or drinking
oven|desktop|MadeOf|metal
garage|apartment|IsA|building
fly|burrow|IsA|place
town|park|IsA|country
field|heaven|MadeOf|paper
drawer|wallet|IsA|form of entertainment
stamps|cabinet|IsA|form of entertainment
color|class|IsA|physical tangible object
house|computer|UsedFor|work
fulfillment|fatigue|IsA|emotion
restaurant|mexico|IsA|nature-related
love|enjoyment|HasProperty|an emotion
bathroom|countryside|CapableOf|fly
sink|glass|UsedFor|transportation
table|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
backpack|dishes|IsA|object
kitchens|kitchen|IsA|type of room in houses
encyclopedia|lizard|IsA|location
cellar|cabinet|UsedFor|mainly sleep
internet|supermarket|HasProperty|a gathering place
stretch|effort|HasA|m at the beginning
bowl|dishwasher|CapableOf|be used with a computer
desires|nightmares|AtLocation|usually in a bed
library|jail|CapableOf|provide a service
neighborhood|town|IsA|residential area
ocean|sink|UsedFor|eating or drinking
vase|flower|UsedFor|at home
sewer|outside|HasProperty|found below ground level
school|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
closet|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
nature|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking food
roadway|town|IsA|state
yard|air|IsA|animal
stupid|inspiration|IsA|emotion
love|house|HasA|airplanes
field|bank|UsedFor|cooking
throne|game|UsedFor|learning
picture|ceiling|MadeOf|paper
kitchen|plate|CapableOf|be consumed
skyscraper|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
hallway|room|AtLocation|at a home
office|porch|HasProperty|easily movable
forest|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
lamp|corner|IsA|study room
bread|manual|CapableOf|be entered
clouds|room|UsedFor|driving
countryside|lake|IsA|natural thing
backyard|forest|HasA|walls
skin|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
meeting|book|IsA|place for students
supermarket|buildings|IsA|location
disneyland|supermarket|HasA|ticket box usually
mansion|wedding|UsedFor|putting on a show
drink|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
library|university|HasProperty|related to studying
squirrel|ground|HasProperty|man made
bed|paperwork|AtLocation|with water
church|town|IsA|house where man live
knowing|dream|IsA|emotion
food|injury|IsA|colorful
competing|happiness|IsA|positive card
disneyland|house|HasProperty|found below ground level
bridge|ocean|PartOf|the galaxy
crying|knowing|IsA|emotion
medium|garage|UsedFor|eating or drinking
happiness|tears|UsedFor|punish
countryside|china|IsA|place where you can live
water|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
garage|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
ocean|sink|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
erections|death|HasProperty|negative in human sense
bedroom|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
cat|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
wings|human|UsedFor|travel
dinner|information|IsA|place to study
airport|building|HasA|beds
refrigerator|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
oven|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
floor|dust|MadeOf|food
newspaper|city|UsedFor|expanding development
opera|mind|PartOf|building
swimming|street|IsA|animal
yard|forest|HasProperty|somewhere to go
agreement|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
backyard|restaurant|IsA|place you visit often
countryside|park|IsA|country
stadium|restaurant|UsedFor|living in
throne|movie|UsedFor|learning
crying|pain|IsA|something a baby could have
briefcase|store|IsA|place where students learn
assessment|mouth|CapableOf|be attended
pond|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
tent|opera|IsA|commercial browser
montana|chair|IsA|place of religion
sink|toilet|HasA|pipe system attached
workplace|church|UsedFor|a gathering of people
lamp|microwave|IsA|physical and movable item
clothing|suit|IsA|place people can meet
florida|suburbs|IsA|place
table|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
birds|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
store|car|IsA|made of wood
home|bed|CapableOf|store
field|australia|UsedFor|cooking
minnesota|washington|IsA|object
library|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
car|clothes|MadeOf|wood
bowl|store|IsA|food
library|building|IsA|ceremony
countryside|mountain|PartOf|natural landscape
telephone|television|AtLocation|in the living room
book|information|IsA|place for students
drawer|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
town|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
windowsill|television|HasProperty|found inside a house
library|field|IsA|part media
pond|river|CapableOf|be walked on
conference|container|IsA|school supply
fun|box|IsA|mode of transportation
cupboard|nails|IsA|location
factory|garden|UsedFor|storing stuffs
neighborhood|china|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
store|pocket|UsedFor|writing
toronto|sleep|AtLocation|in home
television|house|IsA|study room
house|home|IsA|specific part of a structure
valley|skyscraper|AtLocation|in your company
sun|home|IsA|specific part of a structure
hotel|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
germany|opera|IsA|action
museum|hallway|IsA|room in a property
yard|forest|CapableOf|be part of a house
office|village|IsA|country or state
bubblegum|florida|UsedFor|living
person|school|CapableOf|be performed
switzerland|canada|AtLocation|at a party
meeting|information|IsA|something kept a home
closet|lamp|IsA|place to live
picture|switzerland|MadeOf|rocks
reflection|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
university|church|AtLocation|in a building
bathroom|den|HasA|ceiling
house|countryside|CapableOf|be currently visited
office|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
families|hotel|IsA|event
synagogue|animals|PartOf|the human body
store|supermarket|IsA|place you can visit
controversy|nightmares|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
country|city|HasProperty|human made
books|canada|IsA|american state
lemur|hole|MadeOf|paper
room|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
people|desk|IsA|religious card
discovery|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
bathroom|church|IsA|type of room
ocean|forest|IsA|living thing
plants|house|PartOf|glass
bedroom|park|IsA|n electronic device
apartment|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
floor|table|IsA|place or location
street|bathtub|IsA|bodypart
container|store|IsA|room in a home
waterfall|pond|IsA|living/once living
dictionary|classroom|CapableOf|be used virtually 
clothes|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
garden|couch|UsedFor|work
disneyland|cellar|IsA|room in a building
stable|antarctica|MadeOf|country
supermarket|conference|IsA|part of a human
barnyard|city|IsA|animal
tile|house|AtLocation|with water
house|restaurant|IsA|type of building
meeting|book|HasProperty|a meal
furniture|room|UsedFor|decoration
wings|birds|UsedFor|travel
bedroom|pantry|MadeOf|wood
library|airport|IsA|type /part of building
desktop|pocket|IsA|necessity for education
nostalgia|sorrow|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
table|drawer|CapableOf|store
cupboard|closet|UsedFor|storage
tent|body|HasProperty|an event
fun|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
hotel|hospital|UsedFor|pleasure
sunbathers|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
building|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
enjoyment|laughter|HasProperty|an emotion
information|field|HasA|screen
head|library|IsA|place for students
river|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
lasagna|shelf|CapableOf|be purchased
crying|problems|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
rock|field|IsA|man made thing
control|president|CapableOf|place
contemplating|food|CapableOf|tell stories
band|mexico|MadeOf|by man
ground|train|IsA|place you can live
suburb|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
sorrow|money|IsA|positive thing
garage|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
communication|pain|IsA|sad emotion
beach|pond|AtLocation|outside
supermarket|conference|IsA|place or location
opera|theater|IsA|planet
trees|playground|IsA|place people work and live
discipline|exercising|HasProperty|tiring
party|house|HasProperty|a place where people sing
doctor|band|MadeOf|by man
desktop|atlas|IsA|building
store|michigan|IsA|living thing
lamp|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
bedroom|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
sunshine|summer|HasProperty|hot
television|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
texas|america|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
supermarket|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
closet|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
food|container|CapableOf|be found in a house
toronto|junk|HasProperty|a household item
ground|sky|HasProperty|white
money|embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
fight|enemies|IsA|positive card
homes|workplace|IsA|place
people|town|HasProperty|an event
internet|information|UsedFor|news
sweat|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
instruction|depression|IsA|emotion
jar|chocolate|IsA|event
restaurant|table|UsedFor|storage
yard|valley|AtLocation|indoors
dancing|listening|IsA|activity
store|airport|IsA|place to live
church|restaurant|HasProperty|child friendly
restaurant|computer|IsA|room in a property
attic|universe|UsedFor|serving food
heaven|hole|MadeOf|paper
michigan|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
kitchen|plate|HasProperty|used for meals
air|ground|UsedFor|work
garage|hallway|IsA|room in a property
notebook|classroom|IsA|building
coats|ocean|IsA|place to live
movie|church|AtLocation|in a building
speaker|clock|MadeOf|a natural material
food|reflection|IsA|colorful
electricity|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
teacher|cabinet|IsA|school supply
university|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
floor|bathtub|HasA|ceiling
roadway|street|IsA|state
locker|briefcase|IsA|place of learning
china|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
country|corporation|IsA|book
nightmares|crying|IsA|emotion
kitchen|bathroom|AtLocation|in a house
imagination|montana|UsedFor|praying
sink|shower|HasA|door
montana|neighborhood|HasA|buildings in it
outside|gymnasium|UsedFor|sport
town|mexico|UsedFor|driving on or over
valley|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
trouble|room|UsedFor|standing on
glass|water|UsedFor|eating or drinking
casino|florida|IsA|place of worship
food|chocolate|IsA|public building
garden|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
church|body|IsA|house where man live
cupboard|drawer|MadeOf|plastic
classroom|house|IsA|pencil
city|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
country|government|IsA|concept or place
street|highway|CapableOf|be lived in
plate|condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
oven|shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
thinking|information|IsA|place to study
dust|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
butterflies|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
cat|junk|IsA|store items
nails|bowl|CapableOf|be eaten
factory|storage|UsedFor|storing stuffs
cinema|supermarket|IsA|location
depression|knowing|MadeOf|wood
lightning|reflection|HasA|physical appearance
bedroom|town|IsA|business that serves food
information|manual|MadeOf|meet
desktop|backpack|IsA|building
motel|london|HasProperty|a workplace
conference|assessment|IsA|human or part of human
basement|sewer|HasProperty|found below ground level
beaver|desert|IsA|american state
boredom|exhaustion|CapableOf|be physically touched
desk|table|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
container|trunk|IsA|type of business
water|moon|MadeOf|organic material
chair|montana|IsA|mental place
table|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
glass|silverware|HasProperty|made of wood
park|school|IsA|event
apartment|demonstration|IsA|another word for show
bedroom|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
country|sun|IsA|book
table|dentist|CapableOf|store
bed|dentist|CapableOf|store
entertaining|agreement|IsA|verb
church|people|IsA|part of a human
refrigerator|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
confession|desk|UsedFor|praying
suit|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
bedroom|airport|IsA|item of clothing
ocean|bridge|HasProperty|a building
rug|roof|UsedFor|decoration
nightmares|vaccines|PartOf|human body
airport|library|IsA|1 syllable  word
jail|library|UsedFor|cooling
bedroom|bar|HasA|usually have people inside
ballpark|park|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
freeway|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
families|park|IsA|event
anxiety|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
television|chair|AtLocation|in home
grape|carrots|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
lamp|television|IsA|building
cup|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
apartment|paperwork|AtLocation|with water
market|store|IsA|sweet or savory
apartment|house|IsA|pencil
street|garden|HasA|wheels
cat|nature|IsA|store items
anger|tears|UsedFor|punish
summer|street|IsA|vacation destination
bar|jail|CapableOf|be entered
office|auditorium|IsA|religious card
box|wedding|IsA|place
seattle|weather|HasProperty|associated with the environment
garden|canada|IsA|place people work and live
field|stomach|HasProperty|edible
countryside|mexico|IsA|country
magazine|dictionary|CapableOf|be read
contemplating|happiness|IsA|emotion
ocean|jail|IsA|building
elevator|carnival|CapableOf|be heard
store|countryside|CapableOf|fly
sleep|cat|PartOf|house
california|tennessee|IsA|state in uk
basement|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
bus|work|AtLocation|in your company
castle|heaven|CapableOf|move freely
candle|street|UsedFor|work
discovery|lightning|CapableOf|fly
airport|dentist|CapableOf|provide a service
floor|drawer|IsA|place
container|plate|IsA|type of room in houses
electricity|opera|MadeOf|wood
trauma|depression|IsA|positive thing
backyard|floor|IsA|part of a house
room|apartment|HasProperty|a place where people sing
conference|assessment|PartOf|body
money|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
pocket|action|CapableOf|hold objects
agreement|dancing|IsA|verb
outside|forest|HasProperty|somewhere to go
hotel|shoes|IsA|something you can own
window|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
cellar|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
dance|music|CapableOf|be performed
stuff|plate|IsA|1 syllable word
telephone|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
desktop|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
home|ground|UsedFor|storing food
utensils|dust|MadeOf|food
furniture|store|CapableOf|sleeping
knowing|trauma|IsA|emotion
airport|work|CapableOf|employ people
refrigerators|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
furniture|cat|PartOf|house
electricity|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
satisfaction|relaxation|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
apartment|church|IsA|part of a human
book|head|HasA|screen
field|encyclopedia|IsA|physical tangible object
home|arboretum|IsA|type of tree
suburb|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
sky|rain|AtLocation|at a home
computer|box|UsedFor|learning
corner|radio|IsA|place in a house
fish|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
mind|opera|PartOf|building
park|windowsill|HasProperty|hot
ocean|computer|IsA|country or state
village|bus|AtLocation|in your company
windowsill|house|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
cage|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
humans|unemployment|IsA|place you can visit
field|leaves|AtLocation|outside
president|corporation|HasA|movie
store|loft|IsA|structure or building
countryside|roof|CapableOf|fly
party|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
disneyland|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
tent|conference|IsA|part of a human
crying|sorrow|IsA|negative thing
windowsill|library|AtLocation|in your home
safe|head|IsA|part media
bathtub|roof|IsA|building
flower|shelf|IsA|place
australia|california|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
pantry|garden|IsA|location
forest|street|HasProperty|associated with the environment
birds|pride|IsA|emotion
notebook|house|HasProperty|material
street|moon|IsA|car
desert|countryside|IsA|1 syllable word
table|box|UsedFor|learning
toilet|sink|CapableOf|can you drink it
show|concert|UsedFor|to get a degree
garden|game|IsA|place people can meet
paper|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
library|house|HasA|pool
newspaper|books|HasProperty|a publication
problems|trauma|IsA|emotion
cupboard|drawer|UsedFor|storage
synagogue|apartment|HasProperty|an event
money|controversy|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
closet|garage|HasProperty|a place where people sing
town|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
dust|closet|HasProperty|an object
temple|loft|IsA|place to sleep
sleep|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
drawer|cupboard|IsA|made of wood
village|churchyard|IsA|country or state
rain|sun|HasProperty|white
garden|michigan|CapableOf|work
stove|oven|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
depression|sorrow|IsA|something a baby could have
elevator|school|CapableOf|be heard
home|homes|CapableOf|be lived in
woods|bird|IsA|1 syllable word
bathroom|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
desert|summer|IsA|vacation destination
basement|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
wedding|tree|HasProperty|furniture in a house
dishwasher|dog|UsedFor|indoor activities
shelf|kitchen|IsA|object
hallway|lamp|IsA|car
house|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
florida|america|IsA|place
pleasure|problems|MadeOf|wood
ranch|barnyard|MadeOf|country
apartment|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
case|cabinet|IsA|dish
casino|pot|MadeOf|metal
cellar|university|AtLocation|within a building's structure
bowl|trash|IsA|furniture
store|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
fun|bicycle|IsA|place
wall|desktop|AtLocation|indoors
lightning|performing|IsA|negative emotion
party|wires|IsA|building 
bathroom|bird|MadeOf|trees
information|library|HasProperty|a publication
shop|lamp|IsA|building
continent|ocean|HasProperty|human made
store|sky|CapableOf|fly
internet|information|IsA|thing you can touch
kitchen|garage|IsA|room in a property
lake|encyclopedia|IsA|place
class|information|IsA|place to study
supermarket|jail|CapableOf|be entered
cat|fleas|IsA|a animal
street|countryside|IsA|state
tennessee|mountains|IsA|country
museum|confusion|CapableOf|be heard
shelf|silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
room|cellar|PartOf|house
backpack|dust|IsA|made of wood
action|birds|IsA|emotion
city|street|IsA|state
birds|human|UsedFor|travel
countryside|neighborhood|HasA|buildings in it
ocean|water|MadeOf|organic material
forest|street|IsA|animal
favors|like|IsA|emotion
room|school|HasProperty|a place where people sing
motel|apartment|CapableOf|hold people against their will
yard|playground|CapableOf|be part of a house
apartment|school|UsedFor|pooping
detroit|human|CapableOf|fly
ocean|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
shelf|oven|HasA|edible items for sale
market|cupboard|IsA|food
pantry|shelf|IsA|furniture 
clothing|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
shelf|beer|IsA|type of business
container|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
chair|attic|HasProperty|an animal
pocket|paper|IsA|place of learning
closet|cup|AtLocation|inside a house
depression|sleep|IsA|emotion
skate|class|PartOf|building
dust|clouds|IsA|place in a house
grape|salad|IsA|vegetable 
apartment|house|CapableOf|fly
body|supermarket|IsA|place
valley|wisconsin|CapableOf|be walked on
desk|library|IsA|ground where child play
jail|workplace|IsA|place people go for fun
jail|air|UsedFor|driving
books|information|PartOf|publication
garden|club|IsA|place people can meet
house|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
tension|defeat|HasA|physical element
cave|gate|HasA|airplanes
dust|dinner|HasProperty|an object
refrigerators|refrigerator|HasProperty|used for meals
town|street|IsA|state
yard|forest|UsedFor|swimming
refrigerator|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
field|bank|IsA|country
wall|shelf|MadeOf|wood
junk|sleep|PartOf|house
church|supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
box|michigan|HasProperty|man-made
water|medium|UsedFor|transportation
park|lamp|HasProperty|1 syllable
books|canada|MadeOf|sand mostly
newspaper|shop|UsedFor|cooling
closet|computer|HasA|wheels
cup|oven|HasProperty|used for meals
box|peanuts|IsA|reply to a question
wilderness|cage|IsA|animal
earth|town|IsA|place
garage|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
paper|atlas|IsA|building
apartment|market|IsA|type /part of building
university|europe|IsA|place people can meet
garage|sink|UsedFor|eating or drinking
apartment|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
families|mouth|IsA|place
shelf|silverware|HasProperty|edible
office|museum|UsedFor|communication
argument|battle|IsA|positive card
countryside|park|IsA|animal
ground|swimming|HasProperty|man made
birds|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
table|case|MadeOf|wood
room|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
america|oklahoma|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
airport|hotel|UsedFor|a holiday
happiness|discomfort|IsA|n emotion
television|garbage|AtLocation|indoors
theater|florida|IsA|place you can visit
mexico|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
toronto|cat|HasProperty|an animal
backpack|clothing|IsA|1 syllable word
park|television|IsA|building
electricity|church|UsedFor|work
fly|pool|UsedFor|transportation
room|attic|CapableOf|be used for storage
airport|office|IsA|object that can be held
universe|unemployment|HasProperty|something you can touch
cabinet|outside|IsA|room in a building
trunk|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
toilet|disneyland|CapableOf|be used with a computer
town|montana|HasA|buildings in it
floor|closet|HasProperty|an object
table|drawer|HasProperty|an object
cave|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
restaurants|party|CapableOf|be entered
woods|computer|AtLocation|in a building
doorway|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
furniture|chair|AtLocation|in home
toronto|nature|HasProperty|a household item
conference|carnival|IsA|place or location
detroit|school|PartOf|house 
sleep|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
apartment|body|HasProperty|an event
theater|opera|HasProperty|an event
drinking|dancing|IsA|activity
food|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
closet|bedroom|IsA|item of clothing
bar|house|IsA|type of building
bar|supermarket|PartOf|food and drink
table|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
chair|kitchen|UsedFor|work
montana|supermarket|HasProperty|part of a human
like|enjoyment|IsA|verb
town|china|IsA|place where you can live
disneyland|circus|HasA|ticket box usually
crying|shock|IsA|negative thing
countryside|montana|IsA|rural region
beach|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
kitchens|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
money|problems|IsA|emotion
barnyard|stable|MadeOf|country
church|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
desk|table|IsA|type of room
conference|internet|HasProperty|alive
sweat|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
hotel|auditorium|IsA|building
dishwasher|microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
refrigerator|jar|AtLocation|in a house
house|jail|UsedFor|sleeping
telephone|lamp|IsA|study room
hospital|building|IsA|public place
kitchen|stomach|MadeOf|metal
food|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
color|head|IsA|place to study
universe|unemployment|UsedFor|entertainment
problems|pain|IsA|positive thing
imagination|ocean|IsA|religious card
home|garage|HasProperty|a state in the usa
kitchen|kitchens|IsA|location or room
table|drawer|MadeOf|plastic
synagogue|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
casino|key|CapableOf|keeping cash
house|garage|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
books|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
home|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
sweetness|field|HasA|punish
theater|library|MadeOf|wood
market|field|CapableOf| be moved
food|pride|IsA|negative emotion
human|aircraft|IsA|country
desk|computer|IsA|ground where child play
ocean|outside|UsedFor|throwing
crowd|city|UsedFor|music
potatoes|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
street|pocket|UsedFor|living
bathroom|church|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
trunk|house|HasProperty|removable
bowl|wallet|IsA|something found in a household
classroom|hallway|IsA|room in a property
bedroom|kitchen|AtLocation|indoors
windowsill|cabinet|UsedFor|holding things
supermarket|hotel|IsA|place
subdivision|newspaper|IsA|residential area
junk|garage|IsA|store items
container|refrigerators|CapableOf|store things
cupboard|pantry|CapableOf|be moved around
office|home|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
funeral|families|IsA|place
crying|sadness|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
rug|dog|AtLocation|on the map
computer|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
library|store|CapableOf|be alive
bed|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
table|garden|UsedFor|storage
highway|road|CapableOf|be drived on with car
pond|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
doctor|band|PartOf|man body
briefcase|cabinet|IsA|place where students learn
happiness|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
class|dance|PartOf|building
backpack|pantry|IsA|furniture
balloon|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
desert|ground|HasProperty|man made
shop|doctor|IsA|physical item 
bed|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
cupboard|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
homes|store|AtLocation|indoors
drawer|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
nature|television|PartOf|house
coffee|michigan|IsA|furniture
anxiety|fear|IsA|emotion
moon|toilet|CapableOf|store small items
supermarket|town|HasProperty|an event
air|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
wall|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
bowl|store|CapableOf|be sweet
magazines|table|IsA|type /part of building
cellar|basement|HasProperty|found below ground level
school|church|HasProperty|child friendly
trees|rock|AtLocation|outside
table|floor|IsA|type of room
town|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
joy|arguments|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
austria|himalayas|MadeOf|rocks
apartment|furniture|UsedFor|reading
pool|medium|CapableOf|be used as transport 
town|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
stamps|plate|MadeOf|plastic
factory|doctor|MadeOf|by man
town|house|IsA|state
synagogue|office|CapableOf|be worn
happiness|accomplishment|IsA|positive card
smiles|celebrating|IsA|verb
weather|desert|PartOf|city
dinner|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
garden|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
apartment|buildings|HasProperty|alive
earth|conference|IsA|part of a human
trees|playground|IsA|nation
pond|mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
refrigerator|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
greenhouse|garage|HasProperty|found in the garden
contemplating|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
container|pot|IsA|type of business
cup|stove|HasA|empty space in it
food|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
florida|seaside|IsA|place
town|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
bottle|sink|MadeOf|glass or metal
countryside|yard|IsA|nature-related
shop|office|IsA|ground where child play
house|closet|MadeOf|food
closet|backpack|MadeOf|food
bed|furniture|IsA|place
supermarket|synagogue|HasA|ticket box usually
reflection|discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
room|jail|UsedFor|sleeping
convention|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
cabinet|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleep
office|porch|AtLocation|in a house
bottle|bar|UsedFor|storing things in
car|table|IsA|1 syllable word
grass|moss|IsA|living/once living
yard|hallway|IsA|country or state
backpack|jar|IsA|location
room|bathroom|IsA|building
apartment|hallway|UsedFor|car repair
city|prison|IsA|place
dancing|entertaining|MadeOf|the human body
drugstore|loft|IsA|place to sleep
california|arkansas|IsA|us state
pond|forest|CapableOf|be part of a house
clothes|backpack|UsedFor|to keep items
supermarket|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
nature|snore|IsA|store items
happiness|celebrating|IsA|verb
subdivision|neighborhood|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
anger|stress|IsA|positive card
food|garden|UsedFor|storage
exhaustion|boredom|CapableOf|happiness
jail|doctor|IsA|physical item 
kitchens|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
pantry|groceries|AtLocation|in a kitchen
theater|boat|IsA|ceremony
television|box|IsA|public building
restaurant|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
disneyland|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
backpack|car|HasA|doors
trash|store|IsA|room in a home
dust|floor|UsedFor|storage
toilet|cabinet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
barnyard|tennessee|IsA|animal
carnival|circus|IsA|place or location
canada|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
drawer|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
lamp|school|UsedFor|reading books
utensils|stuff|IsA|place
neighborhood|city|HasProperty|a country
dirt|garden|IsA|bodypart
america|mountains|IsA|state
house|sun|CapableOf|move location
refrigerator|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
table|case|MadeOf|plastic
case|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
ocean|river|HasProperty|human made
television|garage|AtLocation|in a building
kitchen|classroom|HasA|usually have people inside
house|kitchen|IsA|place or location to visit
park|mountain|MadeOf|plastic
fish|continent|HasA|water
room|shed|IsA|place
microwave|drawer|UsedFor|storage
earth|conference|IsA|place
balloon|supermarket|UsedFor|driving
snore|junk|PartOf|house
country|boat|HasA|water
paperwork|apartment|AtLocation|with water
funeral|concert|IsA| event
ground|plants|IsA|place
table|shelf|HasProperty|furniture
village|cottage|IsA|place you can live
remembering|problems|MadeOf|wood
book|books|CapableOf|be held in your hand
bed|table|IsA|physical item 
theater|building|MadeOf|wood
bathroom|school|PartOf|building
street|freeway|AtLocation|on a map
death|aggression|IsA|positive card
roof|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
rug|party|AtLocation|inside a house
magazines|clothing|IsA|room or building
house|trunk|HasProperty|removable
summer|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
australia|cage|IsA|animal
supermarket|conference|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
synagogue|office|CapableOf|have people go inside
oven|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
garage|apartment|IsA|looks like house
cabinet|hallway|AtLocation|in a building
warehouse|garage|CapableOf|work
briefcase|atlas|HasA|walls
montana|canada|UsedFor|driving 
sweetness|punishment|IsA|emotion
auditorium|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
newspaper|library|MadeOf|paper
homes|restaurant|IsA|state in usa
college|school|UsedFor|washing
glass|street|UsedFor|transportation
restaurants|bar|UsedFor|entertaining
table|desktop|MadeOf|paper
knowledge|thinking|IsA|place to study
sink|house|IsA|man made
garden|park|IsA|animal
auditorium|god|UsedFor|praying
battle|death|IsA|positive card
action|street|IsA|thing you have on person
town|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
garden|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
paperwork|office|UsedFor|sitting on
ground|california|IsA|type of tree
driveway|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
chairs|dance|IsA|type of room
groceries|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
apartment|mess|AtLocation|with water
restaurant|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
battle|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
birds|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
closet|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
dream|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
florida|church|CapableOf|keeping cash
stadium|toilet|HasA|pool
wings|school|CapableOf|be lived in
table|desk|IsA|dish
action|key|IsA|place you can visit
ground|corner|CapableOf|make sounds
people|ocean|UsedFor|praying
universe|space|AtLocation|public area
bedroom|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
boat|library|IsA|ceremony
michigan|box|CapableOf|fly
dishwasher|pot|CapableOf|cooking
paper|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
food|reflection|CapableOf|fly
bathroom|garage|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
house|office|IsA|pencil
lightning|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
enjoyment|entertaining|IsA|something considered as positive
wilderness|valley|IsA|natural thing
color|safe|IsA|part media
supermarket|restaurant|IsA|public building
clouds|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
cup|plate|CapableOf|store things
encyclopedia|field|HasProperty|a meal
program|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
city|australia|CapableOf|be read
supermarket|circus|HasA|ticket box usually
sailboat|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
shelf|groceries|HasA|plug or power source
office|hotel|IsA|place
fun|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
window|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
nature|desert|IsA|natural thing
god|monastery|IsA|religious card
manual|library|AtLocation|in a store
apartment|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
sky|mountain|IsA|living thing
workplace|battle|IsA|country
library|clothing|CapableOf|store
school|house|CapableOf|be currently visited
sewer|mouse|IsA|room in a building
airport|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
moon|ground|IsA|car
love|gate|HasA|airplanes
wilderness|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
wedding|tent|UsedFor|buying food
supermarket|montana|IsA|home
speaker|house|IsA|inanimate object
wallet|money|IsA|place you can visit
backpack|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
meeting|field|IsA|place to study
kitchens|kitchen|PartOf|business
meeting|class|IsA|place for students
sorrow|nostalgia|IsA|emotion
program|bedroom|UsedFor|work
bar|market|IsA|type of room in houses
case|drawer|IsA|something found in a household
embarrassment|sorrow|IsA|emotion
garage|junk|IsA|place
wedding|convention|IsA|planet
outside|bedroom|IsA|animal
basement|ceiling|UsedFor|work
onions|pizza|IsA|location or room
junk|snore|IsA|animal
car|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
attic|clouds|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
apartment|library|IsA|type /part of building
park|wedding|IsA|part of the body
table|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
box|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
building|playground|CapableOf|be part of a house
cleanliness|joy|MadeOf|golden
porch|home|CapableOf|store
groceries|home|HasA|door
humans|unemployment|IsA|drink
drawer|box|MadeOf|wood
closet|drawer|UsedFor|storage
dishwasher|trash|IsA|place to make food
kitchen|cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
airport|kitchen|UsedFor|cooking
closet|basement|IsA|building
city|trouble|HasProperty|powerful
forest|sahara|IsA|geographic location
wisconsin|boat|HasProperty|human made
safe|knowledge|IsA|place to study
locker|backpack|IsA|building
kitchen|bedroom|HasProperty|a room in a residence
garbage|sleep|IsA|store items
ficus|refrigerator|IsA|looks like house
plate|box|IsA|furniture
field|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
understanding|contemplating|IsA|physical state
internet|meeting|AtLocation|on a shelf
restaurants|bar|UsedFor|eating or drinking
effort|motion|AtLocation|on the body
cellar|cupboard|HasProperty|found below ground level
water|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
table|car|IsA|1 syllable word
marmoset|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
sweat|vaccines|AtLocation|usually in a bed
cupboard|bottle|AtLocation|in a kitchen
park|town|IsA|country
town|supermarket|IsA|home
excitement|anger|HasA|ltr p
cat|junk|HasProperty|a household item
gentleman|suit|UsedFor|learning
refrigerators|cup|HasA|empty space in it
nightmares|desires|IsA|physical object
concert|program|UsedFor|worship
food|jar|IsA|location
garden|lamp|MadeOf|glass
montana|house|IsA|place where you can live
backpack|case|UsedFor|eating
windowsill|table|UsedFor|holding things
trouble|garbage|IsA|place
car|airport|AtLocation|library
happiness|enjoyment|HasProperty|a positive emotion
countryside|city|CapableOf|be read
park|woods|HasProperty|somewhere to go
hospital|cave|IsA|place to live
curtain|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
bed|chair|HasProperty|furniture in a house
suffering|punch|CapableOf|make you sad
clouds|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
butterflies|injury|CapableOf|cause pain
condiments|food|CapableOf|be found in a house
street|florida|IsA|place you can visit
beaver|canada|MadeOf|sand mostly
house|computer|IsA|pencil
outdoors|yard|IsA|place people work and live
ground|countryside|IsA|living/once living
water|toilet|CapableOf|store small items
attic|closet|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
silverware|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
drawer|store|IsA|1 syllable word
desk|disneyland|IsA|dish
concert|show|UsedFor|recreation activity
drawer|stamps|IsA|dish
canada|army|IsA|concept or place
clouds|ground|CapableOf|show films
wilderness|desert|IsA|natural thing
kitchens|can|MadeOf|metal
cleanliness|boredom|CapableOf|be physically touched
backpack|cupboard|HasProperty|an object
furniture|roof|IsA|building
work|company|CapableOf|employ people
woods|bar|UsedFor|storing things inside
encyclopedia|marmoset|IsA|animal or book
bathroom|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
joy|arguments|MadeOf|pause
outdoors|garden|AtLocation|outside
jar|bubblegum|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bathtub|rug|IsA|building
basement|attic|IsA|place
trash|boxes|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
couch|doorway|UsedFor|travel
colorado|france|IsA|place
internet|meeting|HasA|letter e in it
bedroom|home|CapableOf|move location
outdoors|yard|UsedFor|children to play
music|dance|CapableOf|be heard
snow|weather|IsA|brand
theater|money|CapableOf|keeping cash
box|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
outdoors|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
backyard|bedroom|HasA|legs
library|manual|AtLocation|in a store
air|ground|IsA|part of nature
library|manual|MadeOf|meet
dinner|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
shed|room|AtLocation|within a building's structure
canada|rosebush|IsA|us state
tent|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
ocean|world|PartOf|the continent 
refrigerators|container|AtLocation|in a house
library|museum|UsedFor|education
montana|opera|UsedFor|learning
food|stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
castle|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
performing|food|CapableOf|tell stories
ontario|beaver|IsA|american state
school|hospital|HasA|exterior walls
refrigerators|table|AtLocation|in a house
purse|change|UsedFor|paying for items
bedroom|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
kitchen|paperwork|HasProperty|a type of building
effort|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
clothes|utensils|HasProperty|an object
airplane|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
wedding|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
corner|street|HasA|wheels
vaccines|dreams|HasProperty|negative in human sense
loft|temple|IsA|place to sleep
classroom|office|CapableOf|have people  inside
maine|florida|IsA|us state
library|toilet|IsA|place of learning
bed|drawer|IsA|physical item 
problems|inspiration|IsA|emotion
dinner|case|CapableOf|be held in your hands
table|electricity|UsedFor|work
hotel|restaurant|HasA|pool
pantry|garage|MadeOf|wood
outside|disneyland|HasProperty|found below ground level
pocket|vase|CapableOf|be held with one hand
crying|knowledge|IsA|emotion
desktop|disneyland|HasProperty|hot
shelf|product|HasProperty|used at meal time
nest|windowsill|IsA|place where you can stand
disneyland|house|IsA|room
airport|sky|AtLocation|above the ground
atlas|library|UsedFor|reading
playground|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
cage|bank|MadeOf|paper
restaurant|house|UsedFor|work
house|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
windowsill|countryside|HasProperty|2 syllables
corner|dust|AtLocation|in a home
house|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
forest|countryside|IsA|living thing
supermarket|container|MadeOf|metal
hotel|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
library|office|IsA|place to live
library|homes|UsedFor|children to study
casino|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
plate|film|IsA|something found in a household
bed|drawer|IsA|room or building
garbage|nature|IsA|store items
knowledge|thinking|UsedFor|studying
forest|beach|IsA|country
wedding|hotel|IsA|part of the body
nest|windowsill|HasProperty|man-made
front|ballpark|IsA|reply to a question
motel|town|HasProperty|a workplace
table|ceiling|CapableOf|show you time
subdivision|house|MadeOf|sand
cabinet|cellar|UsedFor|mainly sleep
park|cup|AtLocation|on the map
container|jar|UsedFor|writing
book|safe|IsA|physical tangible object
office|chair|PartOf|house
office|passageway|UsedFor|reading books
mexico|jail|IsA|place
desk|bedroom|AtLocation|inside someone's home
detroit|workplace|IsA|place where you can visit
jar|store|IsA|place to be entertained
school|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
conference|mouth|UsedFor|announcing something
floor|window|IsA|object
city|nebraska|IsA|building
contemplating|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
thinking|happiness|IsA|emotion
competing|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
crying|trauma|HasProperty|linked to food
park|yard|CapableOf|be part of a house
outside|playground|IsA|country
pot|jar|HasA|connection to food
restaurants|supermarket|IsA|public place
cage|hole|UsedFor|holding animals
picture|work|CapableOf|show you time
communication|like|IsA|physical emotion
desktop|desk|CapableOf|contain multiple people
sky|air|IsA|animal
encyclopedia|thinking|IsA|place for students
apartment|toilet|IsA|furniture
closet|store|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
magazines|home|CapableOf|provide a service
conference|office|IsA|room in a house
apartment|furniture|CapableOf|sleep on it
silence|program|UsedFor|powering other things
cup|kitchen|IsA|type of food
wall|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
demonstration|building|IsA|human or part of human
stamps|cabinet|IsA|something you eat off
drawer|dentist|CapableOf|store
attic|corner|CapableOf|show films
movie|table|IsA|dish
gentleman|suit|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
greenhouse|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
jar|funeral|IsA|place
party|closet|IsA|building
control|sun|IsA|book
vaccines|sweat|AtLocation|usually in a bed
heaven|homes|UsedFor|travel
unemployment|movies|IsA|drink
lemur|field|IsA|place
cabinet|television|IsA|room in a property
cinema|wedding|HasProperty|a place expressly for singing
china|montana|IsA|residential area
box|trash|IsA|place
roof|air|IsA|animal
money|nightmares|IsA|negative thing
backpack|utensils|HasProperty|an object
tent|apartment|IsA|commercial browser
store|jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
roof|windowsill|PartOf|glass
casino|florida|IsA|place to be entertained
corporation|government|IsA|book
container|pantry|CapableOf|store things
suburbs|china|HasA|buildings in it
cage|encyclopedia|MadeOf|water
magazine|information|UsedFor|news
dust|table|IsA|1 syllable word
dance|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
table|wood|IsA|place or location
countryside|park|IsA|place to grow plants
toilet|moon|MadeOf|organic material
toilet|house|IsA|place of learning
weather|snow|IsA|type of place
airplane|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
ocean|room|IsA|building
house|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
television|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
dictionary|manual|CapableOf|be used virtually 
drawer|plate|MadeOf|wood
swamp|burrow|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
injury|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
kitchens|beer|MadeOf|metal
gymnasium|house|HasA|roof
subdivision|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
cup|bar|IsA|type of food
forest|universe|IsA|place
basement|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
battle|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
dishwasher|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
satisfaction|pride|IsA|verb
workplace|park|IsA|country
discovery|cut|CapableOf|fly
ranch|city|MadeOf|country
theater|town|IsA|planet
oven|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
trunk|container|UsedFor|storing physical things
school|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
country|city|CapableOf|be walked on
jail|bar|HasProperty|associated with drinking
stadium|school|CapableOf|fly
town|subdivision|IsA|state
street|puddle|IsA|physical item 
drugstore|temple|IsA|place to sleep
disneyland|sugar|IsA|room in a building
refrigerator|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
pizza|cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
town|mansion|UsedFor|putting on a show
drawer|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
mountain|ocean|CapableOf|fly
bank|india|IsA|animal
computer|bedroom|IsA|building
prison|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
corner|ground|IsA|place for clothes
neighborhood|suburb|IsA|residential area
chair|boat|IsA|place or location
ocean|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
nature|trouble|IsA|place
wall|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
concert|drugs|UsedFor|recreation activity
woods|bridge|IsA|living/once living
clothing|church|UsedFor|learning
roof|michigan|HasProperty|man-made
theater|opera|UsedFor|live performances
nature|backyard|IsA|animal
ocean|bridge|MadeOf|organic material
chicken|soup|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
nest|cage|IsA|place where you can stand
smiles|laughter|HasProperty|a positive emotion
water|rain|HasProperty|white
office|school|UsedFor|reading books
air|disneyland|IsA|brand
pocket|cabinet|IsA|place where students learn
outside|table|IsA|room
roof|garage|CapableOf|be found in a house
backyard|microwave|IsA|part of a property
bedroom|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
russia|heaven|IsA|animal
trash|porch|IsA|building
funeral|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
store|table|MadeOf|food
toilet|bowl|IsA|building
refrigerator|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
argument|tension|IsA|positive card
bed|snore|PartOf|house
attic|closet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
sink|pantry|MadeOf|wood
countryside|outdoors|IsA|1 syllable word
love|airport|AtLocation|library
jail|airport|CapableOf|provide a service
refrigerator|refrigerators|UsedFor|cooling things
playground|countryside|IsA|place you visit often
field|leaves|IsA|man made thing
palace|school|PartOf|the human body
dinner|bar|PartOf|food and drink
desktop|table|UsedFor|storage
shelf|table|HasA|edible items for sale
anxiety|discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
change|action|CapableOf|keeping cash
wilderness|countryside|CapableOf|be read
seaside|forest|CapableOf|be read
bedroom|kitchen|UsedFor|car repair
office|yard|AtLocation|on a map
enjoyment|happiness|HasProperty|an emotion
sky|stream|IsA|1 syllable word
backpack|trash|UsedFor|eating
china|desert|IsA|location
gentleman|throne|UsedFor|wearing
demonstration|apartment|UsedFor|packing things inside
china|yard|MadeOf|sand
controversy|depression|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
country|world|IsA|specific place
bicycle|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
cellar|supermarket|IsA|food
house|forest|MadeOf|a natural material
bed|rug|AtLocation|on the map
argument|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
bathroom|cupboard|CapableOf|be opened/closed
house|moon|CapableOf|can you drink it
concert|couch|UsedFor|work
theater|supermarket|IsA|location
car|clothing|HasProperty|an object
california|indiana|IsA|us state
puddle|street|UsedFor|transportation
theater|library|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
television|lamp|UsedFor|worship
stretch|movement|AtLocation|on the body
lumberyard|synagogue|IsA|place or location
glass|window|UsedFor|food
thinking|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
cabinet|apartment|UsedFor|storing things inside
wall|kitchen|HasProperty|found in a house
garage|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
backpack|box|IsA|furniture
michigan|bar|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
outside|house|HasProperty|found below ground level
park|beach|AtLocation|outside
fun|entertainment|HasA|positive connotation
fox|picture|IsA|country or state name
home|rug|IsA|informal term for youth
school|food|IsA|event
church|theater|IsA|place to be entertained
carpet|desk|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
texas|utah|IsA|us state
cabinet|house|IsA|room in a building
candle|ceiling|HasProperty|white
michigan|table|UsedFor|storage
action|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
box|michigan|IsA|furniture
clothing|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
canada|pennsylvania|MadeOf|plastic
bicycle|fun|IsA|place to pray
contemplating|injury|CapableOf|cause pain
concert|church|IsA|object that can be held
house|love|IsA|business
thinking|class|IsA|part media
canada|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
valley|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
garage|school|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
theater|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
garbage|television|IsA|place
store|hospital|IsA|item of clothing
earth|tent|IsA|home
stuff|utensils|IsA|furniture
ballpark|peanuts|UsedFor|storage
bathroom|doorway|PartOf|house 
ground|closet|CapableOf|show films
canada|ontario|PartOf|america
party|room|PartOf|food and drink
office|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
plate|stove|HasProperty|used for meals
factory|building|UsedFor|storing stuffs
beach|town|IsA|place to grow plants
house|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
room|air|IsA|product that people buy
gymnasium|court|HasA|roof
michigan|valley|IsA|business that serves food
synagogue|wedding|IsA|place
exercise|effort|CapableOf|cause injury
supermarket|store|UsedFor|living
paperwork|closet|IsA|building
antarctica|outside|MadeOf|wood
churchyard|ocean|IsA|country or state
junk|toronto|PartOf|house
nature|garbage|IsA|store items
synagogue|library|IsA|building
pantry|bottle|IsA|type of business
container|trash|IsA|structure or building
embarrassment|suffering|UsedFor|manifesting joy
ficus|garage|IsA|place where people live
town|yard|IsA|state
table|floor|IsA|physical item 
party|cup|AtLocation|on the map
house|school|UsedFor|living in
town|house|IsA|residential area
building|freeway|IsA|business
trees|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
sleeping|nightmares|IsA|physical object
shop|shelf|CapableOf|cook
demonstration|classroom|UsedFor|packing things inside
computer|shop|IsA|ground where child play
rain|candle|UsedFor|work
garden|yard|IsA|country
pizza|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
greenhouse|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
basement|synagogue|IsA|place or location
home|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
closet|water|IsA|mode of transportation
food|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
suburb|city|IsA|state
theater|library|CapableOf|float
cabinet|restaurant|IsA|dish
desk|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
boredom|exhaustion|CapableOf|happiness
pantry|jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
home|homes|HasProperty|plural
house|closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
closet|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
boat|wedding|IsA|place or location
can|refrigerator|UsedFor|storing things in
discovery|revelations|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
porch|garage|CapableOf|cooking
school|kitchen|IsA|place or location to visit
television|computer|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
house|bedroom|IsA|study room
field|bank|IsA|animal
motel|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
bowl|store|IsA|sweet or savory
cage|lemur|MadeOf|paper
bird|desert|MadeOf|trees
case|cabinet|IsA|something found in a household
morgue|house|HasA|exterior walls
television|dust|IsA|place for clothes
classroom|hallway|HasProperty|a room
sleep|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
backyard|outdoors|IsA|country
fly|river|UsedFor|eating or drinking
office|nails|IsA|place where students learn
loft|floor|UsedFor|decoration
ceiling|work|CapableOf|show you time
freeway|building|HasA|beds
maine|england|IsA|country or state
montana|china|IsA|residential area
ocean|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
windowsill|store|IsA|living thing
valley|office|AtLocation|on a map
college|office|UsedFor|housing
marmoset|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
airport|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
television|microwave|CapableOf|plug into the wall
cupboard|pantry|IsA|furniture 
office|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
bedroom|motel|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
bridge|house|CapableOf|store small items
plants|ground|PartOf|glass
countryside|trees|IsA|nation
moon|water|UsedFor|link between places
restaurant|school|CapableOf|be eaten
sloth|lemur|IsA|animal or book
cupboard|home|CapableOf|be moved around
office|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
roadway|suburbs|IsA|state
moon|ocean|CapableOf|store small items
apartment|drawer|UsedFor|storage
human|heaven|CapableOf|fly
street|town|IsA|part of a municipality
table|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
windowsill|summer|IsA|vacation destination
reflection|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
magazines|newspaper|UsedFor|reading 
america|seaside|CapableOf|be read
nails|teacher|IsA|place people can visit
town|classroom|IsA|location
restaurant|hotel|IsA|place of learning
church|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
arboretum|home|HasProperty|where someone can live
plate|backpack|IsA|furniture
supermarket|shelf|HasProperty|edible
auditorium|motel|IsA|building
apartment|synagogue|IsA|place or location
countryside|beach|AtLocation|outside
airplane|airport|UsedFor|travel
street|forest|IsA|animal
motel|flat|IsA|something you can own
airport|store|IsA|place to live
building|house|CapableOf|move location
beach|town|IsA|place people work and live
garage|junk|HasProperty|a household item
laughter|suffering|IsA|sad emotion
discovery|pride|CapableOf|cause pain
countryside|beach|IsA|place people work and live
box|water|IsA|place
store|trash|IsA|room in a home
drawer|toilet|CapableOf|opened or closed
town|countryside|IsA|nation
mansion|apartment|HasA|roof
jar|toilet|IsA|man made
bank|heaven|IsA|animal
city|funeral|UsedFor|music
neighborhood|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
shelf|dishwasher|HasProperty|furniture
head|book|HasProperty|a meal
school|passageway|IsA|place to live
australia|heaven|UsedFor|cooking
problems|trauma|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
workplace|homes|UsedFor|education
canada|park|IsA|place to grow plants
university|unemployment|IsA|drink
television|bed|IsA|place
field|color|PartOf|the human body
table|cabinet|CapableOf|be opened
case|utensils|MadeOf|wood
roadway|town|MadeOf|sand
bed|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
butterflies|birds|HasA|physical appearance
world|region|PartOf|the continent 
fun|happiness|IsA|activity
ceiling|floor|IsA|item of furniture
cabinet|backpack|UsedFor|writing
supermarket|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
restaurant|garden|IsA|place to grow plants
chair|cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
magazines|newspaper|CapableOf|store
supermarket|body|UsedFor|buying food
cat|bed|IsA|place
house|building|IsA|specific part of a structure
injury|butterflies|IsA|emotion
hotel|store|UsedFor|borrowing books
furniture|junk|HasProperty|an animal
nebraska|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
lamp|passageway|IsA|place to live
restaurant|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
refrigerator|container|HasA|empty space in it
paper|map|HasA|walls
nightmares|pain|HasProperty|typically positive
dinner|head|IsA|part media
arkansas|colorado|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
color|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
silence|electricity|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
apartment|ground|AtLocation|in the united states
pizza|onions|IsA|location or room
church|conference|IsA|place
hotel|ocean|IsA|building
pain|sadness|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
porch|toilet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
refrigerator|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
driveway|subdivision|IsA|state
home|apartment|HasProperty|a public place
peanuts|liquid|UsedFor|storage
town|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
cupboard|car|HasProperty|an object
inside|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
classroom|store|IsA|place people can visit
garden|beach|IsA|place people work and live
earth|town|IsA|event
suburb|driveway|IsA|state
fear|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
outside|attic|UsedFor|cooking
kitchen|chair|UsedFor|work
tree|sky|HasProperty|man made
shop|jail|CapableOf|store
heaven|cage|UsedFor|cooking
knowledge|pain|IsA|emotion
microwave|table|IsA|something found in a household
shed|cellar|CapableOf|be used for storage
silence|telephone|AtLocation|on/in the human body
injuries|sweat|IsA|positive card
bed|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
jar|television|IsA|part of the body
drinking|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
school|restaurant|UsedFor|sporting events
place|backyard|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
circus|monastery|UsedFor|praying
concert|crowd|UsedFor|music
inside|table|IsA|place or location
church|lamp|MadeOf|glass
magazine|dictionary|MadeOf|water
toilet|porch|CapableOf|storing food
butterflies|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
florida|theater|IsA|place of worship
outdoors|trees|IsA|place people work and live
house|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
nature|creek|IsA|natural thing
sleep|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
coffee|backpack|IsA|place
disneyland|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
ocean|medium|UsedFor|eating or drinking
garage|speaker|CapableOf|be attended
conference|nails|IsA|place where students learn
passageway|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
windowsill|dust|HasProperty|used for storage
anthology|table|IsA|place or location
jail|park|IsA|person
performing|action|CapableOf|fly
building|library|IsA|ceremony
table|bed|CapableOf|store
dancing|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
boat|bed|IsA|place or location
shelf|desk|IsA|inanimate object
apartment|garage|IsA|furniture
shoes|flat|HasProperty|a workplace
teacher|nails|IsA|place where students learn
mountains|marmoset|AtLocation|labeled on a map
wilderness|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
ground|vase|IsA|place
town|motel|HasProperty|a workplace
toilet|house|CapableOf|can you drink it
school|college|CapableOf|move
clothing|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
airplane|wings|CapableOf|move freely
lemur|hole|UsedFor|cooking
utensils|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
restaurant|movie|IsA|place people can meet
house|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
hotel|school|IsA|place
house|palace|IsA|type of building
concert|funeral|CapableOf|have people physically in it
city|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
magazines|bed|CapableOf|store
box|water|PartOf|house
cabinet|chair|IsA|object that can be held
maine|michigan|PartOf|the south
drawer|clothes|IsA|1 syllable word
salad|store|CapableOf|be sweet
hallway|lamp|UsedFor|work
snore|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
desktop|backpack|IsA|place of learning
fun|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
apartment|porch|CapableOf|storing food
war|confusion|IsA|action
pantry|refrigerator|UsedFor|storage
convention|earth|IsA|part of a human
favors|fun|IsA|activity
classroom|refrigerator|UsedFor|reading
disneyland|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
food|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
pain|remembering|IsA|negative thing
church|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
mexico|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
bottle|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
cabinet|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
synagogue|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
table|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
casino|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
church|building|HasA|multiple rooms
air|sun|IsA|car
concert|confession|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
library|theater|IsA|place where people live
desktop|kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
internet|audience|IsA|location
competing|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
park|ground|IsA|animal
bubblegum|jar|IsA|place you can visit
bag|box|IsA|structure or building
dinner|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
communication|tears|IsA|physical emotion
heaven|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
carnival|supermarket|HasA|ticket box usually
apartment|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
connection|cave|HasA|airplanes
case|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
table|cupboard|HasProperty|made of wood
desktop|table|IsA|room
toilet|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
trees|yard|UsedFor|swimming
city|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
refrigerators|pantry|CapableOf|store things
street|garden|HasProperty|man made
homes|restaurant|UsedFor|a gathering of people
enjoyment|love|HasProperty|a positive emotion
house|bathroom|UsedFor|living in
sorrow|pain|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
crying|nightmares|IsA|something a baby could have
class|carnival|CapableOf|be heard
stamps|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
telephone|desktop|IsA|list of alphabets
talk|regret|IsA|action
street|leaves|AtLocation|outside
government|president|IsA|book
synagogue|monastery|IsA|mental place
kitchen|demonstration|HasProperty|able to be entered
action|money|CapableOf|keeping cash
woods|lake|IsA|natural thing
accomplishment|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
love|freeway|HasA|airplanes
mansion|palace|IsA|large building
synagogue|circus|IsA|place or location
passageway|cave|UsedFor|reading books
beach|ocean|PartOf|natural landscape
money|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
refrigerator|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
choir|voice|IsA|electronic device
bar|bread|PartOf|food and drink
city|work|AtLocation|in your company
house|garage|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
cabinet|pantry|HasA|roof
vase|plants|IsA|place
greenhouse|park|CapableOf|laugh
state|town|AtLocation|inside a house
sink|bottle|AtLocation|in a kitchen
doorway|homes|UsedFor|travel
toilet|garage|IsA|room in a property
classroom|book|CapableOf|be worn
injury|pride|IsA|emotion
church|chair|UsedFor|praying
switzerland|outside|AtLocation|at a party
house|mansion|HasProperty|a type of building
computer|woods|IsA|type of building
london|city|UsedFor|milking cows
satisfaction|stress|IsA|negative emotion
party|car|HasProperty|a building structure
food|table|CapableOf|store things
soup|food|AtLocation|in a home
desert|rain|HasProperty|very cold
bag|trash|UsedFor|storing physical things
fun|room|IsA|place to pray
countryside|house|CapableOf|be currently visited
couch|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
families|mouth|IsA|event
performing|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
park|movies|UsedFor|eating
opera|music|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
people|montana|HasProperty|part of a human
market|pantry|IsA|type of food
magazines|jail|UsedFor|cooling
california|america|CapableOf|be read
table|bed|IsA|physical item 
meeting|church|UsedFor|learning
house|roof|HasA|green plant
desktop|briefcase|IsA|place of learning
instruction|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
anxiety|action|CapableOf|fly
garden|pond|CapableOf|be man made
table|glass|IsA|furniture 
rain|forest|IsA|brand
exercising|exercise|HasProperty|tiring
headache|boredom|CapableOf|be physically touched
shop|porch|IsA|physical item 
bank|hole|MadeOf|sand
wilderness|india|CapableOf|be read
house|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
kitchen|corner|IsA|place to store items
talk|fun|IsA|feeling
apartment|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
water|boat|IsA|physical item 
trash|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
house|store|HasProperty|removable
backpack|floor|HasProperty|furniture
oven|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
school|notebook|CapableOf|move
color|television|HasProperty|a meal
outdoors|pond|IsA|place people work and live
mansion|car|HasProperty|alive
toilet|refrigerator|IsA|building
classroom|teacher|UsedFor|writing
cut|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
happiness|fear|IsA|colorful
home|microwave|IsA|part of a house
drawer|car|HasA|doors
dancing|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
hospital|cave|UsedFor|a holiday
refrigerator|bar|PartOf|food and drink
water|shed|AtLocation|within a building's structure
town|city|HasProperty|a country
demonstration|classroom|UsedFor|student
pond|valley|HasA|3 letters
information|knowledge|IsA|place to study
bathroom|shelf|CapableOf|cook
ocean|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
roof|countryside|IsA|natural product or man made
table|kitchen|HasProperty|found in a house
clothing|drawer|UsedFor|reading
newspaper|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
home|supermarket|HasA|door
disneyland|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
effort|motion|CapableOf|cause injury
doorway|airport|AtLocation|mostly inside
celebrating|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
sky|street|UsedFor|work
dishwasher|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
garage|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
enjoyment|anxiety|IsA|emotion
michigan|texas|IsA|us state
meeting|game|AtLocation|in a building
countryside|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
computer|speaker|IsA|physical and movable item
town|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
plants|garden|HasA|green plant
house|lamp|MadeOf|wood
store|excavation|IsA|country
heaven|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
restaurant|jail|UsedFor|a gathering of people
apartment|opera|UsedFor|learning
town|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
backpack|utensils|IsA|made of wood
mexico|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
office|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
hospital|school|CapableOf|have a street address
desktop|dust|UsedFor|storage of physical items
synagogue|theater|IsA|place you buy food
dishwasher|refrigerator|IsA|building
gate|building|IsA|business
controversy|sorrow|IsA|negative thing
drink|commercial|CapableOf|be currently visited
cupboard|boxes|IsA|room in a building
nature|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
meeting|university|IsA|furniture
bowl|mouse|AtLocation|inside a house
television|furniture|AtLocation|in home
town|hotel|HasProperty|a workplace
bathroom|airport|IsA|object that can be held
greenhouse|toilet|IsA|furniture
attic|university|AtLocation|within a building's structure
refrigerator|garden|PartOf|kitchen
jar|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
silverware|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
earth|montana|UsedFor|camping
classroom|backpack|UsedFor|learning
telephone|computer|AtLocation|inside someone's home
injury|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
map|desktop|IsA|place of learning
drawer|floor|UsedFor|reading 
room|jail|CapableOf|be entered
birds|injury|IsA|colorful
lake|suburbs|IsA|place
bowl|food|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
cabinet|drawer|UsedFor|storage
wires|telephone|IsA|building 
dinner|clothes|UsedFor|storage
refrigerator|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
hallway|house|AtLocation|at a home
rain|water|AtLocation|at a home
bicycle|fun|AtLocation|within a building's structure
closet|store|IsA|item of clothing
room|garage|AtLocation|within a building's structure
assessment|garage|CapableOf|be attended
cinema|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
glass|sink|IsA|physical item 
club|meeting|UsedFor|learning
stadium|restaurant|HasA|pool
indiana|rosebush|UsedFor|work
refrigerator|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
movement|exercise|AtLocation|on the body
garden|cabinet|HasProperty|sold in stores
mexico|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
box|cup|AtLocation|inside a house
backpack|dishes|IsA|furniture
basement|closet|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
synagogue|montana|HasProperty|part of a human
australia|russia|MadeOf|paper
sunshine|drink|IsA|animal or book
office|hotel|IsA|list of alphabets
field|australia|IsA|animal
plate|trash|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
university|warehouse|IsA|place
demonstration|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
attic|light|UsedFor|serving food
garage|windowsill|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
park|garden|UsedFor|children to play
contemplating|performing|CapableOf|fly
movie|drawer|UsedFor|storage
table|vase|IsA|something kept at home
opera|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
drugstore|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
bird|sky|MadeOf|water
plate|stamps|MadeOf|plastic
woods|hallway|HasA|usually have people inside
kitchen|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
desk|ocean|IsA|place of religion
contemplating|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
louisiana|tennessee|IsA|country
garage|house|HasA|exterior walls
confession|chair|IsA|mental place
library|computer|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
bathtub|corner|HasA|wheels
sink|bedroom|HasProperty|edible
montana|suburb|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
town|synagogue|UsedFor|camping
thinking|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
cabinet|garage|MadeOf|wood
universe|moon|IsA|animal or book
refrigerator|table|IsA|  place
wall|garage|IsA|place to store items
beach|park|AtLocation|outside
library|information|IsA|place for students
map|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
heaven|monastery|IsA|religious card
river|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
music|opera|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
garage|warehouse|CapableOf|have people living there
home|shop|CapableOf|store
nightmares|inspiration|IsA|emotion
person|music|IsA|action
suburb|countryside|HasProperty|a country
internet|library|UsedFor|reading
highway|town|HasProperty|made by humans
trees|canada|IsA|place people work and live
carpet|windowsill|AtLocation|at a famous university
apartment|home|HasProperty|able to be entered
corner|kitchen|AtLocation|indoors
backpack|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
performing|lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
office|wall|IsA|ceremony
cut|butterflies|IsA|emotion
street|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
demonstration|apartment|IsA|pencil
classroom|office|CapableOf|have people go inside
disneyland|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
restaurant|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
house|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
nightmares|problems|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
california|seaside|CapableOf|be read
book|head|IsA|place for students
garden|plants|CapableOf|laugh
dinner|color|IsA|place to study
rug|floor|IsA|garden
garage|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
california|england|IsA|place
fear|contemplating|IsA|colorful
town|theater|HasProperty|an event
reflection|thinking|IsA|colorful
books|television|CapableOf|be held in your hand
countryside|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
contemplating|action|CapableOf|tell stories
medium|pool|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
potatoes|grape|IsA|sweet or savory
passageway|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
television|garbage|AtLocation|in home
cinema|mansion|IsA|location
city|london|IsA|something you can own
supermarket|body|IsA|part of a human
yard|countryside|MadeOf|sand
michigan|cage|IsA|living thing
encyclopedia|information|HasProperty|related to studying
library|funeral|MadeOf|wood
office|museum|UsedFor|fun
arboretum|ficus|UsedFor|storing food
suicide|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
good|mind|PartOf|building
airplane|hairbrush|IsA|place to sleep
park|school|IsA|place
clothing|jail|UsedFor|cooling
book|field|IsA|part media
bed|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
telegram|lawn|IsA|visible object
school|motel|IsA|building
film|desk|IsA|something found in a household
building|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
music|theater|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
dentist|airport|CapableOf|provide a service
casino|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
church|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
bedroom|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
table|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
communication|agreement|IsA|reaction
battle|injuries|IsA|positive card
conference|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
carrots|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
lamp|electricity|UsedFor|work
france|mexico|AtLocation|labeled on a map
convention|conference|IsA|planet
cage|bank|UsedFor|food
wallet|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
desktop|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
library|field|HasA|screen
wall|desk|AtLocation|above the ground
library|school|IsA|location
backpack|store|UsedFor|storage
antarctica|museum|IsA|place to store items
desktop|bar|IsA|building 
allergies|boredom|MadeOf|nature
landfill|bearing|UsedFor|playing
relaxation|understanding|UsedFor|driving
texas|mexico|AtLocation|labeled on a map
classroom|furniture|IsA|ceremony
shelf|corner|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
cupboard|bowl|CapableOf|be used with a computer
hunger|dream|IsA|emotion
apartment|bathtub|CapableOf|sleep on it
theater|church|HasProperty|part of a human
empathy|learning|IsA|something considered as positive
hairbrush|temple|IsA|place to sleep
africa|continent|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
motel|school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
party|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
inspiration|money|IsA|emotion
refrigerator|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
apartment|toilet|UsedFor|formal learning
mansion|town|IsA|location
stress|confusion|IsA|negative emotion
hotel|stadium|IsA|place of learning
backpack|books|IsA|furniture
cabinet|table|HasA|doors
television|woods|HasProperty|a room
paper|museum|CapableOf|be worn
roof|garden|HasProperty|found in a home
groceries|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
computer|library|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
theater|tent|IsA|place
wall|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
refrigerator|outside|IsA|place to store items
manual|book|CapableOf|be held in your hand
plants|ground|PartOf|body
skate|music|PartOf|building
kitchen|oven|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
case|drawer|MadeOf|plastic
sky|candle|UsedFor|work
house|desk|IsA|study room
opera|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
kitchen|spoon|HasProperty|related to eating
magazines|doctor|CapableOf|store
pocket|museum|UsedFor|reading
supermarket|body|IsA|place
bathroom|washington|IsA|location
pantry|kitchens|IsA|type of room in houses
shop|hospital|IsA|study room
carnival|conference|HasA|ticket box usually
utensils|dinner|CapableOf|be held in your hands
potatoes|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
building|office|UsedFor|a holiday
case|stamps|UsedFor|storage
sleeping|desires|CapableOf|hurt
cabinet|dishwasher|IsA|place to make food
continent|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
bar|wires|IsA|building 
hotel|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
park|outside|PartOf|house
dust|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
lamp|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
airport|detroit|AtLocation|on a map
dishes|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
backyard|ceiling|PartOf|house
body|skin|HasProperty|an event
condiments|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
refrigerator|restaurants|UsedFor|eating or drinking
cabinet|backpack|IsA|building
movie|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
container|boxes|IsA|structure or building
supermarket|party|CapableOf|be entered
sky|woods|MadeOf|water
drinking|laughter|IsA|activity
cellar|closet|IsA|structure or building
playground|park|MadeOf|plastic
table|computer|UsedFor|work
park|garden|UsedFor|swimming
museum|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
desert|store|IsA|animal
manual|information|HasA|letter e in it
mexico|garden|IsA|place people work and live
warehouse|cellar|IsA|place to pray
subdivision|china|IsA|place where you can live
instruction|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
corner|desktop|IsA|place to store items
sea|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
jar|chocolate|IsA|public building
injury|food|CapableOf|fly
information|class|UsedFor|studying
change|street|CapableOf|keeping cash
building|town|IsA|place to grow plants
wall|window|UsedFor|reading
agreement|communication|IsA|sad emotion
university|attic|IsA|place
office|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
office|store|IsA|school supply
cage|hole|IsA|animal
snow|park|IsA|vacation destination
pennsylvania|park|AtLocation|at a party
box|dinner|IsA|place
doorway|couch|UsedFor|travel
shelf|library|IsA|necessity for education
bowl|spoon|IsA|type of room
marmoset|trees|MadeOf|metal
refrigerator|house|IsA|product that people buy
telephone|office|UsedFor|communication
library|building|HasProperty|found in a house
shelf|pantry|AtLocation|indoors
college|university|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
funeral|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
field|library|IsA|part media
ceiling|house|UsedFor|work
birds|happiness|IsA|colorful
program|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
restaurants|supermarket|CapableOf|be entered
floor|airport|UsedFor|cooling
manual|newspaper|MadeOf|meet
classroom|security|IsA|object that can be held
atlas|notebook|UsedFor|reading
attic|universe|AtLocation|as part of a house
neighborhood|suburb|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
countryside|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
forest|nest|CapableOf|fly
microwave|movie|IsA|dish
home|office|HasProperty|a public place
street|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
celebrating|dancing|IsA|activity
bathtub|closet|HasA|feet to stand 
ocean|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
kitchen|pantry|IsA|furniture 
car|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
briefcase|pocket|IsA|place where students learn
waterfall|rock|IsA|living/once living
picture|mountain|HasA|city inside
sun|army|IsA|place
ocean|michigan|PartOf|natural landscape
rain|ground|IsA|car
roof|table|UsedFor|storage
countryside|backyard|AtLocation|outside
television|manual|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
newspaper|manual|AtLocation|in a store
fun|regret|IsA|action
classroom|library|UsedFor|reading and studying
florida|change|IsA|thing you have on person
maze|building|HasA|airplanes
boredom|arguments|MadeOf|nature
monastery|chair|IsA|mental place
attic|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
hotel|food|IsA|part of the body
container|boxes|IsA|room (type)
coats|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
tears|happiness|IsA|verb
kitchen|space|PartOf|wood
corner|library|IsA|ground where child play
furniture|television|IsA|store items
mexico|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
school|ocean|IsA|item of clothing
floor|closet|HasProperty|removable
opera|dance|PartOf|building
bread|restaurants|UsedFor|eating or drinking
plate|condiments|UsedFor|keeping things cool
park|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
table|desk|IsA|something found in a household
jar|sink|PartOf|the galaxy
california|backyard|MadeOf|fiber
case|stamps|IsA|furniture
paper|museum|UsedFor|reading
ground|shelf|IsA|type of shop
food|store|UsedFor|storage
jail|detroit|IsA|place you visit
office|library|IsA|place of formal education
food|box|IsA|location
table|stove|CapableOf|store things
kitchen|floor|CapableOf|be used for school
town|outside|UsedFor|driving on or over
cupboard|table|IsA|1 syllable word
communication|park|IsA|feeling
cinema|theater|UsedFor|putting on a show
park|summer|IsA|vacation destination
garage|papers|AtLocation|home
museum|school|AtLocation|indoors
jar|sink|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
bar|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
shop|bed|UsedFor|cooling
chicken|sink|CapableOf|be used as transport 
subdivision|suburb|MadeOf|sand
disneyland|opera|IsA|place or location
rain|forest|IsA|popular attraction
kitchen|tile|HasProperty|a type of building
oven|refrigerator|HasProperty|used for meals
drawer|table|CapableOf|provide a service
mexico|yard|AtLocation|outside
nest|bathroom|IsA|living thing
outdoors|wilderness|MadeOf|trees
dreams|sweat|CapableOf|hurt
desktop|glass|IsA|vacation destination
desktop|pocket|UsedFor|viewing/reading
paperwork|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
knowledge|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
woods|house|HasProperty|a room
plate|case|IsA|1 syllable word
store|room|HasA|ceiling
love|happiness|IsA|activity
car|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
pond|town|HasA|properties of any kind
bowl|mouse|IsA|furniture
storage|warehouse|CapableOf|have people living there
trouble|snore|HasProperty|an animal
park|frisbee|PartOf|house
town|building|UsedFor|swimming
boat|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
container|jar|PartOf|wood
library|information|HasProperty|a meal
cat|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
outdoors|forest|UsedFor|swimming
fun|satisfaction|IsA|mental state
newspaper|suburb|MadeOf|sand
road|concert|UsedFor|travel
song|television|IsA|tv show
seaside|freeway|IsA|proper noun
river|basement|IsA|place or location
theater|skin|IsA|place
floor|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
rain|street|IsA|type of place
restaurant|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
stamps|utensils|IsA|place
pantry|plate|IsA|type of food
casino|key|UsedFor|living
concert|house|UsedFor|worship
restaurant|cupboard|IsA|food
corner|library|HasProperty|able to be entered
bathroom|garage|IsA|room
sorrow|shock|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
library|information|UsedFor|reading
skyscraper|ocean|AtLocation|in your company
store|cellar|CapableOf|be opened/closed
meeting|head|HasA|screen
pool|chicken|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
attic|basement|AtLocation|within a building's structure
cupboard|basement|HasA|roof
table|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
water|bridge|MadeOf|organic material
canada|switzerland|MadeOf|plastic
depression|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
windowsill|box|IsA|living thing
forest|beach|IsA|nation
books|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
death|sleeping|CapableOf|hurt
work|bus|IsA|country or state
food|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
action|food|CapableOf|tell stories
garage|room|UsedFor|storage
stamps|case|UsedFor|storage
minnesota|town|AtLocation|inside a house
oven|pantry|HasProperty|used for meals
apartment|books|IsA|furniture 
sleep|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
arctic|seattle|IsA|type of land
antarctica|wall|IsA|place to store items
love|like|IsA|activity
church|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
montana|washington|PartOf|political geographical area
pond|building|CapableOf|be part of a house
tent|town|IsA|place
montana|confession|UsedFor|praying
silence|building|IsA|physical and movable item
city|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
kitchen|classroom|IsA|ceremony
inspiration|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
discovery|food|IsA|emotion
depression|problems|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
butterflies|performing|IsA|negative emotion
meeting|class|IsA|gathering of people
garage|trouble|AtLocation|in home
table|chairs|IsA|type of room
condiments|pantry|HasA|empty space in it
field|desktop|HasProperty|made of wood
pot|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
office|school|IsA|place
injuries|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
furniture|nature|HasProperty|an animal
school|heaven|CapableOf|move freely
store|restaurant|IsA|tableware
heaven|hole|IsA|animal
excitement|entertaining|IsA|verb
couch|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
jar|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
hallway|skyscraper|AtLocation|on a map
basement|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
elevator|bathroom|CapableOf|be performed
toilet|library|IsA|place you could sleep in
garden|europe|AtLocation|in a building
groceries|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
chair|sleep|IsA|store items
switzerland|mountain|MadeOf|rocks
museum|workplace|IsA|type of building
container|nails|IsA|school supply
cupboard|cellar|IsA|room in a building
sink|table|AtLocation|in  a residence
store|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
park|pennsylvania|AtLocation|at a party
cup|jar|UsedFor|keeping things cool
books|beaver|PartOf|north america
stove|kitchen|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
cup|closet|UsedFor|indoor activities
sweat|erections|AtLocation|usually in a bed
jail|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
airport|wall|IsA|business
computer|television|IsA|building
restaurant|school|IsA|part of the body
movies|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
church|detroit|IsA|place people go for fun
stress|happiness|IsA|feeling or emotion
yard|outside|IsA|living/once living
container|refrigerator|IsA|type of room in houses
home|school|UsedFor|travel
montana|earth|UsedFor|learning
closet|basement|PartOf|house
television|radio|IsA|place for clothes
trauma|pain|HasProperty|linked to food
shed|water|PartOf|house
farmyard|field|IsA|object
closet|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
person|war|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
earth|supermarket|HasProperty|part of a human
supermarket|park|IsA|event
magazine|newspaper|UsedFor|reading
rosebush|park|PartOf|house
backyard|trees|IsA|nation
sunshine|sun|IsA|vacation destination
action|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
classroom|paper|UsedFor|reading
mansion|town|UsedFor|living inside of
library|cave|UsedFor|a holiday
money|inspiration|HasProperty|typically positive
entertainment|train|UsedFor|over night stays 
safe|house|CapableOf|store a car
soup|nails|AtLocation|in a home
inside|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
concert|people|UsedFor|referring to humans
office|school|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
internet|radio|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
groceries|beer|IsA|type of business
shelf|demonstration|IsA|type of shop
burrow|mountains|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
pot|bar|MadeOf|metal
table|clock|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
silverware|cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
communication|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
manual|chair|IsA|necessity for education
woods|forest|HasProperty|part of your  house
vase|shelf|IsA|place or location
shop|park|HasProperty|1 syllable
bathtub|office|MadeOf|wood
coffee|plate|IsA|place
injury|birds|IsA|colorful
mouse|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
knowledge|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
kitchen|drink|IsA|animal or book
michigan|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
synagogue|tent|IsA|place you buy food
sewer|boxes|IsA|room in a building
disneyland|porch|IsA|place to make food
dream|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
park|outside|MadeOf|plastic
drawer|bed|CapableOf|store
library|desk|IsA|necessity for education
glass|moon|HasProperty|hot
change|money|HasProperty|to do with currency
pantry|groceries|HasA|roof
heaven|chair|UsedFor|praying
roof|forest|IsA|animal
thinking|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
corner|museum|UsedFor|storage
basement|hallway|IsA|room in a house
suffering|happiness|IsA|emotion
apartment|house|IsA|type of building
bedroom|lamp|IsA|building
market|kitchen|IsA|piece of furniture
table|silverware|HasProperty|edible
problems|trauma|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
castle|homes|HasProperty|plural
shelf|desk|CapableOf|contain multiple people
groceries|den|HasA|roof
shock|nightmares|IsA|something a baby could have
beach|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
apartment|town|IsA|social event
building|temple|IsA|place to sleep
garage|house|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
cabinet|teacher|IsA|piece of furniture
head|dinner|IsA|physical tangible object
cupboard|shelf|IsA|place to store items
forest|trees|IsA|country
desktop|clock|MadeOf|paper
table|boat|IsA|place or location
pot|bar|IsA|type of business
summer|sun|IsA|vacation destination
shop|television|IsA|ground where child play
god|desk|UsedFor|praying
kitchen|paperwork|AtLocation|with water
stable|antarctica|UsedFor|food
river|bay|HasA|earth
shelf|pantry|IsA|type of business
soup|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
bottle|shelf|MadeOf|wood
picture|mountains|IsA|country or state name
fox|alabama|IsA|us state
canada|pennsylvania|HasA|city inside
blood|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
assessment|person|PartOf|body
trauma|pain|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
jar|container|IsA|location
contemplating|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
utensils|plate|UsedFor|eating
soup|kitchen|AtLocation|in a home
dancing|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
restaurant|yard|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
pot|container|HasA|connection to food
cinema|conference|UsedFor| gathering together
nightmares|shock|HasProperty|typically positive
excitement|like|IsA|verb
street|town|IsA|building
change|bubblegum|CapableOf|be held in your hands
agreement|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
food|families|IsA|event
room|air|IsA|car
human|chair|IsA|place you visit
store|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
desktop|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
windowsill|carpet|AtLocation|at a famous university
africa|asia|CapableOf|make movement
restaurant|bar|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
suburbs|town|CapableOf|be parked on
hotel|hospital|UsedFor|borrowing books
bedroom|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
desktop|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
universe|commercial|IsA|animal or book
shelf|table|CapableOf|show you time
mexico|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
theater|apartment|IsA|ceremony
cabinet|case|UsedFor|storage
moon|water|PartOf|kitchen
trunk|office|PartOf|house
california|canada|MadeOf|fiber
fight|argument|IsA|positive card
floor|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
apartment|kitchen|HasProperty|able to be entered
outside|palace|UsedFor|sport
porch|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
room|garage|IsA|place
store|field|IsA|sweet or savory
skate|good|CapableOf|be heard
corner|airport|HasProperty|able to be entered
workplace|doctor|IsA|country
cage|australia|UsedFor|cooking
box|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
information|library|IsA|something kept a home
action|food|CapableOf|fly
satisfaction|excitement|IsA|feeling
park|air|MadeOf|natural materials
cellar|basement|UsedFor|cooking
wilderness|bank|IsA|country
china|house|IsA|place where you can live
internet|buildings|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
china|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
headache|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
convention|town|IsA|part of a human
street|leaves|MadeOf|wood
museum|book|CapableOf|be worn
butterflies|lightning|IsA|emotion
trunk|closet|MadeOf|food
classroom|briefcase|IsA|school supply
street|box|IsA|place to pray
classroom|synagogue|IsA|place of learning
shower|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
kitchen|loft|IsA|specific part of a structure
chicken|medium|UsedFor|transportation
house|freeway|IsA|business
theater|wedding|UsedFor| gathering together
desert|china|IsA|big space
bathroom|toilet|UsedFor|car repair
crying|problems|HasProperty|linked to food
wallet|microwave|IsA|something found in a household
aquarium|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
homes|michigan|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
action|florida|UsedFor|living
wedding|synagogue|IsA|place
storage|factory|CapableOf|have people living there
library|kitchen|IsA|type /part of building
garage|medium|UsedFor|eating or drinking
bed|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
countryside|restaurant|IsA|nation
kitchens|kitchen|IsA|piece of furniture
kitchen|home|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
air|rain|AtLocation|at a home
trauma|crying|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
corner|closet|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
encyclopedia|dictionary|UsedFor|viewing/reading
pot|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
sink|pantry|AtLocation|in a kitchen
highway|freeway|AtLocation|on a map
apartment|bedroom|UsedFor|urination
australia|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
building|michigan|UsedFor|generating products or plants
groceries|pantry|IsA|type of business
trees|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
newspaper|table|UsedFor|cooling
closet|car|UsedFor|storage
head|class|HasA|screen
bathroom|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
silverware|glass|HasProperty|made of wood
michigan|street|IsA|business that serves food
school|restaurant|IsA|event
shop|jail|UsedFor|cooling
ocean|computer|AtLocation|on a map
aquarium|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
microwave|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
floor|doctor|IsA|room or building
office|college|UsedFor|housing
families|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
manual|television|AtLocation|on a shelf
city|house|CapableOf|be parked on
loft|apartment|IsA|private space
roof|loft|UsedFor|decoration
cave|airport|IsA|business
dishwasher|movie|IsA|dish
lightning|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
anger|working|HasA|ltr p
clothes|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
building|house|UsedFor|borrowing books
utensils|cupboard|MadeOf|plastic
house|computer|AtLocation|in a building
park|street|IsA|animal
jar|space|AtLocation|public area
plate|drawer|IsA|something found in a household
conference|mansion|UsedFor|putting on a show
mouse|cabinet|IsA|place to make food
disneyland|cabinet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
cat|nature|PartOf|house
kitchen|food|HasProperty|used for meals
neighborhood|town|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
movie|class|IsA|place people can meet
desk|computer|IsA|building
dust|store|UsedFor|storage
nails|jar|IsA|place where students learn
cinema|theater|HasProperty|alive
warehouse|closet|UsedFor|storing physical things
building|house|IsA|specific part of a structure
loft|drugstore|AtLocation|in your room
garage|restaurant|IsA|furniture
synagogue|book|CapableOf|be worn
pond|playground|IsA|nation
revelations|discovery|IsA|physical state
wedding|hotel|IsA|tourist destination
concert|country|UsedFor|worship
driveway|china|MadeOf|sand
wedding|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
boat|inside|IsA|place or location
library|stadium|HasA|pool
shelf|sink|MadeOf|wood
knowledge|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
desktop|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
garbage|junk|HasProperty|a household item
bathroom|windowsill|IsA|living thing
synagogue|montana|HasProperty|an event
knowing|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
toilet|bridge|HasA|pipe system attached
sloth|commercial|IsA|place
building|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
market|store|CapableOf|be sweet
pocket|books|IsA|necessity for education
room|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
furniture|stairs|IsA|type of building
pizza|burger|IsA|location or room
roof|outside|UsedFor|storage
water|air|IsA|car
revelations|discovery|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
apartment|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
theater|opera|IsA|commercial browser
yard|garden|IsA|animal
closet|ground|IsA|place in a house
forest|prison|CapableOf|be read
moon|candle|IsA|car
shelf|drawer|HasProperty|furniture
box|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
punishment|happiness|UsedFor|punish
instruction|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
bay|aquarium|IsA|somewhere animals swim
sky|beach|CapableOf|fly
cup|pantry|HasProperty|used for meals
university|information|HasA|screen
country|continent|IsA|specific place
jar|toilet|HasA|pipe system attached
suburbs|countryside|IsA|proper noun
wedding|town|UsedFor|putting on a show
churchyard|ocean|AtLocation|in your company
trunk|boxes|IsA|structure or building
porch|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
canada|england|AtLocation|on a map
manual|books|IsA|thing you can touch
house|attic|UsedFor|cooking
television|speaker|IsA|physical and movable item
television|drawer|IsA|place
house|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
restaurant|food|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
agreement|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
glass|window|CapableOf|be used for school
concert|electricity|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
horse|painting|IsA|location
bathtub|closet|HasA|wheels
telephone|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
forest|pond|IsA|place people work and live
bathroom|shop|MadeOf|metal
encyclopedia|books|IsA|necessity for education
pantry|oven|HasA|empty space in it
trees|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
wedding|opera|IsA|place
house|college|HasProperty|material
school|skyscraper|UsedFor|travel
sadness|nostalgia|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
pleasure|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
bedroom|outside|UsedFor|storage
hospital|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
demonstration|garage|IsA|human or part of human
pond|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
sorrow|nightmares|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
concert|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
president|country|HasA|movie
airport|castle|PartOf|house 
room|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
supermarket|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
television|dinner|PartOf|the human body
bed|doorway|AtLocation|mostly inside
park|ocean|UsedFor|throwing
closet|container|IsA|room in a home
shelf|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
silence|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
home|table|UsedFor|reading
boxes|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
suicide|learning|MadeOf|the human body
tennessee|switzerland|UsedFor| housing animals
hotel|passageway|IsA|place to live
computer|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
cabinet|paper|IsA|building
town|earth|IsA|place
painting|grape|IsA|location
meeting|library|CapableOf|move
house|party|CapableOf|be closed
texas|snow|HasA|car
television|bedroom|IsA|building
subdivision|montana|IsA|place where you can live
table|apartment|PartOf|admin role
conference|convention|IsA|commercial browser
leaves|countryside|IsA|natural product or man made
television|internet|AtLocation|in a store
box|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
valley|city|IsA|business that serves food
wilderness|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
floor|synagogue|IsA|place or location
cinema|opera|UsedFor| gathering together
church|auditorium|IsA|mental place
street|bathtub|HasA|wheels
store|lamp|IsA|place to live
field|library|HasA|screen
theater|classroom|HasProperty|alive
closet|trunk|HasProperty|an object
thinking|meeting|IsA|place to study
water|glass|CapableOf|be used as transport 
skyscraper|city|AtLocation|in your company
garden|college|IsA|object that can be held
sugar|outside|HasProperty|found below ground level
ocean|plants|PartOf|house
cupboard|soup|IsA|location
refrigerators|stove|HasA|empty space in it
reflection|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
warehouse|bag|UsedFor|storing physical things
desktop|computer|AtLocation|in the living room
fun|pride|IsA|verb
porch|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
demonstration|product|IsA|type of shop
key|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
bedroom|television|IsA|ground where child play
forest|wilderness|IsA|proper noun
closet|box|AtLocation|on the map
bedroom|apartment|CapableOf|be slept in
books|apartment|IsA|furniture 
remembering|instruction|MadeOf|wood
table|bed|AtLocation|on the map
radio|newspaper|CapableOf| be held in your hand
michigan|cage|CapableOf|fly
sleep|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
countryside|hole|IsA|animal or book
state|city|AtLocation|inside a house
wedding|theater|IsA|part of a human
clothes|table|HasProperty|an object
atlas|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
meeting|game|UsedFor|learning
airport|wings|PartOf|house 
electricity|house|UsedFor|worship
microwave|elevator|IsA|physical and movable item
outside|mexico|HasProperty|made by humans
cupboard|supermarket|CapableOf|be opened/closed
car|store|MadeOf|wood
frisbee|tree|UsedFor|throwing
bar|container|HasProperty|a beverage
building|house|HasA|airplanes
countryside|leaves|IsA|natural product or man made
street|desert|IsA|place where you can live
pot|cupboard|IsA|building
refrigerator|cup|AtLocation|in a house
jar|change|IsA|place you can visit
information|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
subdivision|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
switzerland|pennsylvania|HasProperty|a country
body|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
michigan|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
field|shelf|HasProperty|edible
school|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
skyscraper|heaven|CapableOf|move freely
countryside|roof|IsA|animal
front|answer|HasProperty|related to children
stream|sloth|IsA|place
bowl|porch|CapableOf|be used with a computer
shop|home|IsA|1 syllable  word
box|jar|IsA|public building
attic|trouble|IsA|animal
jar|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
concert|college|IsA|object that can be held
stairs|furniture|IsA|type of building
street|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
discovery|birds|IsA|emotion
clouds|television|IsA|place in a house
montana|earth|IsA|event
home|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
crying|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
ceiling|water|IsA|car
bridge|forest|IsA|living/once living
concert|program|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
enemies|fight|HasA|physical element
closet|attic|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
joy|park|MadeOf|golden
california|indiana|MadeOf|fiber
nightmares|death|CapableOf|hurt
television|apartment|HasProperty|a room
groceries|house|CapableOf|be moved around
container|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
cave|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
hole|universe|CapableOf|be currently visited
doorway|school|CapableOf|be lived in
conference|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
cupboard|case|UsedFor|eating
basement|bedroom|IsA|type of room
pocket|store|IsA|piece of furniture
sorrow|money|IsA|negative thing
safe|field|HasProperty|related to studying
school|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
injuries|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
neighborhood|city|IsA|place where you can live
human|school|IsA|country
motel|hotel|UsedFor|over night stays 
table|cabinet|IsA|dish
refrigerators|container|HasA|empty space in it
beach|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
pool|river|UsedFor|transportation
outside|house|UsedFor|cooking
clothing|drawer|CapableOf|be easily carried
synagogue|skin|IsA|place
lightning|food|CapableOf|fly
hospital|bedroom|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
room|sun|IsA|car
book|desktop|AtLocation|library
soup|pool|CapableOf|be used as transport 
office|locker|CapableOf|be worn
books|meeting|MadeOf|meet
confusion|skate|CapableOf|be heard
library|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
hotel|motel|UsedFor|over night stays 
desk|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
meeting|manual|PartOf|publication
workplace|homes|IsA|place
house|electricity|UsedFor|worship
ground|ficus|UsedFor|storing food
supermarket|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
office|library|HasProperty|religious
store|building|CapableOf|have a street address
headache|allergies|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
manual|alcohol|IsA|product that people buy
condiments|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
light|universe|UsedFor|serving food
cupboard|shelf|CapableOf|be found in a house
refrigerators|kitchen|MadeOf|metal
canada|books|MadeOf|sand mostly
fun|celebrating|IsA|verb
cut|thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
demonstration|corner|UsedFor|furniture
drinking|excitement|IsA|verb
mountain|sky|CapableOf|fly
bathroom|staircase|HasProperty|a type of building
kitchen|bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
desert|street|HasProperty|a location
humiliation|fatigue|IsA|emotion
machine|office|UsedFor|fun
glass|boat|IsA|physical item 
furniture|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
suburb|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
swimming|countryside|HasProperty|man made
dust|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
heaven|field|IsA|place where money is kept
opera|wedding|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
vase|shelf|IsA|something kept at home
alcohol|bread|CapableOf|be entered
problems|shock|IsA|emotion
work|ocean|AtLocation|in your company
clouds|closet|IsA|place in a house
reflection|discovery|IsA|colorful
funeral|boat|MadeOf|wood
chocolate|food|IsA|public building
meeting|internet|MadeOf|meet
bedroom|motel|IsA|study room
theater|wall|IsA|ceremony
trash|toilet|IsA|building
skyscraper|valley|IsA|country or state
fear|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
apartment|classroom|HasProperty|alive
basement|bathroom|HasA|roof
bathroom|box|CapableOf|fly
desert|town|IsA|state
bathroom|food|MadeOf|metal
instruction|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
lake|valley|IsA|natural thing
park|internet|CapableOf|be alive
church|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
airplane|drugstore|AtLocation|in your room
space|front|HasProperty|related to children
homes|home|CapableOf|move freely
office|table|IsA|type of room
desktop|office|AtLocation|inside someone's home
sunshine|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
cat|sleep|PartOf|house
opera|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
toronto|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
desktop|meeting|UsedFor|storage
beach|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
cage|roof|CapableOf|fly
opera|synagogue|IsA|commercial browser
hospital|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
roof|windowsill|IsA|place where you can stand
bedroom|cabinet|IsA|room (type)
table|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
opera|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
desktop|toilet|IsA|furniture
motel|house|IsA|study room
kitchen|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
canada|pennsylvania|HasProperty|located in europe
car|street|IsA|mode of transportation
pond|bay|HasProperty|human made
car|boat|UsedFor|transportation
pond|town|IsA|country
pond|valley|HasProperty|human made
montana|people|HasProperty|an event
carrots|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
suffering|communication|UsedFor|manifesting joy
meeting|newspaper|MadeOf|meet
computer|university|IsA|building
countryside|store|IsA|living thing
change|wallet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
basement|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
drawer|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
hallway|museum|IsA|room in a property
porch|desk|AtLocation|as part of a house
stamps|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
money|church|UsedFor|living
computer|table|IsA|place of formal education
freeway|prison|CapableOf|be read
injury|pride|CapableOf|fly
arguments|joy|CapableOf|be physically touched
listening|entertaining|MadeOf|the human body
trauma|depression|IsA|something a baby could have
synagogue|library|CapableOf|be worn
key|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
beach|mexico|AtLocation|outside
food|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
teaching|working|HasA|ltr p
garden|backyard|IsA|nation
house|passageway|IsA|item of clothing
closet|ground|IsA|place for clothes
book|library|MadeOf|paper
river|street|IsA|physical item 
computer|television|HasA|usually have people inside
glass|water|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
kitchen|kitchens|PartOf|business
garage|school|IsA|building
sun|rain|AtLocation|at a home
crying|trauma|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
office|library|UsedFor|housing
snore|garage|HasProperty|a household item
building|barn|UsedFor|teaching
suburb|desert|IsA|state
classroom|supermarket|HasProperty|a gathering place
dog|rosebush|UsedFor|transport
knowledge|book|HasProperty|related to studying
glass|books|IsA|object
hotel|coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
woods|bar|HasA|usually have people inside
corner|bathtub|MadeOf|organic brown matter
front|peanuts|UsedFor|containing objects
air|sky|IsA|animal
shelf|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
trash|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
home|shop|IsA|physical item 
pot|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
beach|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
library|demonstration|HasProperty|able to be entered
ceiling|roof|PartOf|vehicle
container|store|UsedFor|storing physical things
dog|outside|AtLocation|on the map
outdoors|park|IsA|nation
frogs|carpet|IsA|place you can go
butterflies|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
bathroom|refrigerator|CapableOf|be opened/closed
montana|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
office|school|UsedFor|housing
tree|carpet|HasProperty|furniture in a house
supermarket|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
school|palace|IsA|type of building
drawer|desk|UsedFor|eating
yard|neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
house|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
box|sky|PartOf|physical structure
home|market|IsA|type /part of building
suburbs|yard|MadeOf|sand
park|switzerland|MadeOf|plastic
bar|container|IsA|type of room in houses
people|theater|IsA|place you buy food
sky|beach|IsA|living thing
mouse|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
room|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
refrigerator|beer|MadeOf|metal
cut|injury|IsA|emotion
dirt|ocean|PartOf|the continent 
funeral|bag|IsA|structure or building
salad|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
puddle|sink|UsedFor|transportation
germany|skate|CapableOf|be heard
dancing|fun|IsA|verb
roof|nest|PartOf|physical structure
kitchens|casino|MadeOf|metal
party|desk|IsA|n electronic device
table|cupboard|AtLocation|indoors
beaver|city|UsedFor|digging 
country|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
bathroom|restaurant|HasA|usually have people inside
street|garden|HasA|first letter c
hope|ocean|HasProperty|found in the house
office|desk|IsA|religious card
classroom|ceiling|IsA|place to sleep
plate|condiments|AtLocation|in a house
curtain|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
supermarket|opera|IsA|house where man live
cave|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
table|movie|UsedFor|storage
driveway|city|IsA|state
sunshine|beach|HasProperty|hot
bowl|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
sky|street|AtLocation|at a home
dance|carpet|IsA|type of room
garden|forest|IsA|nation
playground|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
imagination|confession|UsedFor|praying
table|vase|IsA|art-related item
closet|kitchen|IsA|building
town|michigan|IsA|business that serves food
glass|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
sea|waterfall|HasA|earth
cat|nature|HasProperty|a household item
film|disneyland|UsedFor|storage
table|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
bowl|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
suburbs|wilderness|IsA|proper noun
cabinet|desktop|IsA|necessity for education
market|table|IsA|place or location
forest|seattle|MadeOf|sand
home|homes|IsA|fancy
cup|food|AtLocation|in a house
game|club|AtLocation|in a building
woods|suburbs|IsA|place
burger|pantry|IsA|location or room
floor|porch|CapableOf|be easily carried
kitchen|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
jail|dentist|CapableOf|store
airplane|car|CapableOf|move location
action|church|UsedFor|living
desert|nature|IsA|1 syllable word
anxiety|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
computer|office|UsedFor|housing
electricity|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
table|refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
water|street|IsA|place to pray
supermarket|conference|HasProperty|alive
discovery|thinking|IsA|colorful
shelf|field|HasA|edible items for sale
office|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
controversy|money|IsA|negative thing
silence|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
silverware|kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
garage|roof|CapableOf|be found in a house
magazine|lake|IsA|place
yard|backyard|IsA|nation
suburb|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
television|garage|HasProperty|a household item
opera|church|IsA|place you buy food
countryside|street|MadeOf|sand
refrigerator|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
countryside|building|UsedFor|swimming
books|window|IsA|furniture
garage|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
disneyland|pot|CapableOf|cooking
party|school|HasProperty|a place where people sing
pocket|map|IsA|building
pizza|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
cave|hotel|IsA|place to live
utensils|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
condiments|food|HasA|store edible items
color|information|UsedFor|studying
like|entertaining|IsA|enjoyable
room|house|UsedFor|driving
museum|house|UsedFor|storing things inside
austria|asia|MadeOf|rocks
disneyland|cabinet|IsA|place to make food
closet|party|IsA|building
pot|porch|IsA|building
pantry|groceries|MadeOf|wood
table|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
bowl|dishwasher|IsA|building
birds|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
dishes|table|IsA|furniture 
church|doctor|IsA|country
inspiration|entertainment|HasA|positive connotation
families|box|IsA|place
encyclopedia|stream|IsA|place
market|library|IsA|type /part of building
harbor|ocean|IsA|physical item 
apartment|house|AtLocation|in a building
ocean|village|AtLocation|in your company
market|kitchen|IsA|type /part of building
thinking|revelations|UsedFor|driving
montana|suburb|IsA|place where you can live
ficus|refrigerator|IsA|place where people live
pizza|desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
car|party|UsedFor|storage
airport|human|PartOf|house 
stamps|table|IsA|something found in a household
california|teapot|AtLocation|in the united states
connection|company|AtLocation|library
box|store|PartOf|house
city|town|CapableOf|be parked on
cup|rug|AtLocation|on the map
library|office|IsA|place of formal education
building|town|IsA|nature-related
depression|nostalgia|HasProperty|linked to food
mouth|wedding|IsA|place
university|church|IsA|place
chair|furniture|AtLocation|in home
refrigerator|ground|IsA|place people live
subdivision|driveway|IsA|state
telephone|lamp|IsA|building
candy|chocolate|IsA|public building
death|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
bedroom|kitchen|HasProperty|a room
closet|clothing|IsA|1 syllable word
basement|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bed|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
driveway|street|UsedFor|transportation
ocean|human|HasA|usually have people inside
australia|cage|UsedFor|food
control|government|IsA|book
apartment|table|IsA|building
house|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
bread|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
warehouse|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
library|university|IsA|physical tangible object
bedroom|basement|IsA|type of room
problems|embarrassment|PartOf|mental disorder
museum|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
movie|drawer|IsA|something you eat off
village|rock|HasProperty|in a cold climate
refrigerator|california|HasProperty|a state in the usa
pleasure|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
montana|conference|IsA|place or location
lightning|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
building|mexico|IsA|nature-related
bedroom|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
garage|apartment|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
store|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
dishes|glass|CapableOf|be used for school
sweat|argument|IsA|positive card
problems|controversy|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
carnival|opera|PartOf|building
nostalgia|instruction|IsA|negative thing
persia|place|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
street|driveway|UsedFor|transportation
park|joy|MadeOf|pause
airport|office|IsA|type /part of building
building|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
playground|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
teaching|excitement|HasA|ltr p
fun|happiness|IsA|n emotion
teacher|classroom|UsedFor|writing
town|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
bar|city|AtLocation|inside a house
skin|town|HasProperty|an event
switzerland|playground|MadeOf|plastic
sink|table|HasA|edible items for sale
mexico|countryside|IsA|country
montana|tent|IsA|place you buy food
magazines|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
party|corner|IsA|ground where child play
fish|river|CapableOf|be walked on
street|ball|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
building|playground|IsA|country
desk|chair|UsedFor|praying
water|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
refrigerator|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
ballpark|jar|IsA|reply to a question
airport|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
refrigerator|shelf|UsedFor|storing things in
cupboard|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
nails|office|IsA|place where students learn
hospital|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
conference|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
newspaper|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
country|city|AtLocation|on map
bubblegum|money|IsA|thing you have on person
dinner|trash|IsA|place
entertaining|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
playground|building|IsA|nature-related
heaven|field|UsedFor|cooking
garage|attic|UsedFor|cooking
drinking|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
closet|box|IsA|mode of transportation
notebook|cabinet|HasA|walls
weather|arctic|PartOf|city
refrigerator|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
demonstration|house|IsA|pencil
car|airplane|CapableOf|move location
carrots|soup|IsA|food
cellar|house|UsedFor|mainly sleep
ground|television|IsA|place for clothes
refrigerator|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
wallet|apartment|UsedFor|storage
city|army|IsA|concept or place
school|auditorium|HasA|usually have people inside
supermarket|wedding|IsA|part of a human
communication|agreement|IsA|activity
grape|carrots|IsA|sweet or savory
farm|entertainment|IsA|mode of transport
gate|hospital|IsA|business
countryside|playground|IsA|nature-related
room|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
attic|building|CapableOf|work
store|montana|IsA|country
backyard|persia|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
desk|office|IsA|religious card
field|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
corner|motel|IsA|study room
hotel|park|IsA|event
jar|cabinet|IsA|school supply
neighborhood|montana|IsA|rural region
wall|theater|MadeOf|wood
table|sink|HasA|edible items for sale
backpack|cabinet|CapableOf|be eaten
microwave|case|IsA|form of entertainment
valley|minnesota|IsA|business that serves food
wallet|film|IsA|dish
yard|store|IsA|part of nature
cupboard|container|HasProperty|found below ground level
sea|ocean|IsA|place that humans can swim
refrigerator|toilet|IsA|building
magazine|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
home|kitchen|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
outdoors|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
countryside|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
toilet|ocean|HasProperty|a building
house|church|HasA|usually have people inside
dream|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
alcohol|refrigerator|PartOf|food and drink
freeway|seaside|IsA|man-made thing
humans|universe|IsA|drink
water|fun|IsA|place
store|closet|MadeOf|food
garden|house|HasProperty|found in a home
office|telephone|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
school|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
newspaper|love|HasA|use electricity
theater|synagogue|IsA|planet
barnyard|antarctica|IsA|animal
pantry|bedroom|CapableOf|be found in a house
party|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
telephone|machine|UsedFor|fun
classroom|synagogue|HasA|walls
ground|dust|HasA|opening or door
town|pond|IsA|place people work and live
trees|countryside|IsA|nation
refrigerator|home|IsA|place where people live
effort|stretch|AtLocation|on the body
church|university|AtLocation|in a building
stadium|restaurant|UsedFor|pooping
desktop|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
supermarket|store|CapableOf|be opened/closed
pantry|refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
sweat|injuries|IsA|physical outcome
attic|garage|IsA|store items
windowsill|flower|UsedFor|at home
action|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
theater|action|UsedFor|living
suffering|love|IsA|sad emotion
toronto|attic|HasProperty|a household item
microwave|movie|IsA|something you eat off
garage|building|MadeOf|water
oven|refrigerators|MadeOf|metal
dishwasher|bowl|IsA|building
refrigerators|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
hole|field|IsA|country
antarctica|garage|AtLocation|indoors
opera|theater|IsA|event
seattle|street|IsA|type of land
hotel|garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
suburbs|seaside|CapableOf|be read
bedroom|university|IsA|object that can be held
sleep|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
house|school|HasA|usually have people inside
apartment|classroom|UsedFor|reading and studying
jar|water|HasProperty|a building
paper|pen|IsA|school supply
sky|forest|IsA|part of nature
countryside|pond|IsA|place you visit often
class|information|IsA|physical tangible object
head|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
grass|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
drawer|dust|MadeOf|food
cupboard|wall|IsA|place to store items
pond|rock|IsA|living/once living
money|pain|IsA|emotion
basement|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
encyclopedia|desk|IsA|necessity for education
bed|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
seaside|california|CapableOf|be read
forest|mexico|IsA|country
church|home|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
montana|city|UsedFor|digging 
theater|convention|IsA|place
magazines|porch|UsedFor|cooling
bar|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
apartment|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
garage|motel|HasProperty|a place where people sing
desk|attic|HasProperty|found in the house
furniture|table|HasProperty|found in a house
workplace|factory|IsA|type of building
computer|table|UsedFor|work
classroom|mansion|IsA|location
case|desk|IsA|something you eat off
montana|ocean|IsA|n item of furniture
jar|nails|IsA|piece of furniture
countryside|mountains|IsA|place you can live
forest|desert|IsA|geographic location
disneyland|synagogue|HasA|ticket box usually
town|bathroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
container|oven|AtLocation|in a house
barn|museum|UsedFor|fun
closet|party|AtLocation|on the map
passageway|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
carrots|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
box|countryside|CapableOf|fly
office|classroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
morgue|garage|HasA|exterior walls
house|bar|CapableOf|be entered
closet|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
sleep|snore|IsA|place
conference|assessment|UsedFor|announcing something
home|microwave|IsA|animal
throne|game|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
meeting|newspaper|IsA|place for students
restaurant|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
morgue|death|PartOf|the human body
trees|building|UsedFor|swimming
church|theater|IsA|place
book|information|HasA|screen
oven|refrigerators|UsedFor|storing edible things
building|storage|MadeOf|water
library|classroom|IsA|necessity for education
roadway|montana|HasProperty|a location
snore|cat|AtLocation|in home
air|bread|CapableOf|be entered
bottle|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
classroom|briefcase|IsA|building
dirt|fingernails|HasA|first letter c
window|shelf|IsA|object
enemies|competing|HasProperty|about  clashes
light|beach|MadeOf|wood
music|opera|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
forest|yard|IsA|country
skin|headache|MadeOf|the human body
revelations|headache|UsedFor|driving
cabinet|case|IsA|something you eat off
cupboard|kitchen|HasProperty|edible
wall|bedroom|AtLocation|above the ground
wall|outside|IsA|room
air|park|IsA|animal
roof|store|PartOf|natural landscape
film|wallet|IsA|something found in a household
cabinet|desktop|CapableOf|be found in a house
information|thinking|UsedFor|studying
garage|water|AtLocation|within a building's structure
windowsill|sun|HasProperty|hot
skyscraper|hallway|IsA|country or state
apartment|drawer|IsA|furniture 
water|nature|IsA|car
refrigerator|beer|IsA|type of business
onions|pantry|IsA|location or room
empathy|humiliation|IsA|emotion
garage|glass|CapableOf|be used as transport 
clothing|trunk|MadeOf|food
pocket|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
school|porch|IsA|object
city|funeral|CapableOf|have people physically in it
frogs|dust|IsA|place you can go
bathroom|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
room|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
box|car|IsA|place to pray
woods|forest|IsA|place
hotel|wires|IsA|list of alphabets
favors|agreement|IsA|verb
barnyard|switzerland|UsedFor|food
hole|russia|IsA|place where money is kept
drawer|jail|CapableOf|store
money|purse|IsA|place you can visit
mountains|wilderness|AtLocation|below
apartment|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
town|synagogue|IsA|commercial browser
desktop|paper|HasA|walls
effort|exercise|HasA|m at the beginning
manual|book|IsA|thing you can touch
trees|playground|AtLocation|outside
carrots|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
house|school|HasProperty|in or is a building
corner|office|IsA|building
floor|cupboard|MadeOf|food
india|america|IsA|proper noun
dinner|knowledge|IsA|place to study
pot|mouse|IsA|furniture
refrigerators|oven|HasProperty|used for meals
desktop|table|MadeOf|paper
meeting|toilet|AtLocation|at home
neighborhood|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
supermarket|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
balloon|jail|IsA|product that people buy
love|dancing|IsA|verb
happiness|anger|UsedFor|punish
shed|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
sky|cage|CapableOf|fly
ground|television|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
prison|city|CapableOf|be read
disneyland|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
change|supermarket|IsA|place to be entertained
library|field|IsA|physical tangible object
bubblegum|action|IsA|place you can visit
apartment|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
dishwasher|sink|IsA|furniture
basement|shed|IsA|place
sweat|death|HasProperty|about  clashes
front|box|IsA|reply to a question
corner|television|HasProperty|used for learning
building|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
jar|refrigerator|IsA|  place
mexico|playground|IsA|country
party|desk|IsA|building
dinner|head|HasProperty|related to studying
cellar|cabinet|IsA|room
gymnasium|school|IsA|in a home
desktop|concert|UsedFor|worship
stress|anger|IsA|feeling or emotion
anxiety|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
contemplating|relaxation|UsedFor|driving
house|notes|UsedFor|happiness
bedroom|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
canada|park|IsA|place people work and live
backyard|bedroom|IsA|animal
city|neighborhood|HasA|buildings in it
people|imagination|IsA|n item of furniture
wallet|disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
mountain|park|MadeOf|plastic
synagogue|convention|IsA|social event
university|school|UsedFor|to get a degree
class|information|HasProperty|a meal
dance|class|PartOf|building
windowsill|store|HasProperty|man-made
classroom|manual|CapableOf|be used virtually 
lamp|computer|UsedFor|work
porch|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
office|locker|IsA|place of learning
happiness|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
tent|earth|HasProperty|part of a human
kitchen|office|AtLocation|in a house
opera|apartment|HasProperty|an event
woods|museum|HasA|usually have people inside
case|stamps|IsA|form of entertainment
cooking|rosebush|IsA|outdoor location
apartment|office|HasProperty|found in a house
bedroom|desk|IsA|building
microwave|car|CapableOf|employ people
table|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
food|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
shelf|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
bicycle|car|IsA|mode of transportation
dinner|floor|HasProperty|removable
fear|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
street|action|CapableOf|keeping cash
roof|ground|PartOf|nature
demonstration|person|PartOf|body
kitchen|jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
microwave|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
countryside|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
library|apartment|IsA|type /part of building
boxes|basement|UsedFor|cooking
car|street|IsA|place to pray
snow|curtain|HasProperty|hot
home|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
cave|airport|IsA|public place
trees|countryside|IsA|man made thing
library|classroom|HasA|walls
rain|room|HasProperty|white
ground|roof|IsA|animal
bar|hallway|UsedFor|car repair
apartment|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
table|country|UsedFor|worship
floor|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
furniture|loft|CapableOf|sleep on it
stable|city|MadeOf|country
trees|pond|CapableOf|be part of a house
communication|fun|IsA|verb
cabinet|museum|IsA|place to store items
jail|church|UsedFor|a gathering of people
loft|classroom|CapableOf|move location
canada|montana|UsedFor|driving 
arctic|forest|IsA|type of land
internet|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
sorrow|controversy|IsA|something a baby could have
theater|opera|IsA|social event
street|field|UsedFor|playing
drinking|celebrating|IsA|activity
university|book|IsA|place for students
library|workplace|HasProperty|visited by tourists
bathtub|closet|MadeOf|asphalt
apartment|store|CapableOf|sleep on it
motel|closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
table|refrigerators|IsA|  place
pizza|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
library|airport|IsA|physical item 
apartment|dishwasher|IsA|dish
stress|tension|HasA|physical element
home|table|UsedFor|cooling
school|garage|PartOf|the human body
church|workplace|UsedFor|free
cut|lightning|IsA|colorful
toilet|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
television|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
cupboard|container|IsA|room in a building
school|cave|UsedFor|reading books
ocean|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
germany|carnival|IsA|action
anger|satisfaction|HasA|ltr p
furniture|drawer|IsA|store items
attic|television|HasProperty|an animal
restaurant|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
change|wallet|HasProperty|to do with currency
pot|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
bedroom|home|CapableOf|have people  inside
neighborhood|subdivision|IsA|state
drinking|happiness|IsA|verb
program|theater|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
park|playground|AtLocation|at a party
backyard|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
rug|bed|UsedFor|indoor activities
mountain|switzerland|AtLocation|at a party
shock|controversy|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
nightmares|controversy|PartOf|mental disorder
stove|refrigerator|HasProperty|used for meals
crying|problems|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
trash|plate|IsA|1 syllable word
apartment|movie|UsedFor|storage
glass|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
hairbrush|ceiling|IsA|place to sleep
beach|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
restaurant|lumberyard|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
garage|toilet|HasProperty|a room
ground|rock|IsA|living/once living
encyclopedia|dinner|IsA|physical tangible object
arboretum|teapot|AtLocation|in the united states
lemur|desert|IsA|country
bird|stream|IsA|natural thing
fight|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
newspaper|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
hallway|basement|AtLocation|at a home
drinking|smiles|IsA|verb
cupboard|drawer|IsA|furniture 
refrigerator|pantry|HasProperty|used for meals
mexico|canada|IsA|place people work and live
jar|television|IsA|event
store|trunk|IsA|1 syllable word
hospital|house|PartOf|the human body
human|chair|IsA|place where you can visit
frogs|corner|IsA|place you can go
oven|stove|HasA|store edible items
restaurant|opera|UsedFor|worship
people|earth|IsA|place you buy food
demonstration|laugh|HasProperty|a type of property
love|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
house|ocean|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
chair|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
passageway|bathroom|IsA|business
sun|street|IsA|place
smiles|fun|IsA|verb
imagination|heaven|IsA|place of religion
library|information|HasA|screen
drawer|junk|HasProperty|an animal
money|pocket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
auditorium|ocean|IsA|n item of furniture
america|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
rosebush|indiana|PartOf|house
concert|carnival|IsA|music related event
michigan|street|AtLocation|inside a house
trauma|shock|IsA|positive thing
room|basement|CapableOf|be used for storage
drawer|store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
airplane|airport|PartOf|house 
synagogue|office|IsA|building
office|library|IsA|ceremony
antarctica|ranch|IsA|animal
bridge|ocean|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
magazines|clothing|CapableOf|store
bottle|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
kitchens|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
microwave|wallet|UsedFor|storage
pantry|cabinet|HasA|door
table|cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
theater|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
instruction|dream|IsA|negative feeling
person|laugh|HasProperty|a type of property
homes|school|UsedFor|travel
chairs|desk|IsA|type of room
garden|mexico|IsA|country
church|motel|HasA|usually have people inside
pride|fun|IsA|verb
garage|warehouse|AtLocation|in united states
barn|building|UsedFor|parking cars
cabinet|garage|UsedFor|storage
president|corporation|HasProperty|powerful
montana|town|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
supermarket|town|HasProperty|part of a human
wilderness|forest|IsA|place
closet|bed|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
mountains|marmoset|IsA|n animal
flowers|shelf|IsA|something kept at home
desert|rain|PartOf|city
party|balloon|UsedFor|driving
entertaining|learning|IsA|activity
wedding|mansion|IsA|location
trouble|country|IsA|object/thing
garage|meeting|AtLocation|in bathroom
city|skyscraper|AtLocation|in your company
field|knowledge|IsA|place to study
america|ocean|IsA|continent
injury|anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
ceiling|roof|CapableOf|move location
heaven|confession|IsA|religious card
computer|student|IsA|building
house|suburbs|IsA|state
window|library|MadeOf|wood
food|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
sun|ground|HasProperty|white
pizza|glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
dance|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
desktop|picture|MadeOf|paper
cupboard|shelf|UsedFor|storage
garage|museum|UsedFor|storing things inside
field|countryside|IsA|man made thing
opera|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
theater|opera|HasProperty|alive
mountains|louisiana|HasA|even number of letter
bubblegum|wallet|IsA|thing you have on person
corner|dust|IsA|place in a house
river|sea|IsA|place that humans can swim
library|bedroom|HasProperty|able to be entered
store|closet|UsedFor|storing physical things
disneyland|boxes|HasProperty|found below ground level
trash|landfill|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
beach|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
television|head|IsA|physical tangible object
jar|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
apartment|house|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
newspaper|television|HasA|letter e in it
instruction|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
house|pantry|CapableOf|be moved around
opera|electricity|UsedFor|work
church|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
trauma|shock|IsA|emotion
refrigerators|refrigerator|UsedFor|cooling things
mouse|cupboard|IsA|room
beaver|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
groceries|trunk|MadeOf|metal
soup|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
punch|tears|MadeOf|one syllable
airport|floor|IsA|item of furniture
floor|desk|UsedFor|furnishing a house
mess|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
stamps|microwave|IsA|form of entertainment
sleep|snore|PartOf|house
pleasure|crying|IsA|negative feeling
refrigerator|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
bathtub|furniture|UsedFor|reading
entertaining|tears|IsA|activity
container|sewer|IsA|room in a building
hope|ocean|MadeOf|energy
cat|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
doctor|battle|IsA|country
kitchen|backpack|AtLocation|in a home
briefcase|nails|UsedFor|writing
locker|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
conference|opera|IsA|social event
stable|antarctica|IsA|animal
garage|conference|IsA|human or part of human
cabinet|utensils|MadeOf|plastic
refrigerators|condiments|HasA|empty space in it
newspaper|thinking|IsA|place for students
desert|park|IsA|place
nest|box|CapableOf|fly
bedroom|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
chocolate|park|IsA|event
box|forest|CapableOf|fly
city|village|AtLocation|in your company
learning|listening|IsA|something specific
airport|school|IsA|item of clothing
maze|building|HasA|beds
countryside|outside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
newspaper|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
doctor|band|IsA|job
boat|wall|UsedFor|reading
party|balloon|IsA|product that people buy
hairbrush|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
synagogue|opera|UsedFor|buying food
telephone|desk|IsA|building
kitchen|cabinet|AtLocation|inside a house
auditorium|school|IsA|building
porch|table|CapableOf|provide a service
universe|closet|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
opera|cinema|HasProperty|alive
fight|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
forest|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
school|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
wallet|purse|CapableOf|hold objects
birds|food|CapableOf|tell stories
dishwasher|garage|IsA|furniture
garage|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
restaurant|yard|AtLocation|outside
bedroom|motel|IsA|ground where child play
homes|love|IsA|country
bathroom|store|CapableOf| be moved
mouse|pot|IsA|furniture
yard|countryside|AtLocation|outside
city|florida|CapableOf|be read
town|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
desktop|sink|HasA|edible items for sale
party|desk|IsA|study room
people|confession|IsA|place or location
book|museum|CapableOf|be worn
park|air|IsA|part of nature
countryside|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
conference|ocean|IsA|n item of furniture
attic|drawer|IsA|place
hospital|motel|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
town|park|IsA|place or location
windowsill|closet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
store|box|IsA|room in a home
park|sky|IsA|part of nature
revelations|relaxation|UsedFor|seeking an answer
church|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
head|university|UsedFor|studying
box|bicycle|IsA|place
freeway|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
condiments|refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
museum|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
playground|backyard|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
kitchens|container|IsA|type of food
hallway|apartment|HasProperty|able to be entered
effort|accomplishment|HasProperty|about  clashes
dinner|thinking|IsA|part media
contemplating|thinking|UsedFor|driving
bedroom|hallway|HasA|a bath
computer|restaurant|UsedFor|work
pantry|table|IsA|furniture 
wings|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
library|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
playground|town|IsA|nation
refrigerator|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
attic|shed|IsA|structure or building
outside|house|IsA|in a home
desert|canada|UsedFor|digging 
furniture|rug|IsA|building
sunbathers|windowsill|HasProperty|hot
jail|car|CapableOf|be entered
montana|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
outdoors|pond|HasA|properties of any kind
valley|playground|HasA|1 syllable  word
roof|store|CapableOf|sleeping
conference|mansion|IsA|location
remembering|pleasure|IsA|emotion
newspaper|information|MadeOf|meet
office|kitchen|CapableOf|move people
toilet|ocean|PartOf|kitchen
information|manual|PartOf|publication
furniture|floor|IsA|building
magazine|drawer|IsA|room or building
office|wires|IsA|building 
hole|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
shelf|bedroom|HasProperty|edible
bed|junk|HasProperty|an animal
cabinet|refrigerator|AtLocation|indoors
snow|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
listening|enjoyment|IsA|something considered as positive
cage|michigan|HasProperty|man-made
company|work|HasA|use electricity
injury|pride|IsA|negative emotion
celebrating|tears|IsA|verb
cupboard|dishwasher|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
outdoors|forest|MadeOf|trees
opera|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
mexico|park|IsA|place people work and live
basement|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
attic|garage|IsA|room in a building
box|bathroom|HasProperty|man-made
school|gymnasium|HasA|roof
box|cupboard|IsA|location
cup|oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
pizza|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
classroom|bar|IsA|room in a property
smiles|love|IsA|verb
friends|magazines|UsedFor|furniture
drink|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
fulfillment|empathy|IsA|emotion
company|store|IsA|business
theater|apartment|HasProperty|alive
telephone|corner|IsA|building
party|apartment|HasProperty|a place where people sing
restaurant|lamp|UsedFor|worship
locker|synagogue|HasA|walls
doctor|show|CapableOf|promote health
kitchen|dishwasher|IsA|building
desert|countryside|IsA|animal
classroom|museum|UsedFor|car repair
library|school|UsedFor|education
park|yard|HasProperty|somewhere to go
backpack|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
cellar|house|IsA|room
restaurant|woods|IsA|room in a property
house|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
book|desktop|IsA|building
outdoors|building|IsA|nation
canada|montana|UsedFor|digging 
book|internet|CapableOf|have people physically in it
computer|school|UsedFor|student
teapot|arboretum|IsA|type of tree
university|church|AtLocation|within a building's structure
closet|basement|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
house|motel|IsA|study room
opera|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
party|library|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
hallway|demonstration|HasProperty|able to be entered
car|pool|IsA|physical item 
house|clock|MadeOf|wood
mountains|snow|MadeOf|metal
sea|park|IsA|vacation destination
laughter|pain|IsA|negative feeling
dance|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
garden|program|UsedFor|work
basement|cellar|IsA|place
closet|clouds|CapableOf|show films
like|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
electricity|opera|UsedFor|work
dishwasher|pantry|IsA|furniture 
car|bathroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
convention|conference|IsA|house where man live
machine|party|UsedFor|communication
montana|suburb|IsA|residential area
thinking|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
continent|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
california|alabama|IsA|state in uk
apartment|pot|IsA|furniture
opera|people|IsA|part of a human
wings|airplane|CapableOf|move freely
desert|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
food|refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
injury|thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
hotel|supermarket|IsA|place
butterflies|cut|IsA|emotion
laughter|pain|IsA|sad emotion
pocket|money|IsA|thing you have on person
books|information|HasA|letter e in it
kitchen|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
tears|favors|IsA|activity
apartment|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
farm|wedding|UsedFor|over night stays 
sky|forest|CapableOf|fly
antarctica|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
supermarket|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
manual|clouds|UsedFor|driving
television|cat|PartOf|house
park|street|HasProperty|hot
bedroom|house|IsA|room (type)
park|chocolate|IsA|event
dishwasher|microwave|UsedFor|storage
mexico|oklahoma|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
street|bedroom|IsA|business that serves food
cabinet|refrigerator|HasProperty|sold in stores
color|class|IsA|place to study
lightning|birds|IsA|colorful
windowsill|box|PartOf|natural landscape
kitchen|apartment|HasProperty|able to be entered
bathroom|forest|HasProperty|somewhere to go
color|meeting|PartOf|human mind
food|condiments|HasProperty|used for meals
wilderness|city|IsA|proper noun
cellar|outside|UsedFor|cooking
lightning|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
windowsill|countryside|CapableOf|fly
can|pot|UsedFor|storing things in
street|roadway|IsA|state
restaurant|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
sloth|commercial|MadeOf|water
conference|jar|IsA|place where students learn
garden|plants|HasA|head
motel|office|IsA|ground where child play
condiments|plate|AtLocation|in a house
supermarket|carnival|IsA|place or location
regret|relaxation|IsA|action
canada|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
sleep|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
shop|home|IsA|room or building
convention|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
office|hospital|IsA|item of clothing
windowsill|garden|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
arctic|street|IsA|popular attraction
suicide|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
stomach|silverware|HasProperty|made of wood
sloth|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
lamp|office|UsedFor|reading books
restaurant|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
ball|beach|UsedFor|farmers 
jail|airport|UsedFor|cooling
library|home|IsA|type /part of building
silence|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
opera|wedding|UsedFor|learning
sky|carpet|IsA|home appliance
universe|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
lamp|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
plate|market|IsA|piece of furniture
aircraft|school|UsedFor|pooping
buildings|mansion|UsedFor| gathering together
apartment|building|HasA|ticket box usually
hunger|dream|MadeOf|wood
doctor|school|MadeOf|by man
sink|groceries|AtLocation|in a kitchen
classroom|loft|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
restaurant|couch|MadeOf|wood
yard|hallway|AtLocation|on a map
lamp|program|UsedFor|worship
portfolio|notebook|UsedFor|writing in
office|wires|IsA|device used for working
library|manual|IsA|physical object
backpack|utensils|IsA|place
bed|table|CapableOf|provide a service
cage|roof|HasProperty|man-made
trunk|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
demonstration|assessment|IsA|human or part of human
neighborhood|roadway|HasProperty|a location
supermarket|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
airport|market|IsA|type /part of building
laughter|excitement|IsA|verb
funeral|window|MadeOf|wood
sky|water|IsA|car
park|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
pond|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
pocket|manual|UsedFor|viewing/reading
trunk|boxes|IsA|room in a home
australia|florida|CapableOf|be read
fun|joy|IsA|action
trunk|house|UsedFor|car travel
thinking|contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
college|notes|CapableOf|move
cellar|loft|CapableOf|part  of a household
homes|park|UsedFor|education
hole|cage|IsA|animal
concert|musical|UsedFor|referring to humans
film|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
storage|garden|MadeOf|water
snore|nature|HasProperty|a household item
magazine|newspaper|IsA|physical item 
bearing|trash|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
bottle|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
field|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
case|plate|IsA|something found in a household
bedroom|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
dinner|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
hotel|cave|IsA|place to live
desk|wallet|IsA|something found in a household
suburb|town|UsedFor|transportation
attic|garbage|HasA|opening or door
table|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
apartment|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
newspaper|field|HasProperty|related to studying
park|exhaustion|MadeOf|pause
jail|apartment|HasA|fee to visit
garage|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
cave|lamp|UsedFor|a holiday
shelf|drawer|CapableOf|be worn
church|earth|IsA|part of a human
class|knowledge|HasA|screen
manual|desktop|IsA|necessity for education
theater|conference|IsA|part of a human
synagogue|convention|IsA|house where man live
fun|closet|IsA|place to pray
forest|countryside|IsA|man-made thing
library|book|CapableOf|be alive
opera|concert|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
pantry|groceries|IsA|type of business
skyscraper|school|CapableOf|be lived in
desk|utensils|MadeOf|plastic
freeway|forest|IsA|place
injuries|enemies|HasProperty|about  clashes
roof|ceiling|IsA|place to sleep
toronto|cat|HasProperty|a household item
office|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
horse|grape|IsA|object
hole|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
computer|lamp|IsA|building
television|telephone|IsA|tv show
town|trees|HasA|properties of any kind
dishwasher|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
cabinet|shelf|UsedFor|viewing/reading
plate|trash|IsA|furniture
house|wall|IsA|business
ground|woods|IsA|living/once living
chair|television|IsA|store items
boat|wood|HasProperty|furniture in a house
happiness|punch|UsedFor|punish
garage|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
pain|suffering|IsA|emotion
garage|museum|HasProperty|a room
birds|airplane|CapableOf|move freely
city|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
montana|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
party|telephone|IsA|place
conference|earth|UsedFor|buying food
books|library|UsedFor|viewing/reading
closet|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
sunshine|summer|IsA|place
church|bedroom|IsA|object that can be held
table|classroom|IsA|building
movies|candy|IsA|public building
school|house|UsedFor|studying in
ceiling|sky|IsA|item of furniture
theater|program|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
porch|bed|UsedFor|cooling
balloon|air|PartOf|food and drink
church|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
porch|disneyland|IsA|furniture
garden|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
china|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
library|hospital|UsedFor|reading books
people|carpet|PartOf|building a house
contemplating|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
cupboard|bowl|CapableOf|be eaten
store|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
castle|heaven|PartOf|house 
jar|cabinet|AtLocation|in a kitchen
people|montana|IsA|part of a human
street|car|IsA|mode of transportation
jar|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
hairbrush|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
building|drugstore|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
forest|countryside|IsA|animal
jar|food|IsA|  place
australia|america|CapableOf|be read
cup|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
car|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
notebook|library|CapableOf|be worn
magazines|doctor|UsedFor|furniture
switzerland|antarctica|MadeOf|country
money|pocket|IsA|thing you have on person
snow|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
city|sun|IsA|place
school|lamp|UsedFor|a holiday
loft|kitchen|IsA|place to sleep
building|park|IsA|nation
box|stamps|IsA|1 syllable word
neighborhood|china|IsA|place where you can live
nails|backpack|UsedFor|writing
food|shop|MadeOf|metal
refrigerator|container|IsA|place for entertainment
space|front|UsedFor|containing objects
desktop|refrigerator|AtLocation|indoors
bedroom|home|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
cupboard|desktop|AtLocation|inside an office
office|porch|CapableOf|move people
stream|desert|MadeOf|trees
outside|microwave|IsA|animal
paper|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
chair|drawer|IsA|place
nature|junk|PartOf|house
pocket|dictionary|CapableOf|be held with one hand
restaurant|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
dust|television|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
stress|working|IsA|negative emotion
bedroom|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
jail|battle|IsA|country
bedroom|closet|IsA|item of clothing
kitchen|shelf|IsA|room
hotel|city|UsedFor|milking cows
countryside|ground|IsA|stone
nightmares|vaccines|IsA|feeling
birds|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
bathroom|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
carrots|potatoes|IsA|vegetable 
apartment|california|HasProperty|where someone can live
desktop|church|UsedFor|work
pantry|table|IsA|location or room
suffering|anger|IsA|emotion
moss|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
church|garden|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
street|subdivision|IsA|state
cave|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
exhaustion|headache|MadeOf|pause
people|ocean|IsA|place of religion
church|convention|UsedFor|buying food
television|party|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
house|party|HasProperty|associated with drinking
cabinet|pocket|IsA|necessity for education
trunk|shelf|IsA|type of business
people|montana|IsA|place
home|cat|IsA|part of a house
college|university|CapableOf|have people  inside
cage|windowsill|IsA|living thing
countryside|rock|MadeOf|wood
store|home|AtLocation|in a house
china|city|HasA|buildings in it
house|telephone|IsA|study room
class|head|HasProperty|a meal
home|california|AtLocation|in the united states
snore|toronto|AtLocation|in home
teacher|office|IsA|school supply
field|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
product|demonstration|HasProperty|used at meal time
china|montana|IsA|place where you can live
food|lightning|CapableOf|fly
clothing|backpack|UsedFor|to keep items
ocean|beach|HasProperty|man-made
classroom|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
jar|store|IsA|piece of furniture
room|auditorium|IsA|building
throne|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
tree|bed|IsA|place or location
dust|ground|UsedFor|storage
cage|windowsill|PartOf|physical structure
ficus|arboretum|UsedFor|storing food
satisfaction|teaching|IsA|negative emotion
fun|talk|IsA|action
tent|opera|IsA|house where man live
soup|glass|UsedFor|eating or drinking
dishes|floor|CapableOf|be used for school
library|thinking|HasA|screen
corner|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
trunk|shelf|HasProperty|removable
fly|dictionary|HasProperty|found above ground
vaccines|death|CapableOf|hurt
candle|ceiling|IsA|car
sink|jar|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
desktop|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
bedroom|basement|IsA|room (type)
condiments|kitchen|CapableOf|store things
drawer|floor|CapableOf|store
bedroom|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
plate|coffee|CapableOf|be held in your hands
corner|roof|IsA|place to store items
school|museum|UsedFor|education
backyard|bedroom|IsA|part of a property
florida|store|CapableOf|keeping cash
town|park|HasA|properties of any kind
learning|headache|IsA|emotion
apartment|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
classroom|nails|UsedFor|carrying things
countryside|yard|IsA|place people work and live
factory|michigan|CapableOf|work
desk|box|UsedFor|storage
opera|synagogue|HasProperty|part of a human
agreement|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
embarrassment|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
cabinet|table|IsA|place to store items
cabinet|desktop|IsA|building
town|montana|HasProperty|part of a human
telephone|television|IsA|n electronic device
toilet|stadium|IsA|place you could sleep in
car|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
australia|cage|UsedFor|cooking
basement|loft|IsA|structure or building
apartment|town|UsedFor| gathering together
meeting|information|IsA|part media
sink|toilet|UsedFor|in a bathroom
mansion|conference|HasProperty|alive
roof|floor|IsA|home appliance
imagination|church|IsA|mental place
cupboard|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
disneyland|seattle|IsA|brand
encyclopedia|book|HasA|screen
case|stamps|IsA|something found in a household
teapot|ground|AtLocation|in the united states
cupboard|outside|IsA|room
encyclopedia|books|UsedFor|viewing/reading
warehouse|garage|CapableOf|be made with bricks
town|suburb|HasA|buildings in it
hallway|bedroom|HasA|usually have people inside
color|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
office|computer|AtLocation|inside someone's home
connection|house|IsA|public place
trash|cupboard|CapableOf|be used with a computer
window|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
conference|opera|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
restaurant|michigan|UsedFor|ordering a burger
boat|city|HasA|water
drawer|microwave|IsA|form of entertainment
synagogue|conference|UsedFor|buying food
cellar|fun|IsA|place to pray
tears|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
aquarium|pond|HasA|3 letters
city|montana|IsA|country
suburbs|china|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
inspiration|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
office|desktop|IsA|n electronic device
closet|television|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
office|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
drinking|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
meeting|internet|CapableOf|have people physically in it
sweat|accomplishment|HasProperty|about  clashes
michigan|nebraska|IsA|part of a municipality
snore|garage|AtLocation|in home
canada|country|AtLocation|on map
swimming|desert|HasProperty|man made
college|university|IsA|object that can be held
machine|museum|UsedFor|fun
city|control|IsA|object/thing
computer|table|IsA|building
container|kitchen|IsA|piece of furniture
anxiety|food|CapableOf|cause pain
dictionary|encyclopedia|IsA|place
beach|building|IsA|country
porch|bathroom|UsedFor|work
pot|porch|IsA|furniture
garden|windowsill|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
apartment|bedroom|HasProperty|able to be entered
school|ocean|IsA|building
tent|skin|HasProperty|an event
wedding|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
canada|outside|AtLocation|at a party
floor|furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
table|shelf|MadeOf|paper
plate|market|IsA|type of room in houses
dictionary|france|IsA|activity 
depression|embarrassment|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
oven|condiments|CapableOf|store things
garbage|dust|UsedFor|storage
canada|himalayas|MadeOf|rocks
box|hotel|IsA|event
apartment|kitchen|AtLocation|with water
war|class|IsA|action
crowd|lights|UsedFor|music
gate|house|IsA|business
cabinet|plate|MadeOf|wood
rosebush|indiana|UsedFor|work
school|hospital|IsA|place
automobile|house|CapableOf|be lived in
pocket|table|IsA|necessity for education
chair|encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
body|opera|IsA|place
plate|lasagna|IsA|place
effort|movement|HasProperty|usually fast
desk|drawer|UsedFor|eating
notebook|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
building|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
corner|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
ground|dust|AtLocation|on the floor
smiles|fun|IsA|physical emotion
clock|table|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
continent|fish|HasA|water
drawer|table|AtLocation|home
love|freeway|IsA|business
garage|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
meeting|university|AtLocation|in a building
wallet|action|IsA|place you can visit
controversy|problems|IsA|negative thing
sink|water|MadeOf|organic material
basement|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
refrigerator|manual|IsA|product that people buy
condiments|cup|AtLocation|in a house
cupboard|refrigerator|CapableOf|be opened/closed
church|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
kitchen|loft|PartOf|vehicle
outdoors|park|HasA|properties of any kind
cabinet|desk|UsedFor|eating
plate|container|UsedFor|serving dinner
garage|bedroom|IsA|room in a building
house|auditorium|HasA|usually have people inside
office|imagination|IsA|religious card
shelf|store|MadeOf|food
church|airport|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
desk|table|IsA|furniture
library|college|UsedFor|washing
information|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
container|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
television|clouds|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
church|home|CapableOf|have people  inside
carrots|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
exercising|stretch|HasProperty|usually fast
street|forest|MadeOf|sand
florida|change|CapableOf|keeping cash
death|person|IsA|type of fluid
bathtub|boat|UsedFor|reading
sewer|sugar|IsA|room in a building
garage|ficus|IsA|looks like house
film|wallet|IsA|dish
shelf|cupboard|AtLocation|inside an office
car|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
store|field|CapableOf| be moved
water|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
cave|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
speaker|lamp|IsA|physical and movable item
yard|town|HasA|properties of any kind
wall|corner|MadeOf|wood
government|country|AtLocation|on map
building|lights|UsedFor|travel
drawer|newspaper|IsA|physical item 
pocket|classroom|UsedFor|writing
apartment|tent|IsA|commercial browser
kitchen|apartment|IsA|room
stream|dictionary|IsA|place
floor|glass|CapableOf|be used for school
mouse|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
thinking|understanding|IsA|physical state
outside|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
marmoset|mountains|AtLocation|below
trunk|bag|IsA|structure or building
restaurant|desk|IsA|dish
school|house|PartOf|the human body
lightning|action|IsA|emotion
convention|tent|IsA|place
utensils|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
street|sunshine|HasProperty|hot
street|desert|IsA|place
weather|desert|HasProperty|very cold
books|newspaper|AtLocation|in a store
chair|god|IsA|place of religion
pot|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
cellar|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
contemplating|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
australia|forest|IsA|place
map|notebook|IsA|building
university|classroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
can|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
television|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
television|party|IsA|ground where child play
communication|sadness|IsA|happy card
jar|pocket|UsedFor|carrying things
woods|yard|HasProperty|somewhere to go
house|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
school|house|CapableOf|fly
microwave|cabinet|IsA|form of entertainment
shelf|trunk|MadeOf|food
television|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
college|school|UsedFor|housing
barnyard|ranch|IsA|animal
canada|switzerland|MadeOf|rocks
jar|soup|IsA|location
bed|clothing|UsedFor|reading 
gate|connection|HasA|airplanes
pot|refrigerator|IsA|place to make food
people|town|HasProperty|part of a human
house|dinner|IsA|product that people buy
beach|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
glass|backpack|IsA|object
nails|backpack|IsA|location
roof|windowsill|IsA|building
rug|car|AtLocation|on the map
closet|bag|UsedFor|storing physical things
ocean|water|HasProperty|a building
bathroom|mountains|HasProperty|somewhere to go
desktop|lamp|IsA|study room
glass|medium|IsA|physical item 
glass|food|AtLocation|in  a residence
attic|toronto|IsA|animal
dictionary|encyclopedia|UsedFor|viewing/reading
bowl|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
building|passageway|HasA|airplanes
supermarket|restaurant|IsA|type of business
sunshine|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
party|lamp|IsA|study room
meeting|telegram|HasProperty|a solid item 
bedroom|house|IsA|place to sleep
glasses|cabinet|IsA|alive
church|money|CapableOf|keeping cash
book|television|IsA|thing you can touch
sleep|cat|IsA|store items
garden|sky|IsA|animal
jar|box|CapableOf|be eaten
opera|conference|HasA|ticket box usually
park|desert|IsA|animal
computer|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
cabinet|refrigerator|UsedFor|storage
park|boredom|MadeOf|pause
pocket|office|IsA|school supply
cabinet|outside|IsA|room
wilderness|valley|IsA|1 syllable word
museum|bedroom|IsA|room
florida|key|CapableOf|keeping cash
funeral|theater|MadeOf|wood
computer|lamp|UsedFor|worship
concert|classroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
bar|hospital|IsA|business that serves food
floor|chair|AtLocation|in home
dust|windowsill|AtLocation|in the sky
sky|box|PartOf|physical structure
book|cabinet|IsA|building
classroom|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be used virtually 
bedroom|nature|IsA|animal
trauma|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
soup|market|CapableOf|be sweet
party|manual|UsedFor|driving
entertaining|learning|IsA|associated to a positive experience
california|louisiana|IsA|state in uk
home|nature|IsA|part of a house
communication|suffering|IsA|emotion
restaurant|apartment|CapableOf|be opened/closed
contemplating|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
desktop|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
squirrel|tree|HasProperty|man made
inspiration|money|HasProperty|typically positive
woods|ground|IsA|living/once living
drugs|human|MadeOf|chemicals
demonstration|animals|HasA|exterior walls
airplane|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
television|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
store|utensils|IsA|made of wood
park|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
wall|cave|IsA|business
refrigerator|garage|IsA|place to store items
color|thinking|IsA|place to study
apartment|buildings|HasA|roof
tile|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
trauma|money|IsA|emotion
lemur|cage|UsedFor|food
television|funeral|IsA|place
cup|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
door|garage|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
yard|park|CapableOf|be part of a house
sleep|problems|IsA|emotion
valley|town|AtLocation|inside a house
closet|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
love|maze|IsA|business
rock|train|HasProperty|in a cold climate
outside|yard|IsA|living/once living
snore|attic|IsA|store items
animals|death|HasA|exterior walls
box|desk|IsA|1 syllable word
refrigerator|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
desktop|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
hospital|house|IsA|building
bedroom|shelf|IsA|place to store items
home|california|IsA|type of tree
music|germany|PartOf|building
heaven|australia|MadeOf|paper
cleanliness|park|PartOf|city
supermarket|basement|CapableOf|be moved around
dust|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
happiness|communication|IsA|verb
backyard|room|IsA|part of a house
river|fish|HasA|earth
pot|can|HasA|plug or power source
food|bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
computer|hallway|IsA|country or state
bowl|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
funeral|office|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
entertainment|wedding|IsA|tourist destination
work|village|AtLocation|in your company
ocean|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
backpack|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
doctor|magazines|IsA|room or building
market|field|IsA|sweet or savory
park|building|IsA|place to grow plants
satisfaction|pride|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
sink|shelf|MadeOf|wood
dinner|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
chair|porch|AtLocation|in a house
convention|wedding|IsA|part of a human
countryside|sky|HasProperty|man made
opera|tent|IsA|place you buy food
performing|thinking|IsA|colorful
mouse|disneyland|IsA|building
case|plate|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
information|knowledge|IsA|part media
chair|books|CapableOf|be held with one hand
drawer|nature|IsA|place
pantry|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
cupboard|closet|IsA|1 syllable word
cave|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
museum|machine|UsedFor|fun
information|internet|CapableOf|be held in your hand
store|building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
building|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
ocean|city|AtLocation|in your company
park|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
dictionary|pocket|IsA|necessity for education
mind|germany|PartOf|building
classroom|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
connection|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
lightning|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
disneyland|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
food|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
airport|demonstration|HasProperty|able to be entered
minnesota|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
school|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
university|newspaper|HasA|screen
reflection|discovery|CapableOf|fly
confusion|mind|IsA|action
hotel|hospital|IsA|place where people die typically
water|chicken|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
synagogue|church|IsA|mental place
program|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
classroom|kitchen|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
dishes|shelf|IsA|furniture 
theater|office|UsedFor|reading
desktop|oven|MadeOf|metal
favors|communication|IsA|physical emotion
closet|car|IsA|place to pray
building|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
cabinet|pantry|AtLocation|in a kitchen
classroom|wedding|IsA|location
bubblegum|action|CapableOf|hold objects
crying|laughter|IsA|sad emotion
room|cat|IsA|part of a house
class|mind|IsA|action
suburbs|suburb|HasProperty|a location
yard|work|IsA|country or state
oven|sink|MadeOf|metal
rain|room|UsedFor|work
switzerland|austria|MadeOf|rocks
listening|laughter|IsA|activity
university|meeting|IsA|place for students
garden|electricity|UsedFor|worship
marmoset|wilderness|HasProperty|cold
park|street|IsA|place
notebook|paper|UsedFor|writing in
countryside|yard|UsedFor|swimming
satisfaction|pride|IsA|feeling
antarctica|wall|UsedFor|storage
kitchen|bar|UsedFor|urination
money|shock|IsA|positive thing
arguments|allergies|MadeOf|pause
marmoset|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
library|book|UsedFor|reading
detroit|park|IsA|place people go for fun
television|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
newspaper|library|MadeOf|meet
homes|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
park|canada|UsedFor|work
theater|library|HasProperty|found in a house
windowsill|television|HasProperty|used for storage
film|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
sewer|house|IsA|room
plate|refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
library|classroom|UsedFor|religious services
backpack|apartment|IsA|furniture 
case|utensils|UsedFor|storage
box|bicycle|PartOf|house
shelf|books|IsA|necessity for education
garbage|junk|IsA|place
pocket|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
buildings|town|IsA|location
plate|stamps|IsA|1 syllable word
outside|corner|IsA|place to store items
montana|apartment|IsA|place you buy food
sky|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
carnival|plane|UsedFor|flying
region|ocean|PartOf|the continent 
shoes|bed|UsedFor|indoor activities
classroom|car|HasProperty|alive
forest|beach|PartOf|natural landscape
playground|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
apartment|restaurant|IsA|furniture
company|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
heaven|human|CapableOf|be lived in
magazine|table|UsedFor|cooling
peanuts|front|IsA|reply to a question
house|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
microwave|wallet|IsA|something found in a household
dinner|meeting|IsA|part media
bedroom|basement|HasA|a bath
book|books|AtLocation|on a shelf
bathroom|supermarket|CapableOf| be moved
change|florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
entertaining|fun|IsA|emotion
supermarket|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
concert|bedroom|IsA|object that can be held
river|garden|IsA|big space
carnival|skate|PartOf|building
building|theater|IsA|room in a house
movies|families|IsA|public building
classroom|container|UsedFor|writing
street|ground|IsA|natural or man made
library|newspaper|HasA|screen
microwave|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
kitchen|refrigerators|MadeOf|metal
cabinet|cupboard|IsA|place to make food
hospital|office|IsA|study room
room|closet|CapableOf|be used for storage
sorrow|shock|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
corner|desktop|MadeOf|wood
jail|party|PartOf|food and drink
stove|pantry|HasA|empty space in it
joy|pride|IsA|feeling
bathroom|food|CapableOf|cook
bubblegum|money|CapableOf|hold objects
office|classroom|UsedFor|holding art collections
sky|basement|HasProperty|white
food|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
supermarket|theater|IsA|part of a human
cupboard|garage|UsedFor|cooking
car|company|HasA|use electricity
desktop|bedroom|AtLocation|inside someone's home
death|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
porch|cupboard|IsA|place to make food
trunk|bedroom|CapableOf|move people
problems|shock|HasProperty|typically positive
theater|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
disneyland|sewer|HasProperty|found below ground level
store|nest|PartOf|house
knowledge|depression|IsA|negative feeling
injury|thinking|CapableOf|fly
dancing|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
forest|woods|IsA|natural thing
crying|pain|IsA|sad emotion
waterfall|sea|HasA|earth
library|shop|CapableOf|store
dishwasher|box|UsedFor|indoor activities
utah|maine|PartOf|the south
happiness|tears|IsA|physical emotion
radio|corner|IsA|place in a house
desktop|map|CapableOf|be worn
loft|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
mind|class|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
desktop|shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
porch|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
wings|airplane|UsedFor|travel
entertaining|communication|IsA|physical emotion
head|dinner|IsA|part media
cabinet|desktop|AtLocation|indoors
bicycle|car|IsA|place
bathroom|shelf|MadeOf|metal
home|airport|IsA|type /part of building
groceries|jar|AtLocation|in a kitchen
woods|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
bottle|pot|HasA|plug or power source
car|trunk|UsedFor|storage
nostalgia|pain|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
pantry|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
theater|apartment|HasProperty|part of a human
happiness|love|IsA|verb
nightmares|desires|AtLocation|usually in a bed
park|greenhouse|PartOf|glass
container|stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
boat|classroom|MadeOf|wood
discovery|thinking|IsA|emotion
rain|weather|IsA|geographic location
ground|dust|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
field|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
person|elevator|CapableOf|be performed
playground|countryside|IsA|country
exhaustion|joy|MadeOf|golden
microwave|drawer|IsA|form of entertainment
beaver|countryside|CapableOf|be read
meeting|dinner|IsA|place to study
opera|conference|IsA|commercial browser
corner|dust|AtLocation|in your home
library|books|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
bathroom|cinema|IsA|location
shop|doctor|UsedFor|cooling
stuff|stamps|CapableOf|be held in your hands
opera|computer|MadeOf|wood
cage|roof|PartOf|physical structure
house|ground|HasA|green plant
utensils|clothing|HasProperty|an object
bed|home|PartOf|house 
rock|ground|AtLocation|outside
supermarket|home|CapableOf|be moved around
meeting|newspaper|HasA|letter e in it
cabinet|locker|UsedFor|reading
museum|office|UsedFor|reading
bedroom|concert|CapableOf|have people  inside
desert|yard|IsA|animal
toilet|house|IsA|man made
class|university|IsA|part media
barn|garage|IsA|sound
oven|field|HasProperty|edible
cleanliness|exhaustion|MadeOf|pause
garage|trunk|UsedFor|car travel
shed|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
table|drawer|IsA|made of wood
garage|attic|HasProperty|a household item
cabinet|microwave|UsedFor|storage
heaven|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
fun|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
building|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
porch|magazines|CapableOf|store
suburb|montana|HasA|buildings in it
newspaper|house|UsedFor|transportation
beach|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
canada|ontario|IsA|american state
store|cave|UsedFor|reading books
opera|mind|IsA|action
house|bathroom|CapableOf|be moved around
city|town|MadeOf|sand
hotel|building|IsA|place where people die typically
hallway|air|IsA|car
bathroom|car|HasProperty|alive
mess|kitchen|IsA|building
garden|meeting|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
fun|stupid|IsA|emotion
trauma|pleasure|IsA|emotion
crowd|funeral|IsA|place
prison|seaside|IsA|proper noun
ocean|country|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
dog|cat|HasA|animal
trouble|country|IsA|book
palace|gymnasium|HasA|roof
clothes|clothing|UsedFor|to keep items
doctor|university|UsedFor|recreation activity
notebook|book|HasA|walls
instruction|problems|IsA|negative feeling
garden|beach|IsA|nature-related
war|person|HasA|exterior walls
yard|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
junk|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
house|mess|HasProperty|a type of building
countryside|forest|MadeOf|trees
library|class|HasProperty|a meal
contemplating|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
exercise|stretch|HasProperty|usually fast
safe|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
jail|home|UsedFor|cooling
happiness|fun|IsA|activity
trash|plate|CapableOf|be held in your hands
doorway|human|CapableOf|be lived in
universe|suburbs|IsA|place
theater|conference|IsA|commercial browser
cupboard|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
fear|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
kitchen|sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
meeting|notes|CapableOf|move
dancing|like|IsA|verb
ocean|bay|HasA|water
ceiling|classroom|IsA|specific part of a structure
cabinet|michigan|UsedFor|eating
classroom|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
desktop|book|IsA|building
manual|desk|UsedFor|viewing/reading
playground|forest|IsA|nation
airport|freeway|IsA|public place
bay|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
fly|glass|UsedFor|transportation
closet|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
carnival|synagogue|HasA|ticket box usually
clouds|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
restaurant|school|CapableOf|fly
school|motel|HasA|usually have people inside
desktop|hospital|IsA|study room
airport|jail|CapableOf|provide a service
america|countryside|IsA|place
apartment|bathroom|IsA|room in a property
beach|ocean|UsedFor|serving food
sunshine|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
garbage|chair|HasProperty|a household item
cabinet|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|kitchen|HasProperty|a public place
trash|refrigerator|CapableOf|be used with a computer
boat|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
valley|sea|IsA|somewhere animals swim
classroom|garden|IsA|object
restaurant|food|IsA|event
pantry|garage|CapableOf|be found in a house
house|school|PartOf|the human body
classroom|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
roof|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
clouds|refrigerator|IsA|product that people buy
smiles|like|IsA|verb
desk|desktop|IsA|building
office|computer|AtLocation|in your company
apartment|restaurant|IsA|something found in a household
apartment|people|IsA|place you buy food
happiness|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
store|cellar|IsA|structure or building
paper|container|UsedFor|writing
cabinet|bowl|CapableOf|be used with a computer
bowl|supermarket|IsA|food
funeral|jar|IsA|part of the body
river|synagogue|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
park|lamp|IsA|n electronic device
birds|lightning|HasA|physical appearance
sky|outdoors|IsA|natural thing
sweetness|suffering|HasA|punish
universe|sun|MadeOf|energy
dancing|learning|IsA|associated to a positive experience
building|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
town|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
snow|trees|HasA|car
contemplating|discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
chair|montana|UsedFor|praying
table|food|UsedFor|storage
encyclopedia|color|IsA|part media
ocean|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
classroom|office|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
antarctica|roof|UsedFor|storage
field|library|IsA|place for students
roof|desert|IsA|animal
cabinet|cellar|HasProperty|found below ground level
cabinet|drawer|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
factory|battle|IsA|job
fun|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
disneyland|apartment|IsA|place or location
internet|library|CapableOf|be held in your hand
auditorium|office|IsA|n item of furniture
city|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
meeting|information|PartOf|publication
australia|hole|UsedFor|food
store|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
cellar|bedroom|IsA|room (type)
city|suburb|MadeOf|sand
forest|suburbs|IsA|place
forest|park|IsA|nature-related
fatigue|anxiety|IsA|emotion
argument|enemies|IsA|positive card
silverware|desktop|UsedFor|washing or cooking
glass|water|CapableOf|be used as transport 
basement|closet|IsA|place to pray
wedding|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
cabinet|desktop|CapableOf|be used for travel
museum|roof|IsA|room
swamp|underground|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
doctor|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
bicycle|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
arguments|cleanliness|PartOf|city
anxiety|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
california|fox|IsA|us state
library|home|IsA|physical item 
street|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
wilderness|snow|IsA|place
families|supermarket|IsA|event
like|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
montana|tent|UsedFor|buying food
computer|concert|UsedFor|work
lamp|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
seaside|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
hospital|cave|HasA|airplanes
work|shelf|MadeOf|paper
trash|box|UsedFor|eating
nest|windowsill|IsA|living thing
classroom|cabinet|IsA|building
cottage|mountains|IsA|place you can live
books|television|AtLocation|on a shelf
internet|library|MadeOf|people gathering together
mouse|trash|CapableOf|be used with a computer
suburb|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
problems|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
dancing|learning|MadeOf|the human body
locker|map|IsA|building
dishwasher|garage|CapableOf|storing food
bowl|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
classroom|library|HasProperty|found in a house
fly|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
pride|pleasure|IsA|happy card
shelf|cupboard|HasProperty|furniture
fear|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
jar|refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
restaurant|church|IsA|place people can meet
wedding|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
basement|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
church|people|HasProperty|part of a human
candle|lamp|UsedFor|work
opera|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
reflection|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
roof|building|CapableOf|move location
furniture|building|IsA|ceremony
freeway|building|HasA|airplanes
desk|office|IsA|ground where child play
jar|condiments|UsedFor|keeping things cool
hallway|garage|IsA|room in a property
container|table|AtLocation|in a house
opera|town|IsA|place you buy food
teaching|working|IsA|negative feeling or expression
heaven|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
desert|excavation|IsA|location
building|store|IsA|place to live
office|building|UsedFor|reading books
disneyland|park|HasProperty|hot
cup|condiments|AtLocation|in a house
jail|clothing|CapableOf|store
hallway|kitchen|AtLocation|in a building
library|manual|UsedFor|viewing/reading
restaurant|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
conference|opera|HasProperty|a gathering place
party|jail|IsA|product that people buy
beach|backyard|IsA|country
anthology|shelf|IsA|place or location
purse|bubblegum|IsA|thing you have on person
mansion|classroom|IsA|location
house|outside|IsA|room in a building
museum|apartment|UsedFor|car repair
countryside|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
space|closet|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
stamps|film|IsA|dish
church|room|AtLocation|within a building's structure
airport|table|UsedFor|cooling
trees|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
pantry|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
depression|knowledge|IsA|emotion
floor|shelf|UsedFor|to keep items
bar|love|IsA|country
france|texas|IsA|place
restaurant|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
dinner|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
dream|remembering|IsA|emotion
park|house|CapableOf|laugh
loft|attic|CapableOf|part  of a household
bathtub|fingernails|HasA|wheels
closet|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
animals|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
war|class|PartOf|building
skin|montana|IsA|house where man live
jar|vacuum|AtLocation|public area
desk|encyclopedia|CapableOf|contain multiple people
carrots|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
yard|outdoors|IsA|country
kitchen|stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
countryside|school|IsA|place
newspaper|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
floor|glass|HasProperty|furniture
beer|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
apartment|bedroom|HasProperty|a public place
oklahoma|louisiana|AtLocation|at south united states
tears|happiness|UsedFor|punish
neighborhood|desert|IsA|state
contemplating|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
landfill|outside|HasA|opening or door
notes|library|HasProperty|material
encyclopedia|thinking|HasA|screen
trees|forest|HasA|walls
minnesota|nebraska|IsA|building
theater|office|IsA|room in a house
kitchen|restaurant|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
disneyland|cupboard|IsA|building
air|manual|IsA|product that people buy
alcohol|refrigerator|IsA|product that people buy
house|apartment|IsA|type of building
cabinet|stamps|MadeOf|wood
park|backyard|IsA|place to grow plants
container|nails|UsedFor|writing
cut|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
store|closet|HasProperty|an object
synagogue|apartment|UsedFor|learning
dust|closet|CapableOf|make sounds
bowl|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
mind|germany|IsA|action
closet|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
fun|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
trunk|jar|HasA|door
drawer|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
can|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
music|electricity|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
desk|lamp|AtLocation|inside someone's home
reflection|fear|CapableOf|fly
pleasure|depression|IsA|negative feeling
excitement|love|UsedFor|hobbies
pond|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
bed|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
window|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
beach|sky|IsA|living thing
college|home|IsA|object that can be held
encyclopedia|information|IsA|part media
movies|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
attic|bed|HasProperty|a household item
park|garden|IsA|animal
apartment|cabinet|HasProperty|furniture
bedroom|desktop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
pot|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
cabinet|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
meeting|library|HasProperty|material
warehouse|storage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
hotel|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
hotel|store|CapableOf|have a street address
clothing|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
park|workplace|IsA|country
ground|house|HasA|green plant
park|garden|HasA|walls
bread|alcohol|PartOf|food and drink
apartment|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
restaurant|hospital|IsA|business that serves food
air|manual|PartOf|food and drink
cellar|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
neighborhood|subdivision|IsA|place where you can live
hallway|kitchen|UsedFor|urination
food|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
bathtub|street|MadeOf|organic brown matter
church|restaurant|UsedFor|ordering a burger
performing|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
garage|bar|IsA|room
home|temple|CapableOf|move location
desk|chairs|UsedFor|furnishing a house
aggression|sweat|IsA|positive card
market|office|HasProperty|able to be entered
pot|dishwasher|IsA|place to make food
condiments|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
doctor|drugs|UsedFor|to get a degree
telephone|desktop|IsA|building
toilet|college|HasA|pool
change|church|UsedFor|living
cupboard|groceries|HasA|door
ground|roof|HasProperty|found in a home
forest|outdoors|CapableOf|be man made
mexico|park|HasA|properties of any kind
potatoes|carrots|IsA|food
forest|trees|CapableOf|be man made
school|factory|IsA|type of building
mouth|families|IsA|event
dictionary|sloth|IsA|animal or book
stamps|microwave|IsA|something you eat off
office|bar|IsA|list of alphabets
freeway|india|IsA|place
sun|desert|IsA|place
magazine|table|IsA|room or building
blanket|bedroom|AtLocation|inside a house
tile|closet|AtLocation|with water
telephone|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
cage|box|IsA|living thing
room|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
stomach|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
car|shelf|IsA|1 syllable word
basement|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
person|garage|CapableOf|be attended
pantry|refrigerator|CapableOf|store things
city|house|IsA|state
house|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
pain|nightmares|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
cabinet|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
plane|concert|UsedFor|travel
money|instruction|IsA|emotion
car|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
cooking|maine|MadeOf|fiber
table|box|AtLocation|inside a house
antarctica|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
cellar|basement|PartOf|house
chair|floor|IsA|store items
trash|bag|IsA|room in a home
opera|cinema|UsedFor| gathering together
bridge|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
bathroom|buildings|IsA|location
air|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
fox|mountains|HasA|start with a
home|den|CapableOf|be moved around
greenhouse|roof|PartOf|glass
table|floor|UsedFor|reading 
pond|sea|HasA|earth
cellar|garage|CapableOf|be used for storage
people|earth|HasProperty|part of a human
home|restaurant|IsA|tableware
program|restaurant|UsedFor|work
cabinet|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
shelf|wall|MadeOf|paper
pride|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
countryside|china|MadeOf|sand
park|windowsill|CapableOf|laugh
ground|garage|IsA|looks like house
contemplating|headache|UsedFor|driving
windowsill|sea|IsA|vacation destination
field|farmyard|IsA|location
bed|table|IsA|room or building
backpack|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
encyclopedia|head|IsA|physical tangible object
ceiling|air|IsA|car
problems|sorrow|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
shop|bed|CapableOf|store
table|library|UsedFor|housing
cellar|restaurant|CapableOf| be moved
england|michigan|AtLocation|on a map
lightning|pride|CapableOf|fly
chair|desk|IsA|necessity for education
families|box|IsA|event
apartment|room|IsA|private space
homes|library|HasProperty|visited by tourists
trees|ground|IsA|stone
supermarket|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
dishwasher|film|IsA|dish
thinking|performing|IsA|emotion
field|sweetness|IsA|noun
backpack|classroom|UsedFor|reading
backpack|drawer|HasProperty|an object
work|computer|IsA|country or state
music|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
like|entertaining|IsA|emotion
supermarket|basement|HasA|roof
imagination|montana|IsA|mental place
lightning|injury|IsA|negative emotion
oven|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
bedroom|apartment|UsedFor|urination
bank|heaven|AtLocation|in home
street|money|CapableOf|keeping cash
church|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
apartment|restaurant|CapableOf| be moved
stretch|effort|HasProperty|a physical activity
beaver|desert|IsA|country
backyard|rosebush|MadeOf|fiber
toilet|school|HasA|pool
subdivision|street|MadeOf|sand
sea|ocean|IsA|small body of water
mountains|tennessee|IsA|country
bank|russia|IsA|animal
park|town|IsA|place to grow plants
canada|town|IsA|place people work and live
love|celebrating|IsA|verb
cut|food|IsA|emotion
cupboard|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
mexico|band|MadeOf|by man
disneyland|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
park|california|MadeOf|fiber
shelf|stomach|HasA|edible items for sale
pond|backyard|IsA|place you visit often
house|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
music|opera|PartOf|building
hallway|bar|HasA|usually have people inside
anxiety|fatigue|IsA|emotion
kitchen|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
town|playground|UsedFor|driving on or over
clock|picture|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
cage|ocean|IsA|living thing
magazine|sloth|MadeOf|water
storage|building|UsedFor|storing stuffs
university|television|HasProperty|a meal
chair|imagination|IsA|mental place
clothing|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
reflection|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
classroom|hallway|HasA|usually have people inside
love|agreement|IsA|verb
cupboard|table|IsA|furniture
stadium|toilet|IsA|place of learning
homes|church|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
pot|peanuts|UsedFor|storage
heaven|airplane|PartOf|house 
desktop|bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
entertaining|fun|IsA|verb
newspaper|china|IsA|state
apartment|house|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
floor|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
town|nebraska|IsA|business that serves food
dinner|shelf|HasProperty|removable
earth|town|UsedFor|buying food
computer|house|IsA|room in a property
desert|summer|HasProperty|hot
electricity|garden|UsedFor|work
apartment|town|UsedFor|living inside of
house|school|HasA|fee to visit
library|homes|HasProperty|visited by tourists
roof|shelf|HasA|doors
wall|newspaper|HasA|use electricity
motel|hotel|UsedFor|milking cows
speaker|elevator|IsA|physical and movable item
shock|knowledge|IsA|negative thing
apartment|stadium|UsedFor|pooping
mexico|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
street|countryside|IsA|natural product or man made
human|doctor|MadeOf|by man
rain|seattle|IsA|popular attraction
newspaper|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
sun|army|IsA|concept or place
performing|lightning|IsA|emotion
yard|town|IsA|place people work and live
bed|office|AtLocation|with water
playground|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
newspaper|floor|IsA|room or building
desert|house|HasProperty|a location
school|passageway|IsA|item of clothing
canada|desert|IsA|american state
theater|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
garage|roof|IsA|place to store items
home|bedroom|HasProperty|able to be entered
communication|crying|IsA|sad emotion
passageway|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
closet|box|IsA|room in a home
backpack|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
restaurant|building|AtLocation|outside
room|store|HasA|ceiling
government|country|CapableOf|make you do something
club|game|UsedFor|learning
moon|rain|IsA|car
backpack|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
table|office|IsA|building
yard|work|AtLocation|on a map
smiles|like|IsA|physical emotion
car|inspiration|HasA|positive connotation
band|human|IsA|type of building
yard|bus|AtLocation|in your company
meeting|color|UsedFor|studying
town|london|UsedFor|milking cows
field|russia|IsA|place where money is kept
trouble|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
valley|forest|HasProperty|2 syllables
loft|bathtub|CapableOf|sleep on it
universe|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
purse|action|IsA|place you can visit
office|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
woods|television|IsA|type of building
class|safe|IsA|place to study
synagogue|museum|IsA|building
trash|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
cave|building|HasA|beds
dishwasher|restaurant|IsA|furniture
pocket|desk|UsedFor|viewing/reading
sky|room|IsA|car
trauma|problems|IsA|negative thing
enjoyment|learning|IsA|activity
reflection|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
supermarket|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
condiments|oven|HasProperty|used for meals
auditorium|church|IsA|building
conference|town|IsA|part of a human
people|earth|IsA|part of a human
box|bowl|IsA|location
cupboard|apartment|IsA|food
supermarket|candy|IsA|event
forest|town|IsA|nation
laughter|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
dinner|closet|IsA|made of wood
desktop|book|CapableOf|be worn
supermarket|garden|AtLocation|in a home
hallway|building|IsA|type of room
house|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
synagogue|paper|CapableOf|be worn
body|tent|HasProperty|an event
lemur|australia|UsedFor|food
church|opera|HasProperty|an event
yard|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
trees|rock|IsA|stone
music|silence|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
waterfall|aquarium|IsA|place that humans can swim
hairbrush|war|PartOf|the human body
garage|kitchen|IsA|room
manual|newspaper|HasProperty|a publication
lightning|action|CapableOf|tell stories
smiles|happiness|HasProperty|a positive emotion
convention|conference|IsA|place
michigan|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
floor|shelf|HasProperty|an object
map|museum|CapableOf|be worn
cabinet|dishwasher|HasProperty|furniture
louisiana|alabama|IsA|us state
bed|homes|PartOf|house 
sunbathers|sunshine|IsA|person
desk|restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
office|hospital|IsA|place to live
classroom|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
drawer|sleep|IsA|place
bridge|wilderness|CapableOf|be walked on
church|office|IsA|object that can be held
flat|shoes|HasProperty|a workplace
kentucky|ontario|PartOf|political geographical area
coffee|plate|CapableOf|be held in your hands
summer|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
garden|attic|MadeOf|water
desktop|pocket|UsedFor|storage
snore|chair|PartOf|house
fly|street|IsA|physical item 
people|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
bread|air|CapableOf|be entered
closet|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
cat|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
sink|oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
palace|garage|PartOf|the human body
restaurant|school|HasProperty|a building structure
home|shop|IsA|1 syllable  word
reflection|happiness|IsA|colorful
peanuts|container|UsedFor|drinking 
supermarket|funeral|IsA|part of the body
garage|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
movie|restaurant|IsA|dish
museum|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
train|village|HasA|outdoor scenery
oven|refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
sleep|remembering|IsA|emotion
store|container|IsA|piece of furniture
museum|desktop|UsedFor|reading
coats|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
table|oven|AtLocation|in a house
forest|windowsill|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
library|boat|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
book|work|AtLocation|library
cupboard|container|UsedFor|storage
library|university|IsA|part media
safe|library|IsA|part media
people|desk|PartOf|an office
shelf|dust|IsA|made of wood
commercial|moon|IsA|animal or book
country|region|MadeOf|water
city|town|AtLocation|on a map
people|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
monastery|chair|UsedFor|praying
chocolate|box|IsA|event
computer|television|IsA|type of building
food|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
desert|roadway|HasProperty|a location
classroom|school|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
lake|creek|IsA|natural thing
pond|park|CapableOf|be part of a house
music|concert|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
kennel|dog|IsA|outdoor area
nature|television|HasProperty|an animal
desktop|summer|IsA|place
corner|dust|CapableOf|make sounds
plate|cup|UsedFor|serving dinner
families|movies|IsA|part of the body
house|sink|IsA|man made
kitchen|backpack|IsA|furniture 
australia|hole|IsA|place where money is kept
sailboat|tile|HasProperty|a type of building
buildings|town|UsedFor| gathering together
field|newspaper|HasA|screen
plate|oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
jar|television|IsA|object
greenhouse|house|IsA|building
table|desk|HasA|legs
paper|library|CapableOf|be worn
electricity|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
discovery|thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
television|lamp|CapableOf|plug into the wall
airport|ceiling|AtLocation|above the ground
confession|montana|IsA|mental place
desert|forest|IsA|natural thing
bar|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
bread|refrigerator|IsA|public place
house|nature|IsA|car
school|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
apartment|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
forest|weather|HasProperty|very cold
suburb|town|HasA|buildings in it
internet|meeting|AtLocation|in a store
maze|airport|IsA|public place
supermarket|store|IsA|place you can visit
discovery|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
pride|reflection|IsA|emotion
party|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
classroom|school|UsedFor|packing things inside
house|bridge|HasA|pipe system attached
lightning|thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
jar|table|AtLocation|in a house
sleep|garage|HasProperty|an animal
contemplating|birds|IsA|colorful
hunger|dream|IsA|negative feeling
sewer|cellar|IsA|room
reflection|performing|IsA|negative emotion
desk|library|UsedFor|viewing/reading
park|candy|IsA|part of the body
coffee|trash|CapableOf|be held in your hands
desktop|desert|IsA|vacation destination
porch|beach|AtLocation|as part of a house
buildings|apartment|UsedFor| gathering together
container|conference|IsA|school supply
shock|money|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
park|box|IsA|part of the body
discovery|contemplating|IsA|physical state
cupboard|trash|CapableOf|be used with a computer
maine|utah|IsA|us state
demonstration|conference|MadeOf|a natural material
nightmares|crying|IsA|negative thing
orbit|space|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
furniture|apartment|UsedFor|reading
china|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
wall|kitchen|AtLocation|indoors
mountain|asia|IsA|location
cupboard|shelf|HasProperty|made of wood
restaurant|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
pocket|money|HasA|function
pantry|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
office|circus|IsA|place of religion
library|inside|IsA|object
wall|airport|IsA|item of furniture
house|apartment|HasProperty|a building to live in
cage|nest|PartOf|physical structure
closet|corner|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
shoe|backpack|AtLocation|inside a house
room|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
building|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
dentist|drawer|IsA|room or building
air|house|IsA|product that people buy
attic|cellar|CapableOf|part  of a household
garage|synagogue|IsA|sound
stairs|apartment|CapableOf|sleep on it
television|candy|IsA|part of the body
refrigerator|garage|IsA|place where people live
windowsill|roof|HasA|green plant
demonstration|ground|IsA|type of shop
school|party|HasA|usually have people inside
laughter|enjoyment|IsA|something considered as positive
anxiety|injury|CapableOf|cause pain
classroom|house|CapableOf|move location
connection|love|HasA|use electricity
greenhouse|plants|PartOf|glass
leaves|rock|PartOf|nature
chair|desk|AtLocation|above the ground
wallet|table|IsA|something found in a household
bedroom|party|IsA|n electronic device
newspaper|color|HasProperty|a meal
ceiling|picture|MadeOf|paper
river|ocean|HasA|water
desk|light|AtLocation|as part of a house
color|class|PartOf|human mind
china|suburb|IsA|place where you can live
sleep|chair|PartOf|house
beach|desk|AtLocation|as part of a house
house|church|MadeOf|glass
shock|embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
film|microwave|IsA|dish
windowsill|greenhouse|MadeOf|glass
food|condiments|IsA|  place
arctic|seattle|MadeOf|sand
hole|wilderness|IsA|country
supermarket|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
room|alcohol|IsA|product that people buy
instruction|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
air|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
wedding|skin|IsA|place
cabinet|cupboard|CapableOf|be moved around
trees|countryside|CapableOf|be man made
entertaining|listening|IsA|something considered as positive
information|meeting|IsA|place for students
sleep|trouble|PartOf|house
suburb|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
building|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
loft|bedroom|IsA|specific part of a structure
refrigerator|bar|UsedFor|eating or drinking
shelf|antarctica|IsA|place to store items
company|hotel|IsA|business
outside|valley|HasProperty|made by humans
india|countryside|IsA|place
windowsill|store|IsA|place where you can stand
concert|battle|UsedFor|to get a degree
garage|medium|UsedFor|transportation
plants|outside|MadeOf|natural materials
remembering|controversy|IsA|emotion
drawer|chair|IsA|store items
bowl|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
floor|wood|HasProperty|furniture in a house
outside|switzerland|MadeOf|plastic
school|building|UsedFor|reading books
internet|opera|HasProperty|alive
country|wilderness|HasA|water
carnival|pot|UsedFor|storage
homes|museum|IsA|type of building
book|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
town|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
field|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
yard|countryside|IsA|state
park|jar|IsA|event
floor|drawer|UsedFor|reading 
bedroom|home|IsA|place to sleep
school|inside|CapableOf|move
office|building|IsA|ceremony
classroom|pocket|IsA|necessity for education
playground|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
subdivision|driveway|MadeOf|sand
happiness|love|IsA|n emotion
microwave|cabinet|IsA|something you eat off
cage|heaven|UsedFor|food
kitchen|bedroom|UsedFor|sleeping
connection|love|IsA|public place
purse|pocket|HasA|function
excitement|like|IsA|physical emotion
junk|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
house|sugar|IsA|room in a building
excitement|satisfaction|HasA|ltr p
potatoes|grape|IsA|food
excitement|fun|IsA|mental state
oven|silverware|HasA|edible items for sale
floor|desk|IsA|type of room
classroom|television|AtLocation|in a building
driveway|yard|HasA|buildings in it
bowl|soup|AtLocation|in a home
building|kitchen|IsA|ceremony
sleep|attic|IsA|animal
door|bed|HasProperty|found in a house
television|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
cupboard|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
restaurant|building|IsA|place you visit often
light|porch|UsedFor|serving food
backyard|rosebush|IsA|us state
lightning|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
potatoes|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
school|human|IsA|country
cupboard|bedroom|AtLocation|indoors
table|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
apartment|montana|IsA|part of a human
yard|outdoors|IsA|nation
microwave|film|IsA|dish
information|manual|IsA|physical object
nostalgia|depression|HasProperty|linked to food
yard|mexico|AtLocation|outside
store|hospital|CapableOf|have a street address
chicken|glass|UsedFor|transportation
apartment|home|IsA|place where people live
television|dust|UsedFor|storage
fulfillment|happiness|IsA|emotion
restaurant|class|IsA|place people can meet
doctor|magazines|UsedFor|furniture
trees|building|IsA|country
bed|magazine|IsA|physical item 
apartment|library|UsedFor|reading and studying
head|university|HasA|screen
computer|school|IsA|pencil
book|color|HasProperty|a meal
jail|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
corner|clouds|IsA|place for clothes
tent|conference|UsedFor|buying food
university|bathroom|IsA|object that can be held
vaccines|sleeping|CapableOf|hurt
countryside|house|MadeOf|sand
instruction|remembering|HasProperty|typically positive
panic|stress|IsA|negative feeling or expression
shelf|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
lamp|hotel|IsA|place to live
church|supermarket|IsA|place you can visit
detroit|wings|PartOf|house 
forest|sky|HasProperty|man made
house|safe|CapableOf|store a car
cabinet|cupboard|HasProperty|furniture
drawer|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
ceiling|carpet|PartOf|an office
bowl|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
town|outdoors|IsA|nation
yard|town|IsA|nation
thinking|book|HasA|screen
kitchen|roof|CapableOf|be found in a house
ballpark|box|HasA|connection to food
clothes|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
shelf|clothing|MadeOf|food
kitchen|outside|IsA|room
street|store|IsA|part of nature
ocean|beach|IsA|living thing
celebrating|dancing|IsA|physical emotion
magazine|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be read
jar|house|CapableOf|can you drink it
computer|hallway|AtLocation|in your company
attic|closet|IsA|place in a house
wedding|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
garage|cat|HasProperty|a household item
families|television|CapableOf|be eaten
death|argument|IsA|positive card
stable|switzerland|UsedFor|food
bedroom|basement|IsA|room
park|tree|UsedFor|throwing
refrigerator|refrigerators|IsA|  place
fight|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
favors|like|IsA|physical emotion
cupboard|box|UsedFor|storage
refrigerator|teapot|IsA|place people live
michigan|state|IsA|building
kitchen|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
happiness|sweetness|UsedFor|punish
garage|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
basement|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
container|table|IsA|type of food
person|elevator|CapableOf|be heard
refrigerator|kitchen|HasProperty|used for meals
store|mail|IsA|room in a home
connection|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
desk|airport|UsedFor|cooking
park|woods|HasProperty|part of your  house
couch|human|CapableOf|be lived in
backpack|jar|UsedFor|writing
animals|school|PartOf|the human body
jail|porch|CapableOf|store
fun|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
thinking|class|IsA|physical tangible object
cabinet|cupboard|CapableOf|be found in a house
cupboard|table|MadeOf|food
like|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
cabinet|wall|IsA|place to store items
locker|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
wilderness|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
computer|lamp|CapableOf|plug into the wall
office|house|AtLocation|with water
bathroom|classroom|IsA|room
newspaper|porch|UsedFor|sleeping in
sewer|cellar|IsA|room in a building
fun|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
party|park|IsA|building
drugstore|house|CapableOf|move location
apartment|montana|IsA|place
underground|burrow|IsA|place
desktop|computer|IsA|building
birds|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
pride|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
food|kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
apartment|toilet|UsedFor|living in
house|cupboard|MadeOf|food
field|safe|UsedFor|studying
bar|kitchen|IsA|location or room
synagogue|town|UsedFor|camping
rock|outside|IsA|living/once living
pot|shelf|UsedFor|storing things in
house|drawer|UsedFor|storage
backyard|building|HasA|properties of any kind
mind|skate|CapableOf|be heard
kitchen|boat|IsA|ceremony
bathroom|classroom|IsA|room in a property
telephone|barn|UsedFor|fun
jail|church|IsA|country
information|meeting|IsA|thing you can touch
floor|sleep|IsA|store items
clock|table|AtLocation|library
seattle|desert|IsA|popular attraction
wings|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
apartment|refrigerator|CapableOf|be opened/closed
skin|synagogue|IsA|place
butterflies|action|CapableOf|tell stories
australia|america|AtLocation|within the usa
floor|rug|IsA|building
space|orbit|AtLocation|public area
floor|dishes|CapableOf|be used for school
porch|trash|CapableOf|be used with a computer
joy|satisfaction|IsA|action
trunk|dust|MadeOf|food
rain|sky|HasProperty|white
desktop|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
pantry|house|CapableOf|be moved around
switzerland|barnyard|IsA|animal
bank|heaven|IsA|country
closet|windowsill|HasProperty|found inside a house
shed|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
picture|outside|PartOf|natural scenario
person|morgue|IsA|type of fluid
plants|ground|HasA|head
supermarket|refrigerator|CapableOf|be entered
earth|skin|IsA|house where man live
jar|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
toronto|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
bar|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
city|countryside|IsA|place
swamp|mountains|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
notebook|inside|CapableOf|move
bedroom|ceiling|PartOf|house
sorrow|embarrassment|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
silverware|table|AtLocation|in  a residence
battle|fight|IsA|positive card
toronto|junk|PartOf|house
sky|countryside|IsA|living thing
lemur|wilderness|IsA|country
classroom|computer|IsA|pencil
seaside|florida|IsA|place
paperwork|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
internet|mansion|HasProperty|alive
universe|sunshine|CapableOf|be currently visited
bedroom|demonstration|HasProperty|able to be entered
neighborhood|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
plate|kitchens|IsA|piece of furniture
countryside|roof|IsA|stone
remembering|inspiration|HasProperty|typically positive
chair|nature|HasProperty|an animal
building|hotel|IsA|place where people die typically
sunbathers|windowsill|IsA|place
attic|cellar|UsedFor|storage
television|families|CapableOf|be eaten
texas|oklahoma|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
kitchen|cabinet|IsA|building
cabinet|house|IsA|room in a property
crying|instruction|MadeOf|wood
country|wisconsin|HasA|water
restaurant|woods|HasProperty|a room
refrigerator|corner|IsA|place to store items
supermarket|church|UsedFor|living
canada|countryside|IsA|country
supermarket|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
kitchen|bedroom|PartOf|vehicle
opera|conference|IsA|place
bridge|moon|HasProperty|a building
shelf|silverware|MadeOf|metal
food|television|IsA|event
store|cage|HasProperty|man-made
wall|shelf|MadeOf|paper
wall|table|IsA|room
car|automobile|CapableOf|move people
book|newspaper|IsA|physical tangible object
window|pantry|IsA|object
garden|ground|CapableOf|laugh
valley|outside|HasProperty|made by humans
movies|school|CapableOf|be eaten
paper|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
bar|cup|IsA|type of food
apartment|dishes|IsA|furniture
closet|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
manual|desktop|UsedFor|viewing/reading
stomach|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
house|home|IsA|place to sleep
park|shop|IsA|n electronic device
snow|france|MadeOf|metal
table|box|UsedFor|indoor activities
box|mouth|IsA|object
floor|attic|IsA|store items
meeting|safe|IsA|part media
kitchen|loft|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
shop|park|IsA|n electronic device
internet|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
floor|airport|CapableOf|store
trash|landfill|UsedFor|farmers 
sink|field|HasA|edible items for sale
street|rain|IsA|car
store|warehouse|AtLocation|inside a person's home
corner|museum|IsA|continent
storage|garden|CapableOf|work
countryside|valley|IsA|1 syllable word
entertaining|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
freeway|love|HasA|airplanes
sea|summer|HasProperty|hot
sleep|chair|IsA|place
condiments|cup|HasProperty|used for meals
cup|food|UsedFor|keeping things cool
trash|toilet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
container|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
apartment|table|UsedFor|packing things inside
basement|groceries|HasA|roof
restaurant|university|AtLocation|in a building
passageway|coats|IsA|place to live
outdoors|countryside|IsA|nation
refrigerator|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
dinner|michigan|MadeOf|wood
church|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
floor|shelf|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
sleep|garage|PartOf|house
war|dance|CapableOf|be heard
coffee|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
pain|hunger|IsA|emotion
monastery|god|IsA|religious card
stuff|michigan|MadeOf|wood
instruction|knowledge|HasProperty|typically positive
meeting|park|CapableOf|be alive
locker|office|HasA|walls
restaurant|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
bridge|water|MadeOf|organic material
marmoset|mountains|HasA|car
sink|backpack|IsA|furniture 
city|desert|UsedFor|digging 
medium|garage|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
manual|information|AtLocation|in a store
bubblegum|key|CapableOf|be held in your hands
maine|canada|IsA|country or state
library|inside|HasProperty|material
container|cup|IsA|location or room
church|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
battle|doctor|PartOf|man body
porch|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
garage|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
anger|tears|IsA|noun
room|rug|IsA|part of a house
car|backpack|HasA|doors
junk|cat|HasProperty|an animal
information|manual|AtLocation|in a store
heaven|school|CapableOf|fly
safe|meeting|UsedFor|studying
office|home|HasProperty|a public place
outdoors|forest|IsA|nature-related
house|hallway|AtLocation|at a home
sloth|marmoset|IsA|animal or book
furniture|garage|HasProperty|a household item
internet|books|UsedFor|reading
tree|park|UsedFor|throwing
ocean|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
pool|sink|CapableOf|be used as transport 
dinner|shelf|HasProperty|an object
snore|chair|IsA|store items
skyscraper|valley|AtLocation|on a map
dinner|utensils|CapableOf|be held in your hands
museum|classroom|IsA|room in a property
motel|house|HasA|usually have people inside
bed|wall|HasProperty|found in a house
corporation|sun|HasA|movie
floor|rug|HasA|ceiling
punishment|suffering|IsA|emotion
wilderness|pond|HasProperty|human made
ocean|house|IsA|building
doorway|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
subdivision|countryside|MadeOf|sand
punishment|anger|IsA|noun
hotel|house|CapableOf|have a street address
ocean|jar|UsedFor|link between places
conference|montana|IsA|house where man live
discovery|action|IsA|physical state
windowsill|nest|CapableOf|fly
cabinet|bank|UsedFor|holding things
box|desk|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
thinking|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
building|pond|IsA|nature-related
bedroom|rug|PartOf|house
cabinet|desktop|CapableOf|contain multiple people
hole|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
drawer|table|IsA|furniture
sink|backpack|IsA|object
television|classroom|IsA|type of building
house|shelf|MadeOf|a natural material
drawer|snore|IsA|place
couch|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
home|church|CapableOf|have people  inside
desktop|cabinet|IsA|place to store items
internet|television|MadeOf|meet
table|house|MadeOf|food
loft|classroom|PartOf|vehicle
backyard|park|UsedFor|children to play
outside|canada|AtLocation|at a party
tile|ocean|HasProperty|a type of building
bay|waterfall|HasA|earth
sweetness|anger|HasA|punish
boxes|attic|UsedFor|cooking
car|fun|IsA|emotion
meeting|field|UsedFor|studying
stress|anger|IsA|positive card
cupboard|shelf|AtLocation|in a kitchen
street|forest|HasProperty|related to water falling
garage|medium|CapableOf|be used as transport 
bar|bedroom|UsedFor|urination
wedding|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
love|tears|IsA|physical emotion
office|museum|HasProperty|religious
passageway|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
bicycle|water|PartOf|house
company|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
desktop|telephone|IsA|device used for working
refrigerator|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
library|college|IsA|object
dust|utensils|IsA|made of wood
fear|performing|CapableOf|fly
town|suburb|IsA|state
pleasure|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
corner|windowsill|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
aggression|anger|HasA|physical element
house|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
favors|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
knowledge|money|IsA|emotion
attic|warehouse|AtLocation|in united states
pride|reflection|CapableOf|fly
beach|town|HasA|properties of any kind
theater|casino|UsedFor|living
kitchen|wall|IsA|room
wedding|theater|UsedFor|learning
wall|gate|HasA|airplanes
table|food|HasProperty|used for meals
movie|desk|UsedFor|storage
potatoes|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
cup|plate|HasA|store edible items
injury|thinking|IsA|emotion
movies|idaho|IsA|drink
mountains|alabama|HasA|even number of letter
basement|music|IsA|physical and movable item
laughter|smiles|HasProperty|a positive emotion
subdivision|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
wall|maze|HasA|airplanes
apartment|kitchen|UsedFor|urination
window|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
contemplating|pride|IsA|negative emotion
garage|factory|UsedFor|storing stuffs
circus|auditorium|IsA|religious card
wings|castle|CapableOf|fly
trash|boxes|IsA|room in a home
apartment|bar|HasProperty|a room
drawer|clothing|CapableOf|store
container|orbit|AtLocation|public area
gentleman|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
library|cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
airport|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
corner|clouds|IsA|place in a house
town|ocean|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
knowledge|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
competing|accomplishment|IsA|positive card
apartment|toilet|MadeOf|more than one room
mouth|box|CapableOf|be watched
fear|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
motel|auditorium|HasA|usually have people inside
encyclopedia|book|HasProperty|a meal
knowledge|sleep|IsA|emotion
manual|house|PartOf|food and drink
rock|field|IsA|natural or man made
moon|glass|HasProperty|hot
snore|floor|PartOf|house
store|trunk|HasProperty|removable
bed|tile|IsA|building
refrigerator|wall|CapableOf|be found in a house
television|garage|HasProperty|a room
underground|marmoset|IsA|place
security|college|IsA|object that can be held
closet|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
weather|forest|AtLocation|at america
concert|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
switzerland|canada|HasA|city inside
funeral|jar|IsA|place
god|chair|IsA|place of religion
bar|restaurants|PartOf|food and drink
suffering|sweetness|IsA|emotion
discovery|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
drink|hole|IsA|animal or book
suburbs|city|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
opera|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
shelf|floor|MadeOf|wood
dust|carpet|IsA|place you can go
market|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
snore|garage|IsA|animal
book|newspaper|IsA|place for students
meeting|color|HasProperty|related to studying
playground|countryside|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
building|lights|IsA|music related event
valley|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
desert|sky|MadeOf|trees
garden|ground|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
bathroom|washington|IsA|object
furniture|trouble|HasProperty|an animal
work|ceiling|AtLocation|library
love|fun|IsA|n emotion
boxes|box|UsedFor|storing physical things
library|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
river|ocean|IsA|man made
supermarket|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
garden|closet|HasA|wheels
office|funeral|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
homes|castle|UsedFor|travel
gentleman|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
corner|shop|IsA|study room
kitchen|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of building
countryside|suburbs|HasProperty|a country
color|head|HasProperty|a meal
weather|seattle|HasProperty|associated with the environment
class|war|PartOf|building
maze|connection|HasA|airplanes
garage|home|IsA|place where people live
office|teacher|IsA|school supply
snore|cat|IsA|place
disneyland|sunbathers|HasProperty|hot
hotel|families|CapableOf|be eaten
remembering|pain|IsA|emotion
windowsill|sunshine|IsA|person
den|home|CapableOf|be moved around
locker|pocket|UsedFor|storage
bar|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
bridge|sink|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
television|encyclopedia|IsA|physical tangible object
plants|ocean|IsA|location
trees|snow|IsA|place
refrigerator|stove|AtLocation|in a house
internet|newspaper|PartOf|publication
airport|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
attic|ground|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
punishment|punch|UsedFor|punish
shelf|desk|MadeOf|a natural material
corner|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
backpack|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
books|pocket|CapableOf|be used virtually 
lightning|reflection|IsA|colorful
change|store|CapableOf|keeping cash
discovery|contemplating|IsA|emotion
field|silverware|HasA|edible items for sale
suburb|roadway|MadeOf|sand
space|universe|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
state|minnesota|IsA|business that serves food
groceries|bathroom|HasA|roof
montana|countryside|IsA|rural region
beaver|store|IsA|location
wedding|box|CapableOf|be eaten
yard|churchyard|AtLocation|indoors
crying|suffering|IsA|sad emotion
bathroom|toilet|IsA|room in a property
egypt|montana|IsA|location
school|closet|IsA|place to live
stick|moss|IsA|living/once living
playground|restaurant|IsA|place to grow plants
store|field|IsA|food
shelf|corner|UsedFor|storage
snore|bed|HasProperty|an animal
desktop|shelf|UsedFor|storage
opera|synagogue|IsA|place
hallway|basement|IsA|car
map|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
apartment|toilet|UsedFor|car repair
clothes|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
furniture|apartment|IsA|ceremony
bubblegum|theater|UsedFor|living
dog|park|AtLocation|on the map
chocolate|park|IsA|part of the body
closet|car|IsA|place
countryside|michigan|CapableOf|fly
building|playground|IsA|nation
container|pantry|HasA|empty space in it
wilderness|trees|HasA|car
refrigerators|plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
pantry|onions|IsA|location or room
clothing|game|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
cabinet|garage|UsedFor|storing things inside
homes|doorway|UsedFor|travel
freeway|america|CapableOf|be read
street|arctic|MadeOf|sand
anger|sweetness|IsA|emotion
yard|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
injury|performing|IsA|negative emotion
box|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
field|tears|IsA|noun
apartment|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
wilderness|river|HasProperty|human made
computer|corner|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
doctor|dentist|IsA|room or building
trash|stuff|UsedFor|eating food off
aquarium|bridge|HasProperty|human made
apartment|jail|HasProperty|a place where people sing
student|computer|IsA|location
roof|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
dirt|world|MadeOf|water
computer|office|AtLocation|inside someone's home
table|pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
jar|cup|UsedFor|keeping things cool
moon|toilet|UsedFor|link between places
window|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
factory|building|AtLocation|in united states
pot|bowl|IsA|building
beaver|california|CapableOf|be read
human|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
closet|clothes|IsA|made of wood
bed|table|IsA|wooden object 
change|store|IsA|thing you have on person
cabinet|garage|CapableOf|cooking
beer|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
blood|morgue|PartOf|the human body
refrigerator|greenhouse|HasProperty|found in the garden
closet|store|UsedFor|to keep items
refrigerator|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
apartment|disneyland|IsA|furniture
garage|michigan|MadeOf|water
table|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
california|city|IsA|place
valley|countryside|IsA|natural thing
doctor|dentist|CapableOf|provide a service
drawer|junk|HasProperty|a household item
gymnasium|house|UsedFor|sport
boredom|joy|CapableOf|be physically touched
communication|love|IsA|emotion
montana|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
sink|medium|UsedFor|transportation
universe|stream|IsA|place
car|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
ground|carpet|AtLocation|in the sky
porch|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
bird|cat|IsA|a animal
michigan|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
garbage|television|AtLocation|in home
hospital|corner|IsA|ground where child play
market|bathroom|CapableOf| be moved
cabinet|classroom|IsA|necessity for education
moon|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
dinner|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
outside|person|HasA|roof
balloon|car|IsA|product that people buy
market|supermarket|IsA|food
table|cup|CapableOf|cook things
roof|garden|IsA|animal
container|stove|AtLocation|in a house
school|newspaper|IsA|object
restaurant|pond|IsA|country
yard|montana|HasProperty|a location
bowl|field|IsA|sweet or savory
bowl|pot|IsA|furniture
airport|bedroom|IsA|object that can be held
basement|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
inspiration|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
supermarket|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
television|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
school|demonstration|UsedFor|learning
loft|rug|IsA|type of building
cup|plate|UsedFor|keeping things cool
shock|pain|HasProperty|typically positive
food|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
roof|nest|IsA|place where you can stand
supermarket|earth|IsA|house where man live
book|car|UsedFor|news
cave|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
exhaustion|park|MadeOf|pause
town|backyard|IsA|nature-related
people|concert|UsedFor|referring to humans
table|classroom|UsedFor|packing things inside
medium|garage|UsedFor|transportation
garage|basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
television|books|MadeOf|meet
porch|restaurant|IsA|furniture
effort|sweat|HasProperty|about  clashes
clothing|car|IsA|made of wood
roof|bathroom|IsA|living thing
house|car|IsA|1 syllable word
grape|potatoes|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
color|university|HasProperty|a meal
disneyland|wallet|IsA|dish
convention|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
museum|table|AtLocation|indoors
kitchen|kitchens|HasProperty|for buying things
store|theater|IsA|place you can visit
laughter|favors|IsA|physical emotion
dinner|utensils|IsA|place
injury|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
house|building|CapableOf|move location
toilet|cupboard|AtLocation|inside a house
backpack|window|IsA|furniture
kitchen|pot|CapableOf|cooking
wedding|food|IsA|part of the body
class|club|AtLocation|in a building
meeting|club|IsA|place people can meet
restaurant|park|IsA|country
moon|ground|HasProperty|white
store|change|UsedFor|living
trash|mouse|CapableOf|be used with a computer
floor|trunk|UsedFor|to keep items
utensils|stamps|IsA|place
space|ballpark|UsedFor|containing objects
attic|basement|IsA|room in a home
warehouse|basement|CapableOf|be used for storage
garden|bathroom|IsA|object that can be held
desktop|cupboard|MadeOf|metal
newspaper|shelf|AtLocation|library
airport|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
playground|forest|IsA|place people work and live
desktop|company|HasA|use electricity
table|glass|HasA|edible items for sale
office|building|UsedFor|borrowing books
cut|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
couch|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
dishwasher|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
thinking|food|IsA|colorful
meeting|garage|UsedFor|storage
house|mansion|IsA|type of building
harbor|river|IsA|physical item 
security|church|IsA|object that can be held
computer|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
embarrassment|laughter|IsA|sad emotion
dinner|backpack|IsA|made of wood
garage|museum|IsA|room
corner|attic|IsA|place in a house
trees|countryside|PartOf|nature
bedroom|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
junk|trouble|IsA|animal
house|hospital|IsA|study room
france|marmoset|HasA|car
playground|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
notebook|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
house|windowsill|PartOf|body
apartment|home|HasProperty|a public place
pocket|paper|UsedFor|carrying things
soup|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
book|atlas|HasA|walls
restaurant|backyard|IsA|place you visit often
supermarket|oven|HasProperty|edible
fun|smiles|IsA|activity
store|market|HasProperty|used at meal time
museum|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
restaurant|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
connection|passageway|IsA|business
bathroom|roof|IsA|place where you can stand
book|television|IsA|physical tangible object
opera|town|UsedFor|learning
control|corporation|HasProperty|powerful
swimming|store|IsA|part of nature
rock|leaves|IsA|natural product or man made
government|president|HasA|movie
supermarket|people|UsedFor|buying food
restaurant|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
stamps|box|IsA|1 syllable word
dinner|plate|CapableOf|be held in your hands
like|communication|IsA|physical emotion
bed|garbage|IsA|place
bedroom|place|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
beer|bar|HasA|plug or power source
container|teacher|UsedFor|writing
yard|countryside|HasA|walls
forest|countryside|CapableOf|be read
dinner|television|HasProperty|related to studying
church|casino|IsA|place to be entertained
game|throne|UsedFor|wearing
cupboard|pantry|HasA|door
desert|cage|IsA|country
person|opera|IsA|action
wall|desktop|MadeOf|wood
building|pond|IsA|country
market|store|CapableOf| be moved
corner|ground|UsedFor|storage
church|office|CapableOf|have people  inside
building|supermarket|IsA|place or location
food|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
montana|beaver|IsA|country
movie|case|IsA|piece of furniture
basement|mouse|HasProperty|found below ground level
information|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
movies|park|IsA|drink
kitchen|spoon|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
loft|home|CapableOf|move location
death|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
skin|body|IsA|house where man live
forest|beach|AtLocation|outside
garden|attic|UsedFor|storing stuffs
house|carpet|HasA|animal
dishwasher|wallet|IsA|dish
building|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
church|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
shop|jail|PartOf|(or a) normal house
pond|canada|IsA|place people work and live
refrigerator|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
apartment|school|IsA|another word for show
beaver|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
car|house|IsA|product that people buy
trash|plate|IsA|place
clothing|movie|UsedFor|learning
bathroom|forest|CapableOf|fly
street|house|HasProperty|a location
woods|school|IsA|place
bar|hotel|IsA|list of alphabets
street|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
cup|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
water|fly|UsedFor|transportation
heaven|australia|IsA|place where money is kept
bar|kitchens|HasProperty|for buying things
building|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
bar|desktop|IsA|building 
television|desktop|IsA|building
cut|pride|IsA|negative emotion
cupboard|supermarket|CapableOf|be moved around
sewer|boxes|HasProperty|found below ground level
mexico|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
drawer|cabinet|MadeOf|wood
ontario|montana|PartOf|political geographical area
fatigue|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
trouble|government|HasA|movie
fatigue|enjoyment|IsA|emotion
ceiling|rug|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
control|corporation|CapableOf|place
paper|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
roof|ground|IsA|animal
passageway|hospital|IsA|public place
house|dinner|UsedFor|to keep items
shelf|desktop|MadeOf|metal
michigan|box|IsA|living thing
computer|demonstration|UsedFor|learning
television|internet|HasProperty|a publication
stamps|trash|UsedFor|eating
color|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
clothing|library|CapableOf|store
summer|windowsill|HasProperty|hot
bread|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
dinner|floor|UsedFor|to keep items
bedroom|loft|CapableOf|move location
building|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
jar|kitchen|HasA|empty space in it
happiness|empathy|IsA|activity
arguments|joy|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
seattle|air|IsA|shoe
sky|water|AtLocation|at a home
maze|airport|IsA|business
notebook|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
museum|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
park|city|IsA|place
boxes|funeral|IsA|structure or building
bedroom|office|IsA|study room
refrigerators|table|IsA|  place
chair|bed|IsA|place or location
cellar|attic|UsedFor|mainly sleep
air|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
confession|imagination|UsedFor|praying
forest|freeway|CapableOf|be read
exercising|effort|AtLocation|on the body
cage|creek|MadeOf|trees
crying|depression|IsA|emotion
supermarket|hotel|IsA|part of the body
trauma|problems|HasProperty|typically positive
home|floor|IsA|garden
hole|heaven|AtLocation|in home
house|ceiling|UsedFor|work
information|head|UsedFor|studying
university|library|IsA|physical tangible object
apartment|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
store|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
attic|warehouse|AtLocation|within a building's structure
library|head|HasA|screen
floor|shop|CapableOf|store
casino|restaurant|IsA|type of business
pride|performing|IsA|negative emotion
sun|control|IsA|book
canada|california|MadeOf|fiber
street|countryside|IsA|rural region
yard|china|UsedFor|transportation
teapot|california|UsedFor|storing food
newspaper|book|AtLocation|library
encyclopedia|book|IsA|physical tangible object
cabinet|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
lightning|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
tent|skin|IsA|part of a human
motel|corner|IsA|ground where child play
hotel|motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
hospital|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
outdoors|yard|AtLocation|outside
backyard|forest|IsA|place people work and live
laughter|smiles|HasProperty|an emotion
party|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
street|highway|AtLocation|on a map
trash|cabinet|IsA|place to make food
shelf|wall|AtLocation|library
shelf|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
synagogue|palace|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
chocolate|park|IsA|public building
antarctica|city|MadeOf|country
synagogue|theater|IsA|planet
alcohol|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
shed|basement|CapableOf|be used for storage
lemur|australia|UsedFor|cooking
africa|america|IsA|specific place
microwave|dishwasher|IsA|dish
auditorium|monastery|IsA|place of religion
house|demonstration|IsA|another word for show
canada|beaver|MadeOf|sand mostly
car|shelf|IsA|made of wood
kitchen|office|UsedFor|reading
bed|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
canada|outdoors|IsA|country
person|garage|IsA|sound
montana|building|HasA|ticket box usually
table|demonstration|UsedFor|learning
basement|bedroom|IsA|room (type)
silverware|desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
microwave|speaker|IsA|physical and movable item
store|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
park|corner|IsA|n electronic device
museum|bar|UsedFor|urination
stable|tennessee|UsedFor|food
funeral|box|IsA|place
ocean|sea|HasA|water
outside|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
jar|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
supermarket|restaurants|IsA|public place
skin|people|IsA|part of a human
furniture|building|MadeOf|wood
stomach|desktop|HasProperty|made of wood
box|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
jail|garage|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
pot|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
clock|book|AtLocation|library
wall|building|IsA|business
dishwasher|pot|CapableOf|storing food
corner|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
garden|park|IsA|nature-related
families|funeral|IsA|part of the body
party|table|AtLocation|on the map
sky|roof|CapableOf|fly
countryside|yard|HasProperty|a location
concert|funeral|UsedFor|music
remembering|dream|MadeOf|wood
manual|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
jar|ocean|CapableOf|can you drink it
cup|market|IsA|type of food
floor|dinner|IsA|made of wood
laughter|anxiety|IsA|emotion
chair|car|HasProperty|easily movable
store|nails|UsedFor|writing
town|countryside|HasA|walls
sink|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
restaurant|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
house|electricity|UsedFor|work
desert|outdoors|IsA|1 syllable word
pond|restaurant|IsA|nation
discovery|performing|IsA|colorful
supermarket|balloon|UsedFor|driving
buildings|conference|HasProperty|alive
furniture|wall|UsedFor|reading
forest|outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
museum|classroom|IsA|place of learning
glasses|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
cup|container|UsedFor|keeping things cool
beach|ball|UsedFor|farmers 
toronto|junk|IsA|animal
town|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
garden|supermarket|AtLocation|in a home
pan|oven|IsA|singular object
bathroom|person|HasProperty|a type of building
tent|opera|UsedFor|learning
yard|trees|HasA|walls
encyclopedia|commercial|MadeOf|water
ocean|conference|IsA|religious card
desk|chair|AtLocation|in a house
outside|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
countryside|forest|IsA|1 syllable word
fun|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
homes|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
sea|park|IsA|place
supermarket|glass|HasProperty|edible
chair|office|UsedFor|praying
house|ocean|HasA|pipe system attached
ground|leaves|AtLocation|outside
effort|exercise|HasProperty|usually fast
library|book|UsedFor|instructions
street|rain|HasProperty|associated with the environment
market|library|HasProperty|a public place
table|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
boat|pond|IsA|place that humans can swim
boat|bathtub|UsedFor|reading
backpack|floor|IsA|furniture
store|closet|IsA|item of clothing
supermarket|buildings|HasProperty|alive
pantry|bedroom|AtLocation|indoors
thinking|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
park|windowsill|PartOf|glass
classroom|woods|AtLocation|in a building
alcohol|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
cleanliness|allergies|MadeOf|pause
austria|pennsylvania|MadeOf|rocks
table|wallet|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
corner|television|IsA|place in a house
pocket|desktop|IsA|building
controversy|embarrassment|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
apartment|demonstration|HasProperty|able to be entered
connection|passageway|HasA|airplanes
skin|people|IsA|place
library|television|IsA|place for students
mountain|roof|IsA|living thing
trash|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
building|garage|MadeOf|water
canada|rosebush|PartOf|house
headache|allergies|MadeOf|golden
box|fun|AtLocation|within a building's structure
plate|dinner|IsA|furniture
workplace|library|HasProperty|visited by tourists
crying|depression|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
ground|arboretum|IsA|type of tree
park|apartment|IsA|place or location
box|plate|IsA|1 syllable word
television|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
cat|garbage|IsA|place
supermarket|disneyland|IsA|place or location
water|sky|IsA|car
good|person|IsA|action
airport|ocean|IsA|item of clothing
television|chair|IsA|place
potatoes|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
chair|airport|UsedFor|cooking
discovery|cut|IsA|emotion
television|information|AtLocation|on a shelf
carrots|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
theater|wedding|HasProperty|alive
kitchen|classroom|IsA|room in a property
church|clothing|UsedFor|learning
bathroom|apartment|MadeOf|more than one room
bedroom|roof|CapableOf|be found in a house
potatoes|carrots|IsA|vegetable 
music|person|CapableOf|be heard
bedroom|building|HasA|bed for sleeping
road|bridge|UsedFor|driving on or over
universe|stream|CapableOf|be read
countryside|seaside|CapableOf|be read
convention|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
nest|michigan|IsA|living thing
books|glass|IsA|furniture
house|museum|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
desk|chair|UsedFor|cooking
suburb|michigan|IsA|building
cupboard|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
toilet|water|MadeOf|organic material
meeting|television|HasProperty|a meal
apartment|cupboard|IsA|food
floor|window|UsedFor|food
hospital|bathroom|HasA|airplanes
cupboard|pot|CapableOf|be used with a computer
forest|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
lake|creek|MadeOf|water
passageway|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
backpack|utensils|MadeOf|food
cabinet|microwave|IsA|something you eat off
dream|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
conference|store|IsA|school supply
cupboard|store|MadeOf|food
shed|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
table|closet|AtLocation|inside a house
theater|conference|IsA|social event
store|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
shelf|bedroom|HasA|doors
outdoors|valley|IsA|natural thing
communication|smiles|IsA|verb
dentist|airport|IsA|physical item 
money|jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
nature|outdoors|IsA|1 syllable word
opera|carnival|CapableOf|be heard
bathroom|museum|PartOf|building
wilderness|sky|IsA|natural thing
refrigerator|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
bridge|continent|HasA|water
refrigerators|food|CapableOf|cook
theater|opera|IsA|house where man live
backyard|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
synagogue|supermarket|IsA|place or location
trees|france|MadeOf|metal
playground|town|UsedFor|driving on or over
listening|learning|IsA|associated to a positive experience
montana|earth|IsA|part of a human
hotel|motel|CapableOf|hold people against their will
people|circus|IsA|religious card
coffee|stamps|CapableOf|be held in your hands
magazine|table|CapableOf|store
library|lamp|UsedFor|a holiday
plate|product|IsA|place
park|windowsill|AtLocation|inside a home
party|hospital|IsA|study room
heaven|human|CapableOf|fly
restaurant|game|AtLocation|in a building
town|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
agreement|tears|IsA|physical emotion
church|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
mail|trunk|IsA|structure or building
town|wedding|IsA|place
store|classroom|UsedFor|writing
bathroom|gate|IsA|public place
barnyard|stable|IsA|animal
table|kitchen|MadeOf|metal
birds|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
manual|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
car|entertainment|HasA|positive connotation
lamp|cave|IsA|place to live
sweat|desires|HasProperty|negative in human sense
salad|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
television|telephone|AtLocation|inside someone's home
body|apartment|IsA|part of a human
street|city|IsA|building
table|shelf|IsA|necessity for education
store|market|IsA|place
utensils|plate|IsA|place
desktop|silverware|MadeOf|metal
like|fun|IsA|activity
television|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
car|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
street|landfill|UsedFor|playing
house|manual|UsedFor|driving
jail|school|UsedFor|a gathering of people
shelf|store|HasProperty|removable
kitchen|window|IsA|ceremony
internet|conference|HasProperty|a gathering place
bubblegum|money|UsedFor|living
field|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
store|dust|MadeOf|food
basement|garage|IsA|room
suburb|town|IsA|state
school|restaurant|IsA|public building
table|corner|IsA|type /part of building
antarctica|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
house|garage|IsA|room
library|television|HasProperty|a meal
drugstore|building|IsA|place to sleep
painting|cottage|HasProperty|in a cold climate
electricity|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
warehouse|attic|CapableOf|be used for storage
love|communication|IsA|physical emotion
cabinet|cupboard|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
theater|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
church|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
closet|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
desk|television|IsA|ground where child play
humiliation|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
trees|snow|HasA|car
house|clouds|IsA|product that people buy
concert|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
apartment|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
cupboard|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
wall|house|IsA|business
attic|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
drinking|tears|IsA|physical emotion
conference|desk|IsA|religious card
bed|park|AtLocation|inside a house
book|newspaper|CapableOf| be held in your hand
restaurant|computer|HasProperty|a room
television|class|HasProperty|a meal
trouble|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
continent|world|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
street|action|UsedFor|living
library|magazine|CapableOf|store
pain|sorrow|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
temple|building|CapableOf|move location
opera|war|PartOf|building
instruction|shock|IsA|emotion
synagogue|chair|IsA|mental place
house|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
backpack|bowl|UsedFor|storage
security|bathroom|IsA|object that can be held
country|region|IsA|continent
pain|love|IsA|reaction
drugstore|airplane|IsA|place to sleep
nature|sleep|IsA|place
subdivision|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
speaker|conference|MadeOf|a natural material
money|change|HasA|function
demonstration|barn|AtLocation|at a house
dishwasher|box|AtLocation|on the map
desktop|food|AtLocation|in  a residence
bedroom|desktop|HasProperty|edible
bubblegum|theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
salad|potatoes|IsA|sweet or savory
laughter|enjoyment|HasProperty|a positive emotion
montana|china|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
dishwasher|books|IsA|furniture
table|roof|UsedFor|storage
garage|church|IsA|place
closet|shed|IsA|place to pray
roof|ground|HasA|green plant
cabinet|dishwasher|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
ballpark|peanuts|IsA|reply to a question
dirt|country|IsA|continent
porch|drawer|UsedFor|reading
plate|utensils|IsA|piece of furniture
cellar|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
closet|attic|IsA|structure or building
hospital|cave|UsedFor|reading books
street|supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
refrigerator|pantry|AtLocation|in a house
book|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
television|internet|MadeOf|people gathering together
performing|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
apartment|wedding|HasProperty|alive
bridge|park|IsA|living/once living
birds|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
bathroom|apartment|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
basement|closet|UsedFor|storing things
cow|barnyard|IsA|animal
kitchen|wall|IsA|ceremony
trees|beach|IsA|country
party|library|IsA|n electronic device
aggression|defeat|IsA|feeling or emotion
cellar|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
money|crying|IsA|positive thing
drawer|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
party|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
oven|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
table|kitchen|AtLocation|indoors
embarrassment|humiliation|IsA|emotion
yard|city|IsA|country or state
club|church|IsA|place people can meet
store|house|HasProperty|an object
nails|paper|UsedFor|writing
town|mansion|IsA|location
house|room|IsA|car
closet|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
refrigerator|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
contemplating|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
excavation|desert|UsedFor|driving 
manual|classroom|IsA|necessity for education
control|sun|IsA|concept or place
notebook|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
atlas|book|IsA|building
backpack|paper|UsedFor|reading
ground|street|IsA|car
hallway|bathroom|IsA|type of room
chocolate|food|CapableOf|be eaten
park|mexico|IsA|country
body|town|IsA|house where man live
warehouse|university|AtLocation|within a building's structure
ground|house|CapableOf|laugh
problems|embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
utensils|backpack|IsA|furniture
garden|television|UsedFor|worship
refrigerator|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
information|internet|MadeOf|technology
music|good|IsA|action
library|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
ground|greenhouse|PartOf|body
germany|person|PartOf|building
airport|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
speaker|computer|AtLocation|in a kitchen
car|internet|IsA|location
book|ceiling|AtLocation|library
home|floor|MadeOf|living parts
outdoors|town|IsA|place people work and live
floor|carpet|HasProperty|furniture in a house
shop|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
store|nails|UsedFor|storage
sun|basement|HasProperty|white
forest|outdoors|HasProperty|2 syllables
party|telephone|IsA|building
table|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
house|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
forest|prison|IsA|proper noun
trees|park|HasA|walls
drawer|backpack|UsedFor|storage
birds|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
desk|cabinet|IsA|dish
trees|marmoset|IsA|n animal
park|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
house|bar|HasProperty|associated with drinking
country|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
canada|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
jar|refrigerators|CapableOf|store things
airport|garden|CapableOf|have people  inside
apartment|kitchen|IsA|object
enemies|tension|IsA|positive card
office|ocean|UsedFor|a holiday
house|restaurant|CapableOf|fly
junk|drawer|IsA|place
auditorium|room|HasA|usually have people inside
plate|table|IsA|something found in a household
car|shed|IsA|place to pray
groceries|beer|MadeOf|metal
injury|fear|IsA|colorful
motel|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
party|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
dinner|box|CapableOf|be held in your hands
cupboard|silverware|UsedFor|washing or cooking
office|desktop|UsedFor|communication
imagination|chair|IsA|place of religion
house|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
nightmares|embarrassment|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
house|table|IsA|another word for show
lamp|hospital|IsA|place to live
asia|canada|MadeOf|rocks
hotel|room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
louisiana|fox|IsA|us state
school|homes|HasProperty|child friendly
pot|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
fun|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
windowsill|greenhouse|HasA|green plant
backpack|blanket|AtLocation|inside a house
windowsill|store|PartOf|physical structure
fun|shed|IsA|place to pray
plate|cheese|IsA|location or room
dust|clouds|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
beach|sky|HasProperty|man-made
museum|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
movie|club|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
conference|teacher|UsedFor|writing
work|ocean|IsA|country or state
apartment|bowl|IsA|furniture
silverware|stomach|HasProperty|made of wood
mountains|arkansas|HasA|start with a
drawer|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
television|book|IsA|place for students
car|jail|IsA|product that people buy
case|drawer|IsA|form of entertainment
beach|park|IsA|place to grow plants
beach|mountain|IsA|living thing
garden|forest|AtLocation|outside
house|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
toilet|cupboard|IsA|building
basement|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
desktop|pantry|AtLocation|indoors
table|kitchen|HasProperty|used for meals
home|supermarket|CapableOf|be moved around
stamps|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
desktop|oven|HasA|edible items for sale
inside|school|HasProperty|material
stuff|case|IsA|furniture
funeral|mail|UsedFor|storing physical things
box|bag|IsA|room in a home
shock|nostalgia|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
controversy|pain|HasProperty|typically positive
table|clothing|HasProperty|an object
jar|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
canada|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
coffee|stuff|IsA|place
knowledge|money|HasProperty|a physical item
speaker|building|CapableOf|be attended
restaurant|school|UsedFor|pooping
grape|soup|IsA|vegetable 
switzerland|picture|MadeOf|plastic
bathroom|market|IsA|sweet or savory
airplane|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
ground|bridge|IsA|living/once living
trash|landfill|HasA|first letter b
box|movies|IsA|event
pond|bay|IsA|somewhere animals swim
school|house|IsA|large building
dinner|table|IsA|1 syllable word
cleanliness|joy|CapableOf|be physically touched
death|animals|HasA|exterior walls
street|leaves|IsA|natural product or man made
library|dinner|IsA|part media
apartment|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
beaver|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
box|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
cabinet|cupboard|AtLocation|inside a house
cat|nature|IsA|part of a house
bowl|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
sea|pond|IsA|somewhere animals swim
heaven|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
michigan|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
windowsill|flower|IsA|place
apartment|house|UsedFor|student
apartment|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
ocean|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
cellar|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
room|warehouse|CapableOf|be used for storage
sorrow|shock|IsA|feeling/emotion
water|garage|IsA|physical item 
closet|car|IsA|made of wood
ground|painting|IsA|place you can live
street|yard|IsA|animal
street|florida|UsedFor|living
rock|street|MadeOf|wood
demonstration|animals|PartOf|the human body
conference|paper|UsedFor|writing
backyard|outside|UsedFor|cooking food
auditorium|party|HasA|usually have people inside
weather|forest|PartOf|city
hospital|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
michigan|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
can|trunk|IsA|place for entertainment
house|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
musical|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
wedding|movies|IsA|place
country|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
thinking|food|CapableOf|fly
ceiling|building|CapableOf|move location
trunk|shelf|MadeOf|food
garage|museum|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
jar|purse|UsedFor|living
sleep|floor|HasProperty|a household item
newspaper|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
church|bathroom|HasA|a bath
town|canada|IsA|nature-related
toilet|dishwasher|CapableOf|be used with a computer
lamp|party|IsA|study room
cat|snore|AtLocation|in home
cleanliness|park|MadeOf|golden
bowl|kitchen|AtLocation|in a home
boat|bathtub|IsA|ceremony
happiness|sweetness|IsA|noun
vaccines|sleeping|PartOf|human body
pantry|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
toilet|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
encyclopedia|classroom|CapableOf|be used virtually 
suburb|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
street|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
weather|disneyland|AtLocation|at america
magazines|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
kitchen|cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
office|apartment|UsedFor|student
garden|table|UsedFor|worship
forest|ocean|PartOf|natural landscape
town|suburbs|IsA|place where you can live
roof|ceiling|IsA|specific part of a structure
happiness|competing|IsA|positive card
box|case|UsedFor|eating
supermarket|television|IsA|event
telephone|voice|IsA|tv show
yard|beach|IsA|country
injuries|death|HasA|physical element
refrigerator|wall|AtLocation|indoors
squirrel|air|HasProperty|man made
attic|storage|UsedFor|storing stuffs
building|office|UsedFor|reading books
cage|field|IsA|place where money is kept
refrigerator|restaurant|CapableOf|be opened/closed
bathtub|wall|IsA|ceremony
pennsylvania|picture|MadeOf|rocks
house|program|UsedFor|worship
desktop|bedroom|UsedFor|work
dishwasher|sink|IsA|furniture 
supermarket|classroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
home|porch|IsA|room or building
hallway|bedroom|HasProperty|able to be entered
sink|glass|CapableOf|be used as transport 
table|kitchen|CapableOf|store things
room|house|HasA|usually have people inside
supermarket|apartment|UsedFor|learning
cabinet|computer|UsedFor|storing things inside
library|office|IsA|room
magazines|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
papers|table|AtLocation|home
buildings|theater|HasProperty|a gathering place
florida|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
hotel|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
college|table|UsedFor|housing
wilderness|prison|CapableOf|be read
anxiety|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
manual|shelf|IsA|necessity for education
dance|elevator|CapableOf|be heard
porch|chair|UsedFor|cooking
stream|lake|MadeOf|trees
potatoes|grape|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
battlefield|house|PartOf|the human body
apartment|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
love|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
backpack|briefcase|UsedFor|carrying things
dinner|house|HasProperty|an object
bathtub|funeral|MadeOf|wood
apartment|kitchen|IsA|type /part of building
restaurant|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
office|building|UsedFor|reading
india|america|CapableOf|be read
airport|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
nature|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
hospital|hotel|UsedFor|borrowing books
attic|ground|AtLocation|in the sky
sun|ocean|HasProperty|found in the house
roof|windowsill|HasProperty|man-made
body|skin|IsA|part of a human
jar|moon|CapableOf|can you drink it
newspaper|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
passageway|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
suburb|montana|IsA|residential area
work|yard|AtLocation|in your company
tent|earth|UsedFor|buying food
chair|toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
antarctica|roof|IsA|place to store items
classroom|pocket|UsedFor|viewing/reading
motel|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
basement|outside|HasProperty|found below ground level
cupboard|porch|CapableOf|be used with a computer
town|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
pizza|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
bedroom|microwave|IsA|animal
forest|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
knowledge|university|HasProperty|a meal
program|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
cabinet|nails|IsA|piece of furniture
cellar|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
airport|human|UsedFor|travel
backpack|stamps|UsedFor|eating
refrigerator|shelf|IsA|type of business
woods|stream|IsA|1 syllable word
change|wallet|UsedFor|living
beaver|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
rock|ground|IsA|man made thing
ocean|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
sky|garden|IsA|animal
factory|attic|UsedFor|storing stuffs
refrigerator|ficus|HasProperty|a state in the usa
stuff|dinner|MadeOf|wood
classroom|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
desktop|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
nature|wilderness|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
paper|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
fun|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
greenhouse|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
class|elevator|CapableOf|be heard
dust|ground|AtLocation|in your home
airport|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
information|field|UsedFor|studying
cellar|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
house|college|IsA|building
room|ground|HasProperty|white
church|garage|IsA|building
ocean|world|IsA|continent
wall|classroom|IsA|ceremony
hotel|motel|HasProperty|a place where people sing
forest|backyard|IsA|nation
garage|refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
nature|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
car|house|IsA|1 syllable word
coffee|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
wilderness|florida|IsA|place
closet|bathroom|IsA|building
desktop|concert|UsedFor|work
refrigerator|mouse|CapableOf|be used with a computer
bathtub|window|IsA|ceremony
mouth|families|IsA|place
office|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
junk|floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
auditorium|heaven|IsA|mental place
hallway|bedroom|IsA|type of room
glass|cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
restaurant|food|HasProperty|related to eating
toilet|jar|PartOf|the galaxy
doctor|floor|CapableOf|store
greenhouse|windowsill|PartOf|body
city|roadway|IsA|state
yard|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
shelf|pocket|IsA|necessity for education
work|wall|AtLocation|library
greenhouse|garage|IsA|furniture
university|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
town|pond|AtLocation|outside
briefcase|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
city|countryside|MadeOf|sand
lamp|hallway|UsedFor|work
frustration|sadness|IsA|feeling
concert|garden|UsedFor|work
sun|canada|IsA|concept or place
suburb|state|IsA|building
garage|cellar|PartOf|house
countryside|town|UsedFor|swimming
street|forest|IsA|type of land
happiness|laughter|IsA|emotion
cage|russia|IsA|place where money is kept
building|apartment|CapableOf|float
mexico|france|AtLocation|labeled on a map
manual|library|IsA|thing you can touch
understanding|thinking|IsA|physical state
toilet|porch|IsA|place to make food
spoon|food|HasProperty|related to eating
state|nebraska|IsA|part of a municipality
television|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
museum|desktop|AtLocation|indoors
body|earth|IsA|part of a human
burrow|france|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
jar|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
state|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
container|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
choir|television|IsA|tv show
cinema|wedding|HasProperty|alive
imagination|church|IsA|place of religion
nature|air|IsA|car
building|backyard|IsA|nature-related
jail|bed|CapableOf|store
cupboard|shelf|UsedFor|washing or cooking
disneyland|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
nature|drawer|IsA|place
countryside|rock|IsA|stone
bedroom|home|HasProperty|able to be entered
reflection|birds|IsA|colorful
rug|shoes|UsedFor|indoor activities
library|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
church|human|IsA|state in usa
library|map|CapableOf|be worn
house|container|IsA|room
factory|doctor|IsA|nation symbol
earth|montana|IsA|house where man live
attic|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
ceiling|roof|UsedFor|building the structure of house
embarrassment|communication|IsA|sad emotion
monastery|confession|UsedFor|praying
valley|nebraska|IsA|business that serves food
park|candy|IsA|event
apartment|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
supermarket|dinner|PartOf|food and drink
trouble|attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
bathroom|hallway|IsA|type of room
house|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
inside|house|UsedFor|happiness
thinking|meeting|UsedFor|studying
basement|cellar|CapableOf|be used for storage
television|magazine|UsedFor|news
sun|city|IsA|concept or place
building|park|CapableOf|be part of a house
barn|lights|UsedFor|travel
greenhouse|plants|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
supermarket|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
shock|nightmares|IsA|emotion
warehouse|closet|PartOf|house
college|office|CapableOf|have people  inside
box|ballpark|IsA|cartoon
newspaper|book|HasA|use electricity
mexico|beach|IsA|place to grow plants
window|library|IsA|ceremony
pride|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
notes|college|HasProperty|material
michigan|backpack|UsedFor|eating
tree|air|PartOf|house
restaurant|table|UsedFor|worship
cabinet|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
garden|air|IsA|part of nature
arkansas|fox|IsA|us state
notebook|library|HasProperty|material
plate|desk|IsA|1 syllable word
sink|pool|UsedFor|transportation
excitement|enjoyment|IsA|verb
garden|pond|CapableOf|be part of a house
painting|train|HasA|outdoor scenery
inside|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
garage|hospital|HasA|exterior walls
movie|table|UsedFor|storage
problems|depression|IsA|negative feeling
wall|kitchen|UsedFor|reading
stomach|table|HasProperty|edible
sky|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
bathroom|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
attic|sleep|IsA|animal
battle|human|MadeOf|by man
detroit|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
hunger|inspiration|IsA|emotion
disneyland|house|UsedFor|cooking
meeting|manual|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
pantry|sink|IsA|furniture 
furniture|loft|UsedFor|decoration
church|class|IsA|place people can meet
plate|dinner|UsedFor|eating
library|college|IsA|building
movies|supermarket|IsA|event
bedroom|corner|IsA|ground where child play
window|table|IsA|furniture 
drawer|chair|HasProperty|an animal
clothing|gentleman|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
trouble|snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
mountain|switzerland|IsA|location
house|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
action|anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
ceiling|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
safe|knowledge|IsA|part media
river|continent|HasProperty|human made
container|trunk|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
house|manual|PartOf|food and drink
office|shop|IsA|ground where child play
jar|container|AtLocation|in a house
knowledge|meeting|UsedFor|studying
kitchen|floor|HasProperty|a type of building
sewer|basement|UsedFor|cooking
synagogue|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
street|theater|IsA|place you can visit
medium|boat|IsA|physical item 
thinking|book|HasProperty|related to studying
store|bathtub|CapableOf|sleeping
ground|park|IsA|living/once living
house|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
drugstore|home|IsA|specific part of a structure
trees|canada|HasA|properties of any kind
ocean|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
desktop|book|AtLocation|library
florida|city|CapableOf|be read
suit|clothing|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
money|shock|IsA|emotion
skin|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
river|waterfall|HasA|3 letters
doorway|couch|AtLocation|mostly inside
colorado|oklahoma|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
corner|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
earth|tent|IsA|house where man live
stomach|shelf|HasProperty|edible
seaside|prison|IsA|proper noun
book|desktop|HasA|walls
conference|jar|IsA|school supply
mouse|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
disneyland|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
building|hospital|HasA|bed for sleeping
supermarket|groceries|CapableOf|be moved around
library|table|CapableOf|store
bed|chair|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
inspiration|instruction|IsA|positive thing
cup|table|UsedFor|indoor activities
chicken|medium|CapableOf|be used as transport 
town|conference|UsedFor|buying food
relaxation|revelations|UsedFor|driving
restaurant|bar|IsA|country
ocean|closet|UsedFor|reading books
desktop|computer|UsedFor|work
stuff|trash|IsA|place
town|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
gate|store|IsA|public place
friends|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
restaurant|mouse|IsA|furniture
dictionary|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be read
party|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
apartment|california|UsedFor|storing food
party|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
tennessee|fox|IsA|country
laughter|celebrating|IsA|verb
attic|floor|HasProperty|a household item
lamp|shop|IsA|ground where child play
movie|church|UsedFor|learning
basement|bedroom|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
information|books|AtLocation|on a shelf
jail|shop|CapableOf|store
town|garden|IsA|country
laughter|love|HasProperty|an emotion
desk|drawer|IsA|furniture
floor|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
meeting|library|MadeOf|meet
bathroom|doorway|AtLocation|mostly inside
condiments|bread|IsA|location or room
change|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
car|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
cup|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
table|airport|CapableOf|store
waterfall|outside|IsA|living/once living
bed|jail|CapableOf|store
desk|stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
jail|garage|HasA|fee to visit
windowsill|park|PartOf|body
jar|bridge|MadeOf|organic material
theater|church|IsA|thing you have on person
arboretum|home|AtLocation|in the united states
airplane|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
shop|airport|IsA|physical item 
communication|love|IsA|verb
map|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
motel|shop|HasProperty|a place you can work
ground|arboretum|IsA|place people live
house|mouse|HasProperty|found below ground level
conference|demonstration|UsedFor|announcing something
theater|church|HasProperty|an event
electricity|opera|UsedFor|worship
refrigerator|plate|IsA|  place
windowsill|cage|PartOf|physical structure
stamps|stuff|IsA|place
subdivision|newspaper|UsedFor|expanding development
apartment|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
tears|excitement|IsA|activity
montana|wedding|IsA|house where man live
action|food|IsA|emotion
sky|forest|IsA|living thing
grape|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
school|classroom|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
bottle|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
market|plate|IsA|type of food
michigan|roof|HasProperty|man-made
map|book|HasA|walls
desert|house|HasA|buildings in it
food|table|IsA|  place
jail|room|CapableOf|be entered
basement|cabinet|CapableOf|be moved around
cupboard|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
kitchen|corner|AtLocation|indoors
world|continent|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
opera|town|IsA|place or location
paper|notebook|HasProperty|sold in stores
tennessee|antarctica|MadeOf|country
mexico|countryside|AtLocation|outside
supermarket|apartment|HasProperty|alive
container|refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
home|trouble|IsA|animal
groceries|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
office|bedroom|IsA|item of clothing
thinking|newspaper|HasA|screen
jail|ocean|IsA|building
snore|chair|IsA|place
china|subdivision|IsA|place where you can live
demonstration|shelf|IsA|place
building|apartment|IsA|place or location
sun|car|HasProperty|capable of burning you
water|toilet|MadeOf|organic material
box|table|IsA|location
disneyland|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
trouble|country|HasProperty|powerful
passageway|lamp|UsedFor|a holiday
mountain|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
kitchen|bedroom|IsA|type /part of building
kitchen|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
france|mountains|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
backyard|park|IsA|place or location
home|jail|IsA|1 syllable  word
library|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
store|casino|IsA|place you can visit
outside|woods|IsA|living/once living
college|notes|HasProperty|material
cabinet|store|IsA|place where students learn
wall|bed|HasProperty|found in a house
wilderness|wisconsin|CapableOf|be walked on
earth|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
alabama|louisiana|IsA|us state
theater|town|IsA|place
homes|school|UsedFor|children to study
park|backyard|UsedFor|children to play
good|dance|PartOf|building
airport|shop|IsA|physical item 
knowing|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
house|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
jail|porch|IsA|physical item 
river|soup|UsedFor|transportation
bedroom|house|CapableOf|move location
carpet|ceiling|IsA|home appliance
garden|movie|UsedFor|learning
jar|sink|MadeOf|organic material
hospital|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
river|bay|IsA|small body of water
carpet|dust|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
box|jar|UsedFor|eating
lemur|sloth|IsA|animal or book
headache|exhaustion|MadeOf|pause
excitement|fun|IsA|physical emotion
toronto|television|PartOf|house
sugar|house|HasProperty|found below ground level
god|heaven|IsA|place of religion
temple|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
leaves|ground|MadeOf|wood
closet|box|IsA|place
yard|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
school|college|UsedFor|washing
food|soup|IsA|location
closet|bed|IsA|building
basement|cabinet|HasA|roof
program|computer|UsedFor|work
garage|furniture|HasProperty|a household item
shop|office|IsA|study room
inside|school|IsA|object
porch|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
house|trunk|IsA|1 syllable word
wall|table|UsedFor|storage
human|airport|UsedFor|eating
closet|hospital|IsA|item of clothing
excavation|montana|UsedFor|driving 
street|weather|IsA|type of place
satisfaction|excitement|IsA|negative emotion
argument|defeat|IsA|positive card
backyard|canada|MadeOf|fiber
park|yard|UsedFor|children to play
pond|outdoors|IsA|country
kitchen|container|AtLocation|in a house
hotel|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
potatoes|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
restaurant|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
meeting|club|UsedFor|learning
clouds|car|PartOf|food and drink
container|box|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
pain|shock|IsA|negative thing
discomfort|happiness|IsA|n emotion
yard|city|AtLocation|in your company
mouse|refrigerator|IsA|place to make food
buildings|opera|HasProperty|alive
street|rain|IsA|brand
notes|house|CapableOf|move
magazine|table|IsA|physical item 
storage|warehouse|UsedFor|storing stuffs
concert|bathroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
apartment|table|IsA|dish
school|restaurant|CapableOf|fly
groceries|jar|MadeOf|wood
table|apartment|UsedFor|storage
refrigerator|cabinet|IsA|building
porch|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
desert|town|HasProperty|a location
garbage|drawer|PartOf|house
cat|backyard|IsA|animal
stomach|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
money|change|IsA|place you can visit
stadium|toilet|UsedFor|washing
newspaper|countryside|IsA|residential area
washington|montana|PartOf|political geographical area
trash|street|UsedFor|playing
himalayas|switzerland|MadeOf|rocks
wedding|conference|IsA|house where man live
beaver|desert|IsA|location
cupboard|shelf|MadeOf|wood
cupboard|cabinet|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
shock|controversy|IsA|negative thing
egypt|excavation|UsedFor|digging 
people|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
store|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
pocket|bubblegum|CapableOf|be held in your hands
kitchen|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
hospital|maze|IsA|business
windowsill|creek|MadeOf|trees
stove|food|HasProperty|used for meals
carpet|ceiling|PartOf|an office
ocean|library|UsedFor|reading books
desert|yard|HasA|buildings in it
container|peanuts|HasA|connection to food
building|bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
garden|swimming|IsA|animal
classroom|desktop|IsA|necessity for education
glass|silverware|HasProperty|edible
cabinet|paper|HasProperty|sold in stores
seaside|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
clouds|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
supermarket|convention|IsA|house where man live
office|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
city|town|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
house|countryside|IsA|state
excitement|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
utensils|stamps|MadeOf|wood
controversy|crying|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
library|building|IsA|place to live
encyclopedia|pocket|UsedFor|viewing/reading
agreement|crying|UsedFor|manifesting joy
effort|exercising|CapableOf|cause injury
laughter|entertaining|IsA|verb
enjoyment|excitement|IsA|emotion
motion|discipline|HasProperty|tiring
detroit|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
backyard|park|IsA|place to grow plants
cabinet|jar|IsA|place where students learn
heaven|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
trunk|clothes|IsA|made of wood
playground|pond|AtLocation|outside
restaurant|bedroom|IsA|room
wall|corner|IsA|room
floor|magazine|CapableOf|store
pantry|kitchen|IsA|type of room in houses
auditorium|house|IsA|building
church|workplace|IsA|place where you can visit
countryside|sky|IsA|living thing
dinner|utensils|UsedFor|storage
container|groceries|IsA|type of business
candy|movies|IsA|event
city|park|UsedFor|music
carnival|confession|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
cup|plate|HasA|empty space in it
bathroom|apartment|IsA|room in a property
table|dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
floor|bed|IsA|wooden object 
skin|earth|IsA|house where man live
party|house|IsA|ground where child play
museum|bedroom|UsedFor|car repair
office|bedroom|AtLocation|in a house
school|families|IsA|part of the body
prison|suburbs|IsA|place
box|funeral|IsA|structure or building
salad|carrots|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
shelf|store|HasProperty|used at meal time
friends|demonstration|UsedFor|furniture
theater|street|IsA|thing you have on person
ceiling|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
attic|garbage|IsA|store items
human|love|UsedFor|a gathering of people
library|shop|CapableOf|provide a service
garden|canada|AtLocation|outside
manual|books|PartOf|publication
knowledge|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
office|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
clothes|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
drawer|cabinet|IsA|something found in a household
contemplating|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
museum|toilet|UsedFor|car repair
antarctica|stable|UsedFor|food
palace|court|HasA|roof
hotel|apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
kitchens|casino|IsA|type of business
dirt|bathtub|IsA|bodypart
jar|container|AtLocation|public area
floor|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
school|closet|IsA|item of clothing
ocean|water|UsedFor|transportation
pain|agreement|UsedFor|manifesting joy
bathtub|street|HasA|first letter c
house|garage|PartOf|the human body
school|detroit|CapableOf|move freely
air|ocean|MadeOf|natural materials
classroom|home|CapableOf|have people  inside
dancing|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
kitchen|refrigerator|AtLocation|indoors
refrigerator|market|CapableOf|be sweet
money|remembering|HasProperty|a physical item
synagogue|restaurant|IsA|place or location
beer|can|HasA|plug or power source
punch|punishment|HasA|punish
mexico|battle|MadeOf|by man
restaurant|stadium|UsedFor|living in
windowsill|paint|UsedFor|storage
vase|shelf|IsA|art-related item
lamp|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
town|park|AtLocation|outside
injury|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
information|newspaper|IsA|place for students
house|moon|IsA|car
shock|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
house|closet|UsedFor|storage
closet|backpack|UsedFor|storage
desktop|office|UsedFor|reading
attic|television|IsA|place
library|home|UsedFor|cooling
ground|plants|UsedFor|children to play
desktop|bedroom|AtLocation|indoors
dancing|laughter|IsA|something considered as positive
montana|apartment|IsA|part of a human
closet|fun|IsA|place
performing|happiness|IsA|colorful
dust|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
heaven|ocean|UsedFor|praying
portfolio|garden|HasProperty|sold in stores
entertaining|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
controversy|embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
outdoors|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
ocean|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
meeting|library|HasA|screen
burger|bread|IsA|type of food
stream|universe|CapableOf|be read
front|ballpark|IsA|cartoon
airport|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
mess|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
clothes|clothing|MadeOf|food
kitchen|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
newspaper|manual|MadeOf|paper
office|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
home|store|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
bridge|moon|CapableOf|store small items
dishwasher|wallet|IsA|something found in a household
telephone|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
room|cellar|CapableOf|be used for storage
mansion|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
cellar|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
apartment|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
field|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
texas|france|MadeOf|metal
shelf|windowsill|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
laugh|demonstration|HasProperty|a type of property
restaurant|apartment|CapableOf|fly
soup|garage|UsedFor|transportation
box|shoes|AtLocation|inside a house
store|house|MadeOf|wood
bathroom|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
blood|death|HasA|exterior walls
shelf|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
doctor|library|CapableOf|store
computer|television|HasProperty|a room
library|school|IsA|place to live
love|enjoyment|IsA|activity
nails|soup|AtLocation|in a home
nebraska|state|AtLocation|inside a house
wedding|conference|IsA|place
grape|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
store|shelf|MadeOf|food
bathroom|building|HasA|multiple rooms
dinner|shelf|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
chair|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
embarrassment|crying|PartOf|mental disorder
prison|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
plane|barn|IsA|music related event
church|school|UsedFor|punishing people
city|china|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
museum|telephone|UsedFor|fun
england|bus|AtLocation|on a map
nightmares|dreams|CapableOf|hurt
theater|concert|CapableOf|have people physically in it
pleasure|heart|IsA|happy card
newspaper|roadway|MadeOf|sand
jar|shelf|MadeOf|wood
bathroom|airport|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
pain|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
head|field|HasA|screen
television|park|CapableOf|be eaten
refrigerator|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
contemplating|pride|CapableOf|cause pain
stairs|bathtub|IsA|type of building
horse|grape|AtLocation|on a wall
table|utensils|UsedFor|eating
shelf|flower|UsedFor|at home
love|pain|IsA|emotion
floor|table|MadeOf|food
pennsylvania|park|MadeOf|plastic
television|information|MadeOf|technology
anxiety|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
library|jail|UsedFor|cooling
food|kitchen|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
ceiling|clock|MadeOf|paper
pond|playground|AtLocation|outside
bathroom|roof|PartOf|house
forest|weather|HasProperty|associated with the environment
dishwasher|desk|IsA|dish
canada|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
backpack|house|UsedFor|storage
nature|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
countryside|woods|HasProperty|part of your  house
school|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
class|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
theater|city|CapableOf|have people physically in it
skyscraper|bus|IsA|country or state
embarrassment|pain|PartOf|mental disorder
punishment|suffering|IsA|noun
classroom|dictionary|IsA|book
ocean|river|HasA|3 letters
tent|apartment|IsA|place you buy food
store|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
factory|building|MadeOf|water
butterflies|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
nostalgia|depression|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
cage|russia|UsedFor|cooking
like|smiles|UsedFor|hobbies
michigan|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
enemies|fight|IsA|physical outcome
refrigerators|pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
playground|park|AtLocation|at a party
stream|sky|IsA|1 syllable word
colorado|dictionary|IsA|activity 
school|apartment|IsA|another word for show
demonstration|office|UsedFor|student
field|countryside|MadeOf|wood
performing|action|HasA|physical appearance
bowl|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
kitchen|bowl|AtLocation|inside a house
communication|celebrating|IsA|verb
street|highway|HasA|people living on
street|key|CapableOf|keeping cash
city|michigan|IsA|business that serves food
playground|town|UsedFor|swimming
families|chocolate|IsA|public building
demonstration|office|IsA|pencil
colorado|france|IsA|state
backyard|playground|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
air|jail|IsA|product that people buy
school|garage|HasA|exterior walls
village|canada|AtLocation|on a map
dance|office|IsA|room in a house
mexico|building|IsA|country
club|europe|UsedFor|learning
house|cupboard|HasProperty|found below ground level
groceries|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
class|thinking|HasA|screen
show|drugs|CapableOf|promote health
inside|college|IsA|object
anxiety|thinking|IsA|emotion
sleep|dream|MadeOf|wood
audience|people|HasProperty|alive
sorrow|controversy|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
windowsill|disneyland|HasProperty|hot
bedroom|chair|CapableOf|move people
conference|store|UsedFor|writing
garden|greenhouse|PartOf|glass
florida|money|CapableOf|keeping cash
dinner|closet|HasProperty|an object
windowsill|roof|PartOf|building
town|africa|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
town|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
bag|boxes|IsA|structure or building
closet|bathtub|MadeOf|asphalt
city|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
paperwork|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
garage|bar|HasProperty|a room
fish|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
car|party|IsA|product that people buy
atlas|locker|IsA|building
universe|light|UsedFor|serving food
sink|shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
people|tent|IsA|place
monastery|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
carrots|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
table|plate|CapableOf|be consumed
nostalgia|pain|IsA|positive thing
lights|crowd|IsA|place
motel|church|IsA|building
wallet|key|IsA|place you can visit
dinner|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
plate|container|HasA|empty space in it
table|shelf|HasA|edible items for sale
restaurant|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
closet|office|UsedFor|sitting on
backpack|table|CapableOf|be eaten
toilet|dishwasher|IsA|place to make food
television|garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
snow|marmoset|IsA|place
university|movies|IsA|drink
glass|books|IsA|furniture 
store|forest|CapableOf|fly
information|telegram|IsA|visible object
telephone|library|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
paper|locker|UsedFor|reading
change|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
ocean|forest|CapableOf|fly
soup|street|UsedFor|transportation
television|office|IsA|study room
hospital|house|HasA|bed for sleeping
home|house|CapableOf|be moved around
church|workplace|HasProperty|child friendly
garage|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
suburbs|yard|HasProperty|a location
teacher|store|UsedFor|carrying things
desktop|office|IsA|study room
bathroom|home|UsedFor|travel
restaurant|park|UsedFor|swimming
universe|attic|AtLocation|as part of a house
town|world|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
building|garden|HasA|properties of any kind
porch|light|AtLocation|as part of a house
wedding|school|CapableOf|be eaten
container|boxes|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
wallet|money|CapableOf|be held in your hands
stomach|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
desert|beaver|IsA|country
rock|countryside|IsA|living/once living
table|carpet|IsA|place or location
tent|montana|HasProperty|an event
summer|desert|IsA|vacation destination
satisfaction|confusion|HasA|ltr p
outside|wall|IsA|place to store items
government|control|CapableOf|make you do something
australia|seaside|CapableOf|be read
bridge|ocean|HasProperty|a building
theater|apartment|IsA|place you buy food
wedding|entertainment|IsA|tourist destination
town|countryside|AtLocation|outside
room|attic|IsA|place
conference|tent|IsA|house where man live
desert|forest|IsA|animal
spoon|kitchen|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
party|television|IsA|ground where child play
airport|wings|UsedFor|travel
discovery|contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
controversy|crying|IsA|negative thing
field|encyclopedia|IsA|place for students
house|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
ground|house|HasProperty|found in a home
outside|park|IsA|living/once living
performing|cut|IsA|negative emotion
reflection|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
manual|book|UsedFor|instructions
nebraska|michigan|IsA|building
locker|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
effort|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
refrigerator|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
corner|wall|IsA|place to store items
potatoes|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
coffee|stuff|UsedFor|eating
notebook|pencils|UsedFor|writing
mouse|cabinet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
backyard|park|HasA|walls
forest|roof|IsA|animal
building|bathroom|IsA|business
pocket|classroom|IsA|building
ocean|airport|IsA|item of clothing
maze|building|IsA|public place
classroom|teacher|UsedFor|carrying things
restaurant|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
auditorium|church|HasProperty|a place where people sing
bathroom|kitchen|AtLocation|in a building
kitchen|toilet|IsA|room in a property
shoes|dog|AtLocation|inside a house
drawer|bed|AtLocation|in home
ground|tree|HasProperty|man made
sunshine|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
furniture|garbage|IsA|store items
porch|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
yard|park|IsA|animal
office|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
understanding|revelations|UsedFor|seeking an answer
happiness|sweetness|IsA|emotion
wilderness|valley|HasProperty|human made
desk|cabinet|UsedFor|storage
park|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
dust|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
tension|aggression|IsA|positive card
roadway|house|IsA|state
wood|floor|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
teapot|california|IsA|type of tree
house|classroom|HasA|usually have people inside
backpack|paper|IsA|school supply
house|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
bank|shelf|UsedFor|holding things
funeral|blood|HasA|exterior walls
refrigerators|pantry|HasA|store edible items
office|kitchen|UsedFor|reading
building|hotel|CapableOf|have a street address
concert|crowd|CapableOf|have people physically in it
case|coffee|CapableOf|be held in your hands
factory|warehouse|CapableOf|have people living there
airport|maze|IsA|public place
stomach|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
chair|attic|IsA|store items
apartment|school|UsedFor|reading and studying
beaver|india|CapableOf|be read
countryside|train|HasA|outdoor scenery
ocean|office|UsedFor|a holiday
cupboard|garage|CapableOf|cooking
utensils|drawer|MadeOf|food
nest|box|PartOf|house
closet|warehouse|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
garage|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
store|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cabinet|microwave|IsA|something found in a household
waterfall|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
aquarium|river|HasA|water
room|water|HasProperty|white
conference|building|IsA|place or location
desert|seattle|IsA|type of land
can|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
case|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
imagination|monastery|IsA|place of religion
library|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
cut|fear|CapableOf|fly
wings|human|CapableOf|fly
bed|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
safe|television|IsA|physical tangible object
tent|body|IsA|part of a human
suburb|china|IsA|state
beer|pot|IsA|type of business
atlas|desktop|IsA|building
garden|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
pool|medium|IsA|physical item 
shock|nightmares|IsA|negative thing
ocean|garage|UsedFor|eating or drinking
beaver|excavation|UsedFor|digging 
windowsill|nest|IsA|living thing
synagogue|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
desk|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
motel|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
bar|television|AtLocation|in a building
desktop|clock|CapableOf|show you time
government|trouble|HasA|movie
conference|people|IsA|religious card
cupboard|shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
passageway|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
pond|yard|IsA|place people work and live
party|box|AtLocation|on the map
library|telegram|IsA|visible object
fun|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
conference|cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
anxiety|pride|IsA|colorful
wires|party|IsA|device used for working
container|liquid|UsedFor|drinking 
person|carnival|CapableOf|be heard
cage|windowsill|IsA|place where you can stand
attic|michigan|CapableOf|be made with bricks
drawer|table|IsA|something found in a household
sky|nest|IsA|living thing
entertaining|favors|IsA|activity
closet|ground|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
kitchen|condiments|CapableOf|store things
case|cabinet|MadeOf|plastic
corner|windowsill|AtLocation|in a home
trees|forest|CapableOf|be man made
box|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
body|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
outdoors|pond|CapableOf|be part of a house
confusion|dance|PartOf|building
cellar|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
headache|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
windowsill|nature|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
porch|trash|HasProperty|found in the garden
landfill|street|HasA|first letter b
apartment|desk|IsA|dish
store|bathtub|CapableOf|sleep on it
birds|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
floor|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
desktop|telephone|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
park|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
closet|attic|CapableOf|part  of a household
trash|stuff|IsA|place
television|library|HasProperty|a meal
person|staircase|HasProperty|a type of building
cage|woods|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
wires|bar|IsA|building 
government|sun|IsA|place
town|yard|IsA|place people work and live
trees|town|IsA|country
trash|bearing|UsedFor|farmers 
colorado|arizona|IsA|state
antarctica|table|UsedFor|storage
manual|book|IsA|place
wilderness|california|IsA|place
street|safe|CapableOf|be lived in
library|meeting|IsA|object
floor|rug|CapableOf|sleeping
theater|earth|HasProperty|an event
anxiety|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
mail|box|IsA|structure or building
cage|hole|IsA|place
desktop|office|HasProperty|a property 
america|florida|IsA|proper noun
kitchens|plate|IsA|type of food
attic|storage|CapableOf|work
demonstration|school|UsedFor|learning
texas|marmoset|HasA|car
tent|town|IsA|event
lamp|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
television|knowledge|IsA|place for students
body|synagogue|IsA|part of a human
lamp|hospital|UsedFor|a holiday
woods|countryside|HasProperty|part of your  house
bathroom|bedroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
church|meeting|IsA|place people can meet
dishwasher|table|IsA|piece of furniture
wedding|apartment|UsedFor| gathering together
wilderness|valley|HasA|earth
answer|front|UsedFor|containing objects
backyard|building|CapableOf|be part of a house
closet|building|UsedFor|reading books
california|india|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
countryside|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
school|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
trunk|bag|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
canada|forest|IsA|country
university|head|IsA|place for students
street|disneyland|IsA|place
floor|people|PartOf|building a house
allergies|exhaustion|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
monastery|synagogue|IsA|religious card
action|money|HasA|function
tree|forest|IsA|animal
supermarket|people|HasProperty|part of a human
garden|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
sky|tree|HasProperty|man made
bar|bathroom|IsA|room
encyclopedia|library|IsA|necessity for education
jar|briefcase|IsA|piece of furniture
garden|plants|AtLocation|inside a home
museum|telephone|UsedFor|fitness
teacher|jar|IsA|place where students learn
building|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
street|countryside|IsA|animal
pantry|floor|HasProperty|furniture
car|party|AtLocation|inside a house
thinking|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
map|locker|UsedFor|reading
church|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
school|house|UsedFor|pooping
food|butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
kitchen|stove|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
cupboard|cabinet|AtLocation|in a kitchen
bag|boxes|IsA|room in a home
air|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
beaver|egypt|IsA|country
street|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
cabinet|sewer|IsA|room in a building
conference|wedding|IsA|planet
cupboard|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
porch|pot|CapableOf|cooking
ocean|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
theater|mansion|HasProperty|alive
mouse|sugar|IsA|room
kitchen|bathroom|IsA|room in a property
funeral|families|IsA|part of the body
forest|seaside|IsA|place
kitchen|office|HasProperty|easily movable
office|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
house|hospital|HasA|bed for sleeping
sun|hallway|IsA|car
window|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
floor|bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
bank|windowsill|UsedFor|holding things
birds|performing|IsA|emotion
bathtub|furniture|IsA|building
mess|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
loft|furniture|AtLocation|inside a person's home
india|australia|AtLocation|within the usa
ocean|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
lamp|house|IsA|ground where child play
restaurant|stadium|UsedFor|pooping
garden|concert|UsedFor|work
kitchen|trash|IsA|building
office|ocean|IsA|item of clothing
table|desktop|CapableOf|opened or closed
plane|road|UsedFor|travel
internet|information|IsA|physical object
grape|horse|IsA|object
shelf|speaker|IsA|inanimate object
store|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
wall|boat|UsedFor|reading
pocket|briefcase|IsA|school supply
garden|forest|IsA|place people work and live
soup|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
park|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
outside|town|UsedFor|driving on or over
florida|street|IsA|thing you have on person
boat|building|MadeOf|wood
restaurant|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
fun|shed|PartOf|house
china|countryside|IsA|place where you can live
bag|trash|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
dream|trauma|IsA|emotion
countryside|street|HasProperty|a country
clothing|car|UsedFor|to keep items
friend|america|IsA|specific place
shelf|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
game|meeting|IsA|place people can meet
store|teacher|IsA|piece of furniture
trouble|garage|HasProperty|a household item
weather|desert|AtLocation|at america
house|garage|HasA|exterior walls
greenhouse|kitchen|IsA|furniture
store|pocket|IsA|place where students learn
motel|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
newspaper|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
kitchen|disneyland|IsA|building
windowsill|bathroom|IsA|place where you can stand
ficus|ground|HasProperty|a state in the usa
jar|park|IsA|part of the body
toilet|house|PartOf|the galaxy
bowl|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
waterfall|ocean|IsA|man made
ocean|desk|UsedFor|serving food
drawer|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
desk|stamps|IsA|form of entertainment
corner|computer|IsA|study room
books|book|MadeOf|technology
sea|bay|IsA|place that humans can swim
conference|convention|IsA|part of a human
meeting|garden|IsA|place people can meet
hallway|moon|IsA|car
party|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
river|harbor|IsA|physical item 
sink|toilet|MadeOf|organic material
kitchen|drawer|IsA|furniture 
stadium|apartment|CapableOf|fly
depression|trauma|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
knowledge|depression|IsA|negative thing
box|street|PartOf|house
container|funeral|IsA|room in a home
classroom|boat|MadeOf|wood
bedroom|desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
toilet|garage|CapableOf|storing food
person|good|IsA|action
jail|shop|IsA|room or building
desert|yard|IsA|place where you can live
carpet|television|HasProperty|found inside a house
attic|drawer|HasProperty|a household item
passageway|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
fun|love|IsA|verb
classroom|temple|AtLocation|in your room
closet|shelf|MadeOf|food
container|house|UsedFor|cooking
knowledge|meeting|IsA|physical tangible object
cupboard|cabinet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
shed|cellar|IsA|place
pride|action|CapableOf|tell stories
town|cinema|HasProperty|alive
lamp|library|IsA|building
restaurant|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
television|ground|AtLocation|inside a home
bar|restaurants|UsedFor|eating or drinking
television|supermarket|IsA|event
building|michigan|MadeOf|water
information|library|IsA|visible object
dust|closet|AtLocation|in the sky
cabinet|museum|UsedFor|reading
desires|erections|AtLocation|usually in a bed
container|casino|MadeOf|metal
car|room|IsA|place to pray
telephone|office|IsA|n electronic device
newspaper|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
mountains|trees|AtLocation|below
mountain|roof|CapableOf|fly
outdoors|sky|IsA|natural thing
humans|idaho|HasProperty|something you can touch
store|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
room|furniture|UsedFor|decoration
forest|valley|IsA|1 syllable word
movies|wedding|IsA|place
classroom|hairbrush|IsA|place to sleep
love|connection|IsA|business
kitchen|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
glass|chicken|UsedFor|eating or drinking
water|closet|IsA|mode of transportation
movement|motion|HasProperty|usually fast
mouth|television|IsA|event
museum|corner|AtLocation|indoors
building|attic|MadeOf|water
bathroom|wall|IsA|public place
cut|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
store|jellyfish|UsedFor|reading
dishes|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
library|stadium|IsA|place you could sleep in
chair|desk|IsA|religious card
table|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
table|bed|AtLocation|inside a house
ocean|maine|AtLocation|on a map
refrigerator|cabinet|HasProperty|sold in stores
radio|information|UsedFor|news
water|bicycle|IsA|place
florida|church|IsA|place you can visit
sugar|sewer|IsA|room in a building
action|pride|HasA|physical appearance
garden|park|IsA|place people work and live
trash|disneyland|IsA|place to make food
desk|bowl|IsA|something found in a household
library|museum|HasA|walls
restaurant|church|UsedFor|work
countryside|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
dog|bird|HasA|animal
dream|problems|IsA|negative feeling
human|doctor|PartOf|man body
building|demonstration|IsA|sound
classroom|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
bubblegum|pocket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bridge|highway|UsedFor|driving on or over
buildings|mansion|UsedFor|putting on a show
stress|confusion|IsA|negative feeling or expression
suicide|headache|IsA|emotion
sailboat|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
cabinet|trash|CapableOf|be used with a computer
knowledge|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
garbage|bed|HasProperty|a household item
listening|learning|IsA|activity
school|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
sky|forest|HasProperty|man-made
floor|utensils|UsedFor|storage
books|sink|IsA|object
alcohol|bread|IsA|product that people buy
pocket|paper|UsedFor|reading
aggression|enemies|IsA|positive card
garden|club|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
fun|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
rug|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
silverware|desktop|AtLocation|inside an office
tension|battle|IsA|positive card
yard|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
rock|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
store|market|IsA|sweet or savory
drawer|wallet|IsA|dish
desk|table|IsA|dish
table|bedroom|AtLocation|indoors
river|tropics|IsA|location
backyard|rug|HasA|legs
sea|pond|HasA|water
office|nails|IsA|school supply
countryside|box|CapableOf|fly
church|water|AtLocation|within a building's structure
garage|bed|PartOf|house
party|car|UsedFor|storage
attic|desk|MadeOf|energy
ocean|office|UsedFor|reading books
water|street|IsA|place
car|bread|IsA|product that people buy
corner|dust|IsA|place for clothes
passageway|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
books|pocket|CapableOf|be held with one hand
shelf|stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
bar|restaurants|IsA|public place
table|jar|AtLocation|in a house
school|hospital|IsA|item of clothing
sink|drawer|HasProperty|furniture
florida|theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
ground|street|IsA|natural or man made
restaurant|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
fun|entertaining|IsA|activity
good|class|IsA|action
bar|apartment|IsA|room in a property
god|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
sink|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
motion|movement|CapableOf|cause injury
lemur|russia|UsedFor|cooking
sink|stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
clothes|utensils|UsedFor|storage
restaurant|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
waterfall|fish|HasProperty|human made
coffee|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
drawer|cat|HasProperty|a household item
house|school|UsedFor|sporting events
sewer|cupboard|IsA|room
suburbs|desert|HasProperty|a location
flowers|vase|IsA|place or location
table|magazine|IsA|room or building
floor|wall|AtLocation|above the ground
dictionary|library|IsA|necessity for education
cupboard|clothing|MadeOf|food
action|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
church|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bread|refrigerator|UsedFor|eating or drinking
gymnasium|court|UsedFor|sport
bedroom|market|IsA|type /part of building
inspiration|knowing|MadeOf|wood
computer|television|AtLocation|inside someone's home
talk|relaxation|IsA|form of communication
clouds|attic|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
bowl|plate|IsA|something you eat off
store|ocean|UsedFor|a holiday
friends|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
hallway|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
rug|bedroom|PartOf|house
park|jar|UsedFor|eating
minnesota|town|IsA|building
briefcase|office|CapableOf|be worn
city|desert|HasProperty|a location
band|human|IsA|place
tension|enemies|IsA|positive card
detroit|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
attic|garage|IsA|room (type)
opera|music|CapableOf|be performed
bar|supermarket|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
motel|hotel|UsedFor|overnight stays
trunk|dust|IsA|made of wood
backpack|trash|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bank|desert|HasProperty|wooded
drawer|chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
film|case|IsA|dish
hospital|school|IsA|building
books|library|CapableOf|be used virtually 
tears|happiness|IsA|noun
subdivision|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
rug|bathtub|CapableOf|sleep on it
suffering|embarrassment|IsA|sad emotion
chair|confession|UsedFor|praying
cabinet|bowl|IsA|something found in a household
apartment|warehouse|PartOf|waste management system
forest|woods|HasProperty|somewhere to go
warehouse|water|IsA|place to pray
conference|internet|HasProperty|a gathering place
class|school|CapableOf|be performed
teacher|nails|UsedFor|writing
ground|teapot|IsA|place people live
table|food|CapableOf|cook things
refrigerators|condiments|IsA|  place
couch|bed|PartOf|house 
cabinet|desk|UsedFor|storage of physical items
cage|countryside|MadeOf|trees
india|australia|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
drawer|table|MadeOf|plastic
opera|theater|UsedFor|live performances
container|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
party|motel|IsA|ground where child play
greenhouse|roof|HasA|head
ranch|barnyard|IsA|animal
tears|sweetness|UsedFor|punish
desert|china|IsA|location
outside|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
casino|street|UsedFor|living
newspaper|bed|IsA|room or building
dishes|kitchen|UsedFor|food
house|bathroom|IsA|business
shop|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
junk|sleep|HasProperty|a household item
person|germany|IsA|action
bed|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
key|store|CapableOf|keeping cash
mouse|basement|UsedFor|cooking
classroom|table|UsedFor|student
opera|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
movie|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
theater|conference|IsA|location
church|bedroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
desk|church|UsedFor|praying
performing|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
valley|yard|AtLocation|in your company
company|desktop|HasA|use electricity
town|suburbs|IsA|rural region
knowledge|class|IsA|physical tangible object
doctor|bed|UsedFor|cooling
park|jar|IsA|public building
store|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
pride|cut|CapableOf|fly
snow|desert|IsA|vacation destination
cabinet|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
garden|concert|UsedFor|worship
basement|cellar|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
knowledge|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
convention|church|IsA|part of a human
restaurant|garage|IsA|type of building
switzerland|playground|AtLocation|at a party
office|telephone|AtLocation|inside someone's home
bread|alcohol|IsA|product that people buy
cabinet|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
wallet|apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
fight|death|HasA|physical element
den|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
pot|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
contemplating|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
house|apartment|UsedFor|sleeping
curtain|snow|HasProperty|hot
conference|office|IsA|piece of furniture
concert|show|MadeOf|chemicals
apartment|cupboard|CapableOf|be opened/closed
apartment|supermarket|HasProperty|part of a human
cupboard|mouse|HasProperty|found below ground level
inside|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
hairbrush|war|HasA|exterior walls
birds|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
lightning|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
ocean|tree|PartOf|house
outdoors|town|HasA|properties of any kind
refrigerators|cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
bay|ocean|HasProperty|human made
drawer|shelf|CapableOf|be worn
utensils|floor|IsA|made of wood
excitement|joy|IsA|feeling
concert|city|UsedFor|music
bathroom|outside|IsA|living/once living
wedding|montana|UsedFor|learning
stuff|stamps|IsA|furniture
town|park|HasA|ticket box usually
montana|people|IsA|place
skate|dance|IsA|action
warehouse|factory|CapableOf|be made with bricks
manual|book|HasProperty|singular
market|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
jail|school|HasProperty|a place where people sing
kitchens|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
candle|lamp|HasProperty|white
butterflies|lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
knowledge|dream|MadeOf|wood
action|change|IsA|thing you have on person
synagogue|earth|IsA|house where man live
meeting|notes|HasProperty|material
mouse|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
party|jail|PartOf|food and drink
desktop|garage|AtLocation|at home
silverware|table|HasA|edible items for sale
crying|knowledge|IsA|negative thing
library|office|HasProperty|found in a house
bathroom|classroom|HasA|usually have people inside
sky|ceiling|UsedFor|work
workplace|library|AtLocation|indoors
california|india|IsA|place
candy|school|IsA|event
shock|pain|IsA|emotion
ocean|mountain|IsA|living thing
hotel|maze|IsA|public place
pantry|kitchen|IsA|object
ground|cottage|HasA|outdoor scenery
dictionary|marmoset|IsA|place
sugar|sewer|IsA|room
hotel|passageway|IsA|public place
cabinet|notebook|HasA|walls
home|garden|IsA|object that can be held
restaurant|pot|IsA|place for entertainment
film|disneyland|IsA|dish
attic|bedroom|HasProperty|used for cooking in
store|park|UsedFor|reading
floor|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
table|bed|UsedFor|sleeping on
enemies|battle|HasProperty|about  clashes
theater|opera|IsA|event
picture|canada|MadeOf|rocks
bowl|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
apartment|convention|UsedFor|buying food
bathroom|wedding|IsA|location
shelf|clock|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
dust|clothes|UsedFor|storage
cellar|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
suffering|communication|IsA|sad emotion
information|radio|UsedFor|news
drawer|floor|IsA|wooden object 
desktop|ceiling|MadeOf|paper
tent|apartment|HasProperty|part of a human
attic|factory|AtLocation|in united states
performing|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
kitchen|container|AtLocation|public area
sky|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
market|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
classroom|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
city|computer|IsA|country or state
bearing|trash|UsedFor|playing
disneyland|restaurant|IsA|something found in a household
classroom|office|IsA|building
pride|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
playground|backyard|IsA|nation
university|garage|IsA|place
disneyland|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
restaurant|playground|IsA|nature-related
argument|fight|HasProperty|about  clashes
valley|michigan|IsA|building
telephone|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
state|michigan|IsA|building
desert|china|CapableOf|be parked on
trees|roof|AtLocation|outside
backyard|rug|CapableOf|be painted
wallet|disneyland|IsA|dish
work|ceiling|CapableOf|show you time
suburb|montana|IsA|place where you can live
valley|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
discomfort|stupid|HasA|positive connotation
supermarket|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
mess|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
cellar|shed|IsA|structure or building
library|school|HasA|pool
street|inside|IsA|place or location
cabinet|store|IsA|school supply
house|restaurants|CapableOf|be entered
yard|canada|IsA|country
alcohol|manual|CapableOf|be entered
garden|bedroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
trunk|clothing|IsA|made of wood
park|families|IsA|public building
theater|wedding|IsA|event
sea|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
desires|death|HasProperty|negative in human sense
jail|park|IsA|country
jar|oven|AtLocation|in a house
storage|garage|AtLocation|in united states
table|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
apartment|restaurant|UsedFor|sporting events
detroit|castle|CapableOf|move freely
control|country|HasA|movie
microwave|stamps|IsA|form of entertainment
class|field|UsedFor|studying
class|mind|PartOf|building
television|safe|PartOf|the human body
desktop|ceiling|AtLocation|library
bathroom|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
disneyland|cellar|IsA|room
anxiety|happiness|IsA|emotion
dust|house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
library|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
conference|tent|IsA|social event
trouble|junk|AtLocation|in home
shed|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
supermarket|theater|HasProperty|a gathering place
happiness|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
restaurant|beer|MadeOf|metal
newspaper|porch|UsedFor|cooling
lemur|heaven|IsA|country
concert|electricity|MadeOf|wood
thinking|encyclopedia|IsA|place for students
table|doctor|CapableOf|store
beaver|freeway|CapableOf|be read
corner|ground|PartOf|the sky
bathtub|loft|CapableOf|sleeping
relaxation|headache|UsedFor|seeking an answer
building|countryside|IsA|place you visit often
opera|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
switzerland|tennessee|UsedFor|food
clothes|dinner|UsedFor|storage
wall|love|IsA|business
cut|reflection|IsA|colorful
coffee|utensils|UsedFor|eating
moon|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
freeway|house|IsA|business
water|ground|UsedFor|work
building|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
love|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
cupboard|cabinet|MadeOf|plastic
desktop|silverware|HasProperty|made of wood
windowsill|ground|IsA|place you can go
jail|auditorium|HasProperty|a place where people sing
cabinet|outside|IsA|place to store items
apartment|boat|MadeOf|wood
closet|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
hallway|woods|IsA|room
nebraska|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
cat|nature|IsA|place
knowledge|safe|IsA|part media
airport|store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
yard|playground|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
trouble|government|IsA|concept or place
bay|valley|AtLocation|inland
trauma|pain|IsA|emotion
library|furniture|MadeOf|wood
desktop|museum|IsA|place to store items
outdoors|forest|CapableOf|be man made
stream|forest|IsA|natural thing
closet|bathtub|MadeOf|organic brown matter
office|building|IsA|room in a house
india|prison|CapableOf|be read
town|skin|HasProperty|an event
school|doctor|IsA|country
dinner|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
garage|auditorium|IsA|building
school|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
rug|dog|UsedFor|indoor activities
outdoors|park|UsedFor|swimming
park|garden|AtLocation|inside a home
rug|desk|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
shoes|rug|AtLocation|on the map
garage|basement|IsA|room (type)
suburbs|city|HasProperty|a location
favors|entertaining|IsA|verb
wallet|supermarket|UsedFor|living
clouds|air|UsedFor|driving
toronto|trouble|HasProperty|a household item
dreams|death|CapableOf|hurt
city|auditorium|CapableOf|have people physically in it
wedding|montana|IsA|place
silence|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
clothing|airport|UsedFor|cooling
tension|aggression|IsA|feeling or emotion
table|cabinet|UsedFor|holding things
apartment|house|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
classroom|office|IsA|pencil
paperwork|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of building
auditorium|closet|IsA|building
restaurant|canada|IsA|place people work and live
cabinet|backpack|UsedFor|reading
friends|rug|IsA|type /part of building
knowledge|safe|IsA|place to study
store|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
waterfall|boat|IsA|place that humans can swim
person|cellar|IsA|type of building
playground|yard|AtLocation|outside
knowledge|shock|PartOf|mental disorder
desktop|desk|IsA|study room
kitchen|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
airport|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
pond|building|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
synagogue|apartment|IsA|part of a human
wedding|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
allergies|headache|MadeOf|pause
warehouse|cellar|CapableOf|be used for storage
corner|television|IsA|ground where child play
building|classroom|IsA|place to sleep
hotel|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
color|library|IsA|part media
trash|michigan|MadeOf|wood
house|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
desktop|manual|UsedFor|viewing/reading
montana|supermarket|IsA|home
cupboard|boxes|IsA|room
countryside|park|HasA|properties of any kind
kitchen|bedroom|HasProperty|a room
bathroom|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
bowl|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
garage|classroom|IsA|room
school|store|IsA|item of clothing
theater|opera|IsA|place
change|purse|IsA|place you can visit
house|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
seattle|desert|MadeOf|sand
himalayas|asia|IsA|location
rock|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
bottle|sink|HasA|door
building|temple|IsA|specific part of a structure
trash|box|IsA|room in a home
jar|toilet|CapableOf|can you drink it
cupboard|desktop|AtLocation|indoors
meeting|information|IsA|place to study
working|confusion|HasA|ltr p
texas|florida|IsA|us state
sea|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
room|ground|IsA|car
bay|ocean|IsA|somewhere animals swim
backpack|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
books|manual|IsA|thing you can touch
market|vase|IsA|place or location
book|locker|CapableOf|be worn
market|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
pantry|dishes|CapableOf|be used for school
countryside|desert|IsA|part of nature
picture|outside|HasA|city inside
store|yard|HasProperty|man made
floor|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
apartment|office|HasProperty|a type of building
backpack|table|UsedFor|learning
field|desktop|HasA|edible items for sale
cut|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
church|montana|IsA|place of religion
corner|clouds|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
hairbrush|death|HasA|exterior walls
front|space|HasProperty|related to children
store|shelf|HasProperty|used at meal time
backyard|yard|IsA|country
house|suburbs|IsA|place where you can live
cellar|loft|IsA|structure or building
erections|vaccines|IsA|physical object
water|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
backyard|canada|IsA|place people work and live
trouble|chair|IsA|store items
garden|street|IsA|animal
window|apartment|IsA|ceremony
museum|toilet|IsA|room in a property
country|city|IsA|object/thing
park|yard|IsA|animal
store|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
store|furniture|CapableOf|sleep on it
greenhouse|plants|CapableOf|laugh
street|china|MadeOf|sand
opera|music|IsA|physical and movable item
yard|backyard|UsedFor|children to play
locker|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
government|canada|IsA|concept or place
street|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
kitchens|bar|HasProperty|for buying things
trees|field|IsA|stone
canada|ontario|PartOf|political geographical area
bowl|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
trouble|bed|HasProperty|an animal
rock|roof|MadeOf|wood
car|desktop|CapableOf|employ people
nature|trouble|IsA|store items
town|convention|IsA|commercial browser
bathroom|cellar|HasProperty|a type of building
room|house|PartOf|food and drink
god|circus|UsedFor|praying
school|wilderness|CapableOf|be currently visited
television|trash|IsA|something kept a home
shock|depression|IsA|positive thing
funeral|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
valley|city|AtLocation|in your company
work|office|AtLocation|on a map
cabinet|pocket|IsA|place of learning
bread|condiments|IsA|type of food
film|cabinet|IsA|form of entertainment
bathroom|cage|IsA|natural thing
boredom|headache|MadeOf|golden
office|concert|CapableOf|have people  inside
desk|speaker|IsA|inanimate object
restaurant|stadium|UsedFor|washing
market|ground|HasProperty|used at meal time
aquarium|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
wedding|convention|IsA|part of a human
car|basement|IsA|place to pray
countryside|michigan|IsA|living thing
canada|building|IsA|country
peanuts|universe|UsedFor|containing objects
ocean|harbor|IsA|physical item 
drugstore|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
pocket|jar|HasA|function
bar|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
moon|air|AtLocation|at a home
hallway|sky|IsA|car
bridge|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
color|dinner|IsA|part media
valley|river|HasA|water
pocket|store|UsedFor|living
airport|office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
store|warehouse|IsA|private space
house|stadium|IsA|place of learning
backyard|outdoors|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
case|cabinet|IsA|form of entertainment
stress|defeat|IsA|positive card
excavation|canada|UsedFor|digging 
lemur|dictionary|IsA|animal or book
table|furniture|HasProperty|found in a house
love|drinking|IsA|verb
confession|supermarket|HasA|ticket box usually
restaurant|yard|IsA|place people work and live
inside|bed|IsA|place or location
cave|building|UsedFor|reading books
trauma|crying|HasProperty|linked to food
car|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
street|yard|IsA|state
refrigerator|cabinet|IsA|object
church|suit|UsedFor|learning
jar|change|IsA|thing you have on person
table|shelf|CapableOf|show you time
garage|attic|IsA|place
college|hotel|UsedFor|washing
office|corner|AtLocation|inside someone's home
house|meeting|HasProperty|material
ocean|plants|MadeOf|natural materials
montana|opera|HasProperty|an event
street|water|IsA|place
continent|ocean|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
sky|desk|PartOf|building a house
clothing|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
bathroom|party|HasA|usually have people inside
music|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
closet|clouds|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
restaurant|food|AtLocation|in a house
office|computer|UsedFor|housing
cave|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
computer|woods|HasProperty|a room
river|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
battle|factory|IsA|nation symbol
city|street|AtLocation|inside a house
backyard|playground|IsA|place you visit often
building|person|CapableOf|be attended
discipline|motion|HasProperty|tiring
auditorium|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
circus|montana|IsA|place or location
field|leaves|PartOf|nature
telephone|radio|IsA|electronic device
love|wall|IsA|business
table|bread|IsA|location or room
medium|sink|IsA|physical item 
manual|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
mexico|america|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
dishwasher|outside|AtLocation|on the map
supermarket|internet|HasProperty|alive
joy|boredom|CapableOf|be physically touched
trees|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
soup|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
house|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
countryside|neighborhood|IsA|place where you can live
office|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
greenhouse|garage|IsA|building
corner|apartment|HasProperty|able to be entered
earth|apartment|HasProperty|an event
picture|mountain|MadeOf|plastic
field|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
glass|soup|IsA|physical item 
party|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
house|bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
problems|pain|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
furniture|bed|PartOf|house
paper|briefcase|HasA|walls
desk|hospital|IsA|study room
mansion|buildings|UsedFor|living inside of
case|microwave|IsA|form of entertainment
snore|sleep|PartOf|house
mexico|garden|AtLocation|outside
map|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
sunbathers|desktop|HasProperty|hot
shelf|bottle|HasA|plug or power source
school|box|CapableOf|be eaten
coats|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
boredom|allergies|MadeOf|nature
air|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
clouds|jail|IsA|product that people buy
ground|carpet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
store|ocean|IsA|place to live
prison|india|CapableOf|be read
airport|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
instruction|inspiration|IsA|emotion
home|university|CapableOf|have people  inside
park|house|HasProperty|1 syllable
pond|beach|AtLocation|outside
hospital|wires|IsA|list of alphabets
bathroom|church|HasA|multiple rooms
newspaper|city|CapableOf|be parked on
bar|telephone|HasProperty|a property 
opera|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
lamp|hospital|IsA|study room
store|food|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
bank|russia|MadeOf|paper
valley|street|AtLocation|inside a house
garden|plants|HasProperty|found in a home
attic|garage|IsA|animal
work|yard|AtLocation|on a map
neighborhood|china|HasProperty|a location
light|beach|UsedFor|serving food
refrigerator|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
cellar|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of building
floor|river|IsA|place or location
outside|cupboard|HasProperty|found below ground level
computer|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
refrigerator|cupboard|IsA|place to make food
hotel|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
game|class|IsA|place people can meet
teacher|store|IsA|place where students learn
bedroom|porch|PartOf|house
rug|store|IsA|private space
florida|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
discipline|effort|HasProperty|tiring
opera|program|IsA|physical and movable item
outside|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
sunbathers|desktop|IsA|place
headache|boredom|MadeOf|golden
bowl|table|IsA|location
bed|garage|IsA|place
sink|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
fulfillment|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
confusion|class|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
cabinet|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
city|town|IsA|something you can own
box|case|CapableOf|be held in your hands
confusion|person|IsA|action
doctor|shop|UsedFor|cooling
desktop|cabinet|IsA|place of learning
school|opera|CapableOf|be heard
roof|box|PartOf|natural landscape
forest|air|IsA|animal
park|pond|IsA|living/once living
corner|kitchen|IsA|place to store items
grape|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
convention|theater|IsA|place
street|driveway|IsA|state
drawer|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
passageway|cave|HasA|airplanes
pain|crying|IsA|positive thing
laugh|concert|HasProperty|a type of property
magazines|floor|IsA|room or building
beer|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
trouble|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
briefcase|paper|IsA|place of learning
town|synagogue|IsA|place or location
fun|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
garage|house|UsedFor|cooking
person|building|CapableOf|be attended
restaurant|bar|CapableOf|treat illness and disease
india|florida|CapableOf|be read
office|conference|IsA|room in a house
water|moon|HasA|pipe system attached
person|demonstration|IsA|sound
desk|library|IsA|necessity for education
hospital|building|IsA|item of clothing
discovery|understanding|UsedFor|seeking an answer
dishes|kitchen|CapableOf|be used for school
television|junk|IsA|place
box|bag|IsA|structure or building
roof|ground|AtLocation|at floor level
pantry|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
countryside|field|IsA|stone
ground|california|IsA|place where people live
ficus|home|IsA|place where people live
newspaper|subdivision|UsedFor|expanding development
castle|detroit|CapableOf|move freely
yard|playground|IsA|place to grow plants
floor|drawer|AtLocation|in home
garden|backyard|CapableOf|be man made
soup|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
safe|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
yard|roof|HasProperty|man made
house|church|HasProperty|a place where people sing
backyard|building|IsA|place to grow plants
park|outside|IsA|location
encyclopedia|knowledge|HasA|screen
notebook|meeting|IsA|building
fingernails|street|IsA|bodypart
restaurant|garden|AtLocation|outside
magazines|corner|UsedFor|furniture
utensils|dust|IsA|made of wood
briefcase|museum|UsedFor|reading
school|library|IsA|location
trauma|embarrassment|IsA|something a baby could have
motion|exercising|AtLocation|on the body
refrigerator|groceries|UsedFor|storing things in
fly|burrow|IsA|activity 
jar|cup|AtLocation|in a house
museum|hallway|UsedFor|urination
funeral|city|UsedFor|music
death|sleeping|IsA|feeling
boat|office|HasProperty|found in a house
like|drinking|IsA|verb
corner|desktop|UsedFor|storage
space|container|AtLocation|public area
backpack|trash|MadeOf|wood
field|thinking|IsA|place to study
cupboard|bowl|AtLocation|inside a house
pain|suffering|UsedFor|manifesting joy
paint|corner|UsedFor|storage
anger|punch|IsA|noun
smiles|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
soup|market|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
building|garden|UsedFor|storing stuffs
lightning|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
supermarket|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
key|theater|UsedFor|living
entertaining|celebrating|IsA|verb
garage|door|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
home|ground|AtLocation|in the united states
city|town|UsedFor|milking cows
magazines|magazine|UsedFor|reading 
country|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
temple|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
trunk|safe|CapableOf|be lived in
carnival|bathroom|CapableOf|be heard
ocean|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
snow|mountains|HasProperty|cold
telephone|radio|AtLocation|on/in the human body
disneyland|outside|IsA|room
shock|sorrow|PartOf|mental disorder
safe|dinner|IsA|place to study
fish|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
information|safe|HasProperty|a meal
warehouse|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
michigan|trash|MadeOf|wood
anxiety|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
shop|lamp|HasProperty|1 syllable
ground|windowsill|HasA|head
sugar|disneyland|IsA|room
peanuts|carnival|UsedFor|storage
shelf|product|CapableOf|be touched
manual|balloon|IsA|product that people buy
russia|heaven|UsedFor|food
vaccines|sleeping|IsA|feeling
warehouse|store|AtLocation|inside a person's home
chair|bedroom|AtLocation|in a house
sun|nature|IsA|car
nightmares|sleeping|HasProperty|negative in human sense
cabinet|desk|UsedFor|storage
backpack|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
body|apartment|HasProperty|an event
desert|driveway|IsA|state
desert|countryside|HasProperty|a location
rain|air|IsA|car
garage|palace|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
cupboard|museum|IsA|place to store items
floor|sink|IsA|furniture 
earth|opera|IsA|place you buy food
suburbs|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
drawer|bed|IsA|wooden object 
class|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
store|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
television|books|AtLocation|on a shelf
house|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
book|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
balloon|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
bubblegum|street|UsedFor|living
sun|sea|HasProperty|hot
yard|pond|IsA|living/once living
store|roof|IsA|place where you can stand
park|rug|AtLocation|inside a house
trouble|chair|HasProperty|an animal
lamp|opera|UsedFor|work
street|pool|UsedFor|transportation
library|school|AtLocation|indoors
park|backyard|CapableOf|be man made
problems|crying|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
vase|flowers|IsA|something kept at home
desert|books|IsA|american state
cabinet|wallet|IsA|dish
lights|building|UsedFor|travel
trash|field|HasA|first letter b
shelf|bathroom|MadeOf|metal
building|passageway|IsA|place to live
skyscraper|hallway|AtLocation|on a map
windowsill|clouds|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
sun|hope|HasProperty|found in the house
cat|sleep|AtLocation|in home
aquarium|valley|HasA|water
london|town|IsA|something you can own
garbage|attic|IsA|store items
backyard|building|IsA|place people work and live
snore|attic|HasProperty|an animal
hotel|funeral|IsA|part of the body
table|chair|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
discovery|lightning|IsA|colorful
marmoset|trees|IsA|place
dentist|table|UsedFor|cooling
porch|refrigerator|IsA|place to make food
bed|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
encyclopedia|newspaper|IsA|physical tangible object
countryside|forest|IsA|natural thing
ceiling|newspaper|HasA|use electricity
library|college|HasA|pool
park|town|AtLocation|outside
fear|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
leaves|street|AtLocation|outside
wilderness|house|IsA|place or location to visit
dream|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
dishwasher|film|IsA|something you eat off
trouble|room|MadeOf|living parts
classroom|apartment|IsA|room in a property
montana|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
problems|remembering|PartOf|mental disorder
moon|toilet|CapableOf|can you drink it
happiness|fun|IsA|n emotion
butterflies|action|CapableOf|cause pain
park|battle|IsA|person
montana|town|HasProperty|part of a human
hope|chair|MadeOf|energy
cave|freeway|IsA|business
ground|forest|HasProperty|man made
convention|conference|HasProperty|an event
india|city|IsA|place
playground|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
apartment|skin|IsA|place
city|montana|IsA|place where you can live
sink|street|UsedFor|transportation
fox|mountains|IsA|country or state name
people|office|IsA|place of religion
suit|church|UsedFor|learning
office|closet|IsA|building
shoes|table|AtLocation|inside a house
car|town|HasProperty|a type of home
contemplating|fear|IsA|emotion
supermarket|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
passageway|freeway|IsA|business
box|cup|UsedFor|indoor activities
house|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
container|jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
smiles|fun|IsA|activity
laughter|embarrassment|IsA|reaction
building|park|IsA|country
party|closet|AtLocation|on the map
cellar|closet|PartOf|house
lamp|building|UsedFor|reading books
hospital|airport|UsedFor|borrowing books
garage|house|HasProperty|a room
arboretum|garage|HasProperty|where someone can live
woods|house|IsA|room in a property
container|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
dinner|safe|UsedFor|studying
toilet|kitchen|AtLocation|in a building
mess|house|AtLocation|with water
bedroom|backyard|UsedFor|cooking food
windowsill|street|HasProperty|hot
cut|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
desk|cupboard|IsA|piece of furniture
dictionary|shelf|IsA|necessity for education
box|windowsill|IsA|living thing
reflection|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
building|school|CapableOf|have a street address
desktop|office|IsA|n electronic device
food|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
plants|garden|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
restaurant|apartment|UsedFor|storage
refrigerator|cupboard|CapableOf| be moved
shelf|desktop|UsedFor|washing or cooking
anger|injuries|IsA|positive card
building|garage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
restaurant|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
floor|table|UsedFor|furnishing a house
plants|garden|HasProperty|found in a home
war|opera|CapableOf|be heard
fox|oklahoma|IsA|us state
computer|desktop|AtLocation|in the living room
closet|office|UsedFor|a holiday
frisbee|park|PartOf|house
table|library|IsA|necessity for education
supermarket|skin|IsA|place
joy|talk|IsA|action
rock|ground|IsA|living/once living
trees|park|IsA|nation
container|pocket|IsA|piece of furniture
like|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
desk|conference|IsA|type of room
sun|city|IsA|place
apartment|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
air|park|IsA|part of nature
church|school|HasProperty|a place where people sing
puddle|garage|UsedFor|transportation
bedroom|outside|IsA|animal
food|bowl|AtLocation|in a home
school|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
music|class|CapableOf|be heard
stuff|coffee|IsA|furniture
rock|countryside|HasProperty|in a cold climate
chair|office|AtLocation|in a house
junk|nature|IsA|store items
lamp|store|IsA|place to live
clothing|newspaper|CapableOf|store
countryside|backyard|IsA|nation
desktop|telephone|IsA|electronic device
rug|cup|AtLocation|inside a house
desk|floor|PartOf|building a house
garage|drawer|IsA|store items
depression|problems|IsA|negative thing
marmoset|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
bay|pond|HasA|water
trauma|depression|HasProperty|linked to food
trauma|money|PartOf|mental disorder
temple|airplane|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
boat|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
cabinet|table|IsA|piece of furniture
trash|trunk|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
demonstration|office|HasProperty|able to be entered
class|thinking|IsA|part media
clothes|house|MadeOf|wood
stretch|effort|HasProperty|usually fast
pool|glass|UsedFor|transportation
box|cupboard|MadeOf|plastic
jar|sink|HasProperty|a building
oven|jar|HasA|empty space in it
action|bubblegum|CapableOf|hold objects
theater|cinema|UsedFor|putting on a show
restaurant|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
beach|town|IsA|country
classroom|school|UsedFor|learning
puddle|river|UsedFor|transportation
library|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
floor|cat|IsA|store items
radio|closet|IsA|place for clothes
air|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
house|shop|IsA|ground where child play
michigan|forest|IsA|living thing
oklahoma|louisiana|HasA|start with a
vase|table|IsA|place or location
movies|unemployment|IsA|drink
floor|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
attic|shed|IsA|place to pray
cabinet|table|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
cabinet|garden|UsedFor|writing in
fear|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
outside|tree|UsedFor|throwing
pond|woods|IsA|living/once living
city|minnesota|IsA|building
restaurant|stamps|UsedFor|storage
exchange|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
park|ocean|MadeOf|natural materials
information|manual|HasProperty|singular
park|outdoors|IsA|country
television|newspaper|IsA|physical tangible object
marmoset|colorado|IsA|activity 
park|outside|MadeOf|natural materials
pride|frustration|IsA|feeling
tree|store|IsA|animal
movie|game|HasA|person stood at the front
forest|creek|IsA|natural thing
trash|newspaper|IsA|something kept a home
school|building|UsedFor|a holiday
cupboard|pantry|HasA|ceiling
kitchen|school|IsA|place or location to visit
air|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
house|hospital|PartOf|the human body
desk|light|IsA|piece of furniture
pantry|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
confusion|person|PartOf|building
laughter|celebrating|IsA|activity
kitchen|bowl|UsedFor|storage
shelf|shop|CapableOf|cook
flowers|table|IsA|place or location
cupboard|groceries|HasA|roof
museum|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
school|aircraft|UsedFor|pooping
apartment|motel|CapableOf|hold people against their will
anxiety|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
table|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
coffee|utensils|IsA|furniture
pond|park|CapableOf|be man made
america|marmoset|IsA|state
entertaining|smiles|IsA|activity
city|country|HasProperty|human made
wilderness|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
garden|table|MadeOf|glass
restaurant|supermarket|IsA|food
mind|good|CapableOf|be heard
park|auditorium|IsA| event
hospital|passageway|IsA|item of clothing
forest|desert|HasProperty|related to water falling
agreement|crying|IsA|emotion
drawer|microwave|IsA|something found in a household
excitement|happiness|IsA|verb
shelf|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
floor|store|HasProperty|an object
airport|airplane|CapableOf|fly
magazine|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
embarrassment|nightmares|IsA|negative thing
bathroom|apartment|CapableOf|be opened/closed
theater|car|HasProperty|a type of home
freeway|passageway|IsA|business
michigan|nest|CapableOf|fly
drawer|backpack|IsA|furniture 
books|ontario|IsA|american state
anxiety|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
clothing|home|UsedFor|cooling
home|doctor|CapableOf|store
opera|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
encyclopedia|cage|MadeOf|water
airport|corner|HasProperty|able to be entered
street|bearing|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
thinking|lightning|IsA|colorful
trees|town|UsedFor|swimming
grape|potatoes|IsA|sweet or savory
butterflies|discovery|CapableOf|fly
building|forest|IsA|place people work and live
couch|garden|MadeOf|wood
university|safe|IsA|part media
plate|stuff|IsA|place
pain|shock|HasProperty|typically positive
office|hallway|AtLocation|in your company
freeway|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
rock|roof|IsA|stone
sweetness|punch|IsA|noun
mansion|apartment|IsA|location
bedroom|hallway|IsA|room in a house
boxes|sugar|IsA|room in a building
basement|hallway|IsA|type of room
food|action|IsA|emotion
controversy|communication|IsA|feeling
can|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
yard|park|IsA|place to grow plants
bicycle|shed|IsA|place to pray
fulfillment|humiliation|IsA|emotion
beach|disneyland|HasA|sand 
continent|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
encyclopedia|thinking|HasProperty|related to studying
exhaustion|allergies|CapableOf|be physically touched
case|table|MadeOf|plastic
town|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
stupid|car|IsA|emotion
wall|ceiling|MadeOf|paper
clothes|closet|MadeOf|food
tears|punch|IsA|noun
container|jar|IsA|school supply
country|continent|CapableOf|be walked on
sky|ocean|CapableOf|fly
automobile|safe|CapableOf|store a car
apartment|house|UsedFor|sitting on
park|town|IsA|place people work and live
laughter|learning|IsA|something considered as positive
desktop|office|IsA|place of learning
austria|mountain|MadeOf|rocks
program|computer|MadeOf|wood
mail|funeral|IsA|room in a home
shock|problems|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
sink|water|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
freeway|seaside|IsA|place
pain|suffering|IsA|negative feeling
closet|party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
club|movie|AtLocation|in a building
supermarket|bowl|IsA|food
newspaper|safe|IsA|physical tangible object
butterflies|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
shelf|desk|MadeOf|wood
apartment|opera|IsA|commercial browser
television|desktop|IsA|n electronic device
desk|table|MadeOf|wood
store|trunk|UsedFor|to keep items
television|bed|AtLocation|in home
playground|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
aggression|stress|IsA|positive card
opera|theater|IsA|commercial browser
newspaper|book|IsA|physical tangible object
cupboard|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
choir|mouth|IsA|tv show
rug|house|IsA|a animal
apartment|montana|IsA|place or location
supermarket|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
table|floor|MadeOf|food
picture|pennsylvania|MadeOf|plastic
room|party|IsA|product that people buy
meeting|internet|HasProperty|a publication
motel|wedding|UsedFor|overnight stays
food|oven|HasA|store edible items
neighborhood|house|CapableOf|be parked on
furniture|garage|HasProperty|an animal
inside|college|UsedFor|happiness
bathtub|window|MadeOf|wood
city|yard|AtLocation|in your company
cabinet|teacher|IsA|place people can visit
hospital|hotel|IsA|list of alphabets
valley|churchyard|IsA|country or state
refrigerator|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
television|school|IsA|part of the body
ocean|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
store|spoon|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
rain|ground|HasProperty|white
park|allergies|MadeOf|pause
park|crowd|IsA| event
farm|town|HasProperty|a workplace
case|film|IsA|something you eat off
encyclopedia|thinking|IsA|part media
california|canada|UsedFor|work
wilderness|forest|IsA|proper noun
container|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
street|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
clouds|closet|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
yard|trees|IsA|place to grow plants
cat|backyard|UsedFor|cooking food
synagogue|person|IsA|sound
fun|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
sweat|death|CapableOf|hurt
laughter|suffering|IsA|negative feeling
television|park|IsA|event
stadium|house|UsedFor|pooping
theater|supermarket|UsedFor|living
outside|closet|AtLocation|inside a house
hairbrush|roof|IsA|place to sleep
library|corner|IsA|ground where child play
city|country|IsA|place
contemplating|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
car|utensils|HasProperty|an object
town|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
bathroom|gate|HasA|airplanes
hospital|library|CapableOf|have a street address
ocean|soup|UsedFor|transportation
cup|box|AtLocation|on the map
argument|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
bed|window|HasProperty|found in a house
container|paper|UsedFor|carrying things
playground|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
store|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
container|pantry|UsedFor|storage
restaurant|food|IsA|type of room
kitchen|table|IsA|room
picture|mountain|MadeOf|rocks
clothes|backpack|MadeOf|food
montana|town|UsedFor|learning
government|city|IsA|concept or place
laughter|love|HasProperty|a positive emotion
lemur|cage|MadeOf|paper
government|trouble|CapableOf|place
garden|electricity|UsedFor|work
factory|library|IsA|place
happiness|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
sea|ocean|AtLocation|inland
newspaper|head|IsA|place for students
trees|pond|IsA|place people work and live
thinking|information|IsA|physical tangible object
refrigerator|pot|IsA|place to make food
home|classroom|CapableOf|move location
house|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
ballpark|front|IsA|reply to a question
ballpark|outdoors|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
table|encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
shop|table|CapableOf|store
desert|forest|IsA|type of land
table|dishwasher|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
canada|playground|IsA|country
earth|church|HasProperty|an event
trees|garden|UsedFor|children to play
market|shelf|UsedFor|storing items
landfill|field|UsedFor|playing
farmyard|bathroom|IsA|object
sleep|remembering|MadeOf|wood
revelations|contemplating|UsedFor|driving
bathroom|bowl|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
house|countryside|IsA|place where you can live
pot|porch|IsA|place to make food
relaxation|pride|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
homes|skyscraper|CapableOf|move freely
indiana|canada|UsedFor|work
refrigerator|stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
punch|field|MadeOf|one syllable
city|london|HasProperty|a workplace
skyscraper|work|IsA|country or state
cellar|closet|CapableOf|part  of a household
countryside|pond|IsA|place to grow plants
house|clothes|MadeOf|wood
embarrassment|depression|IsA|positive thing
skyscraper|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
freeway|seaside|CapableOf|be read
outside|court|IsA|in a home
inspiration|shock|IsA|emotion
desk|case|UsedFor|storage
manual|meeting|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
cabinet|groceries|CapableOf|be moved around
office|desktop|IsA|study room
restaurant|chocolate|IsA|event
floor|glass|UsedFor|food
class|encyclopedia|HasA|screen
suffering|sweetness|UsedFor|punish
florida|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
city|seaside|IsA|proper noun
computer|library|IsA|ground where child play
ficus|ground|IsA|looks like house
garbage|toronto|HasProperty|an animal
cupboard|utensils|MadeOf|plastic
bowl|plate|IsA|dish
container|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
attic|corner|IsA|place in a house
fox|picture|IsA|natural scenario
happiness|enjoyment|IsA|verb
ground|roof|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
attic|fun|IsA|place to pray
information|thinking|IsA|physical tangible object
carnival|road|UsedFor|travel
synagogue|desk|UsedFor|praying
lights|concert|UsedFor|music
basement|warehouse|IsA|place
corner|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
opera|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
playground|beach|AtLocation|outside
restaurant|market|IsA|food
newspaper|television|IsA|physical tangible object
shock|knowledge|PartOf|mental disorder
cave|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
park|church|IsA|place people go for fun
pot|kitchens|IsA|place for entertainment
trouble|sleep|HasProperty|an animal
desires|erections|CapableOf|hurt
store|key|UsedFor|living
hotel|porch|UsedFor|studying in
countryside|garden|IsA|animal
television|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
town|cinema|UsedFor| gathering together
forest|building|IsA|nation
school|box|IsA|event
apartment|backpack|IsA|furniture
museum|desktop|UsedFor|communication
restaurant|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
vase|pocket|CapableOf|be held with one hand
thinking|head|UsedFor|studying
elevator|computer|IsA|physical and movable item
snore|cat|PartOf|house
home|doorway|UsedFor|travel
joy|park|MadeOf|pause
controversy|sorrow|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
sleeping|dreams|HasProperty|related to sleep
school|war|CapableOf|be heard
dentist|floor|UsedFor|cooling
book|meeting|IsA|place for students
outside|desktop|UsedFor|storage
clouds|closet|CapableOf|make sounds
program|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
bedroom|ceiling|CapableOf|be painted
street|neighborhood|IsA|state
backpack|cupboard|CapableOf|be eaten
trunk|bar|MadeOf|metal
wallet|bowl|IsA|something found in a household
apartment|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
floor|garage|IsA|store items
wall|table|IsA|place to store items
tree|park|IsA|part of nature
dust|trunk|IsA|1 syllable word
doctor|magazines|CapableOf|store
universe|countryside|IsA|place or location to visit
trash|disneyland|IsA|building
demonstration|library|HasProperty|a public place
tropics|garden|IsA|location
box|ballpark|IsA|reply to a question
cage|countryside|IsA|living thing
dust|car|IsA|1 syllable word
restaurant|class|HasA|person stood at the front
university|head|UsedFor|studying
desk|plate|MadeOf|wood
empathy|fulfillment|IsA|activity
river|valley|IsA|man made
water|box|IsA|mode of transportation
table|backpack|IsA|furniture 
knowledge|class|UsedFor|studying
hallway|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
chair|garbage|HasProperty|an animal
computer|house|IsA|study room
wedding|earth|UsedFor|buying food
listening|entertaining|IsA|emotion
yard|outside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
texas|mexico|IsA|state
hospital|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
trees|roof|IsA|stone
switzerland|asia|IsA|location
airport|house|IsA|item of clothing
refrigerator|bedroom|CapableOf|be found in a house
building|lamp|UsedFor|a holiday
contemplating|discovery|IsA|colorful
street|harbor|IsA|physical item 
thinking|field|IsA|place to study
peanuts|pot|UsedFor|storage
plate|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
nature|junk|HasProperty|an animal
satisfaction|relaxation|IsA|mental state
cupboard|box|CapableOf|be eaten
park|store|UsedFor|education
death|blood|HasA|exterior walls
school|college|UsedFor|studying in
disneyland|seattle|IsA|shoe
laughter|like|IsA|physical emotion
california|home|IsA|place people live
joy|fun|IsA|action
pool|medium|UsedFor|transportation
cage|commercial|MadeOf|water
porch|chair|AtLocation|in a house
rain|desert|HasProperty|associated with the environment
kitchen|cup|CapableOf|be consumed
money|change|HasProperty|to do with currency
chair|human|IsA|place where you can visit
encyclopedia|dictionary|CapableOf|be used virtually 
disneyland|table|IsA|dish
skin|wedding|IsA|place
valley|sea|HasA|water
farmyard|field|PartOf|a house/home
universe|hole|IsA|animal or book
wedding|conference|HasProperty|an event
street|action|IsA|thing you have on person
trouble|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
kitchen|universe|PartOf|wood
shelf|house|UsedFor|to keep items
refrigerator|bread|IsA|public place
book|books|IsA|place
wilderness|woods|IsA|place
commercial|lake|IsA|place
contemplating|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
sleep|nature|HasProperty|a household item
street|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
sun|canada|IsA|place
doctor|airport|IsA|physical item 
snore|sleep|AtLocation|in home
dirt|ground|MadeOf|organic brown matter
bowl|refrigerator|CapableOf| be moved
glass|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
room|church|HasProperty|a place where people sing
sink|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
television|newspaper|HasA|letter e in it
backpack|stuff|MadeOf|wood
clouds|ground|HasProperty|found inside a house
tears|drinking|IsA|verb
television|encyclopedia|IsA|place for students
ocean|bridge|CapableOf|can you drink it
sink|ocean|MadeOf|organic material
enemies|sweat|HasA|physical element
lightning|pride|IsA|emotion
can|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
cupboard|museum|MadeOf|wood
butterflies|food|IsA|emotion
commercial|countryside|IsA|animal or book
car|alcohol|IsA|product that people buy
shop|library|IsA|room or building
store|bathtub|UsedFor|decoration
fox|outside|PartOf|natural scenario
palace|bathroom|HasA|roof
field|farmyard|IsA|object
cabinet|wallet|UsedFor|storage
desktop|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
theater|crowd|IsA| event
action|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
lake|sky|MadeOf|trees
library|toilet|MadeOf|bricks
birds|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
wallet|theater|UsedFor|living
playground|beach|IsA|place people work and live
house|countryside|HasProperty|a location
ocean|forest|PartOf|natural landscape
embarrassment|agreement|IsA|emotion
house|table|PartOf|admin role
clouds|manual|IsA|product that people buy
corner|garage|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
yard|playground|IsA|place people work and live
trash|funeral|IsA|room in a home
theater|money|UsedFor|living
embarrassment|crying|IsA|emotion
supermarket|apartment|IsA|place or location
lemur|bank|AtLocation|in home
class|war|CapableOf|be heard
driveway|desert|IsA|state
dentist|doctor|CapableOf|store
table|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
jail|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
house|gymnasium|HasA|roof
disneyland|snow|IsA|type of place
briefcase|pocket|UsedFor|reading
rosebush|canada|PartOf|house
persia|bedroom|HasA|legs
bottle|sink|MadeOf|wood
dishwasher|wallet|UsedFor|storage
glass|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
kitchen|corner|HasProperty|a public place
dishwasher|disneyland|IsA|place to make food
smiles|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
bird|cat|HasA|animal
cabinet|pocket|IsA|building
ceiling|wall|MadeOf|paper
wood|lumberyard|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
office|paper|UsedFor|storage
street|neighborhood|HasProperty|a country
punch|suffering|IsA|emotion
wilderness|bird|IsA|natural thing
movement|motion|HasProperty|tiring
happiness|suffering|UsedFor|punish
burrow|france|IsA|home
building|forest|HasA|properties of any kind
encyclopedia|color|HasProperty|a meal
park|car|AtLocation|on the map
suburbs|forest|IsA|place
stuff|box|IsA|1 syllable word
supermarket|cellar|IsA|food
wilderness|forest|CapableOf|be read
michigan|forest|CapableOf|fly
clothing|table|IsA|room or building
nightmares|depression|IsA|positive thing
hospital|house|CapableOf|have a street address
sink|bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
stomach|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
forest|park|IsA|country
bathroom|skyscraper|PartOf|house 
hospital|airport|CapableOf|have a street address
porch|pot|IsA|place to make food
purse|jar|UsedFor|living
inspiration|depression|IsA|negative feeling
bathroom|car|HasProperty|a gathering place
michigan|ocean|IsA|living thing
jar|hotel|IsA|event
basement|building|IsA|physical and movable item
countryside|ground|IsA|animal
suffering|anger|IsA|noun
corner|wall|AtLocation|indoors
greenhouse|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
cupboard|store|CapableOf|be opened/closed
entertaining|listening|IsA|emotion
backpack|glass|HasProperty|furniture
garden|building|MadeOf|water
plants|ground|UsedFor|children to play
table|house|UsedFor|storage
field|dinner|IsA|place to study
greenhouse|windowsill|HasA|green plant
restaurant|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
carrots|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
accomplishment|effort|IsA|positive card
battle|factory|IsA|country
school|hotel|IsA|place to live
television|computer|AtLocation|inside someone's home
vacuum|closet|PartOf|wood
cup|kitchen|CapableOf|store things
church|car|PartOf|house
michigan|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bathroom|bedroom|IsA|room in a house
lightning|happiness|IsA|colorful
earth|montana|HasProperty|part of a human
table|shelf|AtLocation|indoors
america|region|MadeOf|water
stretch|discipline|AtLocation|on the body
factory|aircraft|IsA|country
supermarket|cupboard|CapableOf|be moved around
bed|dentist|IsA|room or building
pond|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
store|restaurant|AtLocation|in a house
trees|building|CapableOf|be part of a house
dance|opera|CapableOf|be heard
supermarket|apartment|HasProperty|part of a human
europe|game|UsedFor|learning
kitchen|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
subdivision|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
happiness|enjoyment|HasProperty|an emotion
tent|synagogue|IsA|place you buy food
university|class|IsA|part media
lamp|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
like|smiles|IsA|activity
trunk|bottle|IsA|place for entertainment
apartment|garage|IsA|building
motel|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
bedroom|table|UsedFor|work
wedding|park|CapableOf|be eaten
apartment|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
like|enjoyment|HasProperty|an emotion
bathtub|kitchen|UsedFor|reading
room|basement|IsA|car
world|region|IsA|continent
snow|marmoset|HasA|car
clouds|television|IsA|place for clothes
opera|apartment|IsA|place
lightning|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
opera|person|IsA|action
kitchen|bedroom|UsedFor|work
basement|cabinet|HasProperty|found below ground level
town|pond|IsA|country
dust|attic|CapableOf|make sounds
montana|washington|IsA|american state
bed|closet|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
school|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
garden|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
can|bottle|UsedFor|storing things in
car|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
class|television|HasProperty|a meal
synagogue|town|IsA|place
region|world|IsA|continent
meeting|toilet|IsA|furniture
yard|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
mind|confusion|IsA|action
spoon|home|CapableOf|provide lunch for you
pain|problems|IsA|something a baby could have
knowledge|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
suburbs|forest|CapableOf|be read
shelf|can|HasA|plug or power source
box|jar|CapableOf|be watched
drawer|dust|MadeOf|wood
groceries|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
kitchen|bathroom|IsA|type of room
internet|television|UsedFor|news
bathroom|bedroom|HasProperty|mainly used for sleeping
california|ficus|IsA|place where people live
ficus|california|IsA|place where people live
lightning|discovery|CapableOf|fly
store|florida|IsA|place you can visit
water|nature|UsedFor|work
fun|car|AtLocation|within a building's structure
notes|inside|UsedFor|happiness
dinner|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
cupboard|house|UsedFor|cooking
notebook|paper|HasA|walls
magazine|jail|UsedFor|cooling
table|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
jail|dentist|CapableOf|provide a service
mouth|person|IsA|human or part of human
montana|synagogue|IsA|place or location
garage|cat|IsA|place
bathroom|party|IsA|building
library|dentist|CapableOf|store
dust|outside|HasA|opening or door
hotel|library|IsA|place of learning
desk|people|UsedFor|praying
money|store|CapableOf|keeping cash
shelf|dinner|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
homes|michigan|IsA|country
restaurant|families|CapableOf|be eaten
dust|windowsill|IsA|place you can go
office|bedroom|HasProperty|able to be entered
dancing|tears|IsA|verb
refrigerator|museum|AtLocation|indoors
floor|car|IsA|made of wood
school|bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
persia|backyard|HasA|legs
canada|pennsylvania|HasProperty|a country
outside|roof|UsedFor|storage
restaurant|countryside|AtLocation|outside
cupboard|roof|CapableOf|be found in a house
apartment|bedroom|IsA|room
snore|nature|IsA|place
dishwasher|toilet|IsA|place to make food
snow|glass|IsA|vacation destination
movies|mouth|IsA|object
suburbs|montana|HasProperty|a location
pain|money|IsA|negative thing
table|shop|UsedFor|cooling
trouble|floor|IsA|place
dentist|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
library|homes|AtLocation|indoors
favors|tears|IsA|emotion
bed|attic|HasProperty|an animal
locker|cabinet|IsA|building
supermarket|table|UsedFor|storage
restaurant|europe|IsA|place people can meet
box|ballpark|HasA|to do with planets
disneyland|container|HasProperty|found below ground level
country|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
oven|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
vacuum|orbit|AtLocation|public area
creek|nature|IsA|natural thing
field|apartment|IsA|food
balloon|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
workplace|museum|IsA|place
boat|building|IsA|ceremony
restaurant|meeting|HasA|person stood at the front
basement|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
heaven|airport|PartOf|house 
junk|nature|HasProperty|an animal
discovery|lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
depression|controversy|IsA|negative thing
sink|dishes|IsA|furniture 
drawer|box|MadeOf|plastic
wallet|apartment|IsA|dish
soup|glass|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
shed|cellar|IsA|structure or building
village|ocean|AtLocation|in your company
heaven|bank|IsA|country
toilet|garage|CapableOf|cooking
boredom|allergies|MadeOf|golden
garage|apartment|HasA|fee to visit
house|dust|IsA|1 syllable word
car|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
pride|food|IsA|negative emotion
california|apartment|UsedFor|storing food
war|good|IsA|action
lamp|air|IsA|car
town|theater|IsA|place you buy food
garden|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
tile|mess|AtLocation|with water
table|shelf|UsedFor|holding things
bedroom|cabinet|CapableOf|be found in a house
furniture|television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
warehouse|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
countryside|china|IsA|state
lizard|encyclopedia|IsA|location
outside|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
street|landfill|UsedFor|farmers 
excitement|smiles|HasProperty|an emotion
container|table|IsA|location
building|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
maze|passageway|HasA|airplanes
telephone|hospital|IsA|list of alphabets
cup|kitchen|CapableOf|be consumed
people|circus|IsA|place of religion
mouth|jar|IsA|event
house|attic|UsedFor|mainly sleep
room|cellar|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
ocean|toilet|HasProperty|a building
swamp|trees|AtLocation|below
supermarket|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
lightning|discovery|IsA|colorful
subdivision|suburb|IsA|state
basement|sky|IsA|car
trouble|canada|IsA|concept or place
clothes|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
countryside|windowsill|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
disneyland|concert|HasA|ticket box usually
field|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
injuries|death|IsA|physical outcome
nebraska|town|IsA|business that serves food
home|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
home|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking food
discovery|food|IsA|colorful
utensils|cupboard|HasProperty|an object
song|mouth|IsA|electronic device
street|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
utensils|table|MadeOf|plastic
garage|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
sink|jar|CapableOf|store small items
market|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
bathroom|classroom|UsedFor|car repair
idaho|university|HasProperty|something you can touch
windowsill|beach|CapableOf|fly
trash|case|UsedFor|eating food off
pride|thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
desert|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
countryside|yard|CapableOf|be part of a house
tile|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
sleep|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
trash|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
library|theater|MadeOf|wood
television|candy|IsA|event
continent|country|IsA|specific place
trunk|house|HasProperty|an object
medium|car|IsA|physical item 
backpack|box|CapableOf|be held in your hands
drawer|car|IsA|1 syllable word
performing|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
shelf|dust|CapableOf|contain multiple people
universe|commercial|CapableOf|be read
dishes|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
orbit|universe|PartOf|wood
outside|shelf|IsA|place to store items
war|elevator|CapableOf|be performed
water|pool|CapableOf|be used as transport 
cabinet|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
newspaper|connection|HasA|use electricity
meeting|europe|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
game|throne|UsedFor|learning
heart|park|IsA|happy card
bathroom|cage|PartOf|physical structure
people|supermarket|UsedFor|buying food
building|hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
country|aquarium|HasProperty|human made
book|television|CapableOf|be held in your hand
town|driveway|MadeOf|sand
montana|desk|UsedFor|praying
office|passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
demonstration|shelf|IsA|type of shop
party|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
tent|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
restaurant|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
bathroom|toilet|AtLocation|in a building
refrigerator|bar|IsA|piece of furniture
town|supermarket|IsA|location
city|switzerland|IsA|animal
supermarket|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
desk|auditorium|IsA|religious card
restaurant|desktop|UsedFor|worship
defeat|sweat|IsA|positive card
minnesota|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
house|clothing|MadeOf|food
bread|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
floor|wedding|IsA|place or location
minnesota|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
bedroom|desktop|CapableOf|be found in a house
stress|aggression|IsA|positive card
table|pantry|IsA|furniture 
food|plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
ocean|pool|UsedFor|transportation
pantry|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
supermarket|box|CapableOf|be eaten
outdoors|restaurant|IsA|nation
trash|coffee|IsA|furniture
funeral|concert|CapableOf|have people physically in it
waterfall|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
church|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
park|disneyland|IsA|place or location
kitchen|vacuum|PartOf|wood
theater|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
india|australia|IsA|place
safe|head|PartOf|the human body
ground|refrigerator|HasProperty|where someone can live
trash|playground|UsedFor|farmers 
speaker|television|AtLocation|in office blocks
floor|garbage|AtLocation|in home
medium|garage|CapableOf|be used as transport 
elevator|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
country|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
cellar|basement|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
kitchen|mouse|AtLocation|inside a house
supermarket|car|HasProperty|associated with drinking
store|connection|IsA|public place
airport|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
summer|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
medium|river|UsedFor|transportation
germany|skate|PartOf|building
montana|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
meeting|television|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
clothing|clothes|UsedFor|storage
conference|mouth|PartOf|body
ocean|tree|MadeOf|natural materials
forest|ocean|IsA|living thing
wall|library|IsA|ceremony
sorrow|depression|IsA|negative thing
desert|garden|IsA|part of nature
garden|paper|HasProperty|sold in stores
park|party|IsA|n electronic device
front|universe|HasProperty|related to children
laughter|excitement|HasProperty|an emotion
hospital|office|IsA|item of clothing
floor|sky|PartOf|building a house
cupboard|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
snow|marmoset|IsA|n animal
kitchen|ceiling|IsA|place to sleep
hallway|office|AtLocation|indoors
tile|office|IsA|building
town|earth|UsedFor|learning
refrigerator|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
house|hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
field|lemur|IsA|country
forest|beach|HasA|properties of any kind
kitchen|shelf|UsedFor|storage
sink|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
food|television|IsA|public building
dinner|coffee|MadeOf|wood
balloon|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
shelf|vase|IsA|place
connection|company|IsA|public place
office|map|UsedFor|reading
table|condiments|IsA|location or room
dust|car|IsA|made of wood
plate|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
ocean|puddle|IsA|physical item 
city|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
control|trouble|IsA|organization 
state|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
cabinet|trash|UsedFor|eating
park|synagogue|IsA|place or location
sky|park|IsA|animal
families|television|IsA|event
nails|office|IsA|school supply
cat|floor|PartOf|house
outside|park|AtLocation|on the map
dreams|desires|IsA|physical object
america|africa|IsA|specific place
cat|garage|PartOf|house
dancing|learning|IsA|activity
container|funeral|IsA|structure or building
backpack|coffee|MadeOf|wood
wood|carpet|IsA|place or location
hole|drink|IsA|animal or book
suffering|crying|IsA|reaction
box|backpack|IsA|place
book|television|HasProperty|singular
knowledge|class|HasA|screen
sink|shelf|HasProperty|furniture
reflection|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
dinner|safe|PartOf|the human body
library|book|HasProperty|a meal
china|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
homes|heaven|CapableOf|move freely
house|desktop|UsedFor|work
sky|ceiling|PartOf|building a house
television|lamp|IsA|building
desk|bedroom|UsedFor|work
air|rain|IsA|type of place
africa|friend|IsA|specific place
classroom|paper|CapableOf|be worn
attic|basement|UsedFor|cooking
table|magazines|IsA|physical item 
field|color|IsA|place to study
information|university|IsA|part media
conference|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
suburb|town|HasProperty|a country
car|box|UsedFor|storage
field|safe|HasProperty|a meal
street|sea|IsA|place
universe|front|UsedFor|containing objects
tree|desert|IsA|part of nature
container|house|IsA|room in a building
office|ocean|IsA|place of religion
dishwasher|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
airport|office|IsA|place to live
pantry|dishwasher|IsA|furniture 
pool|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
bridge|ocean|CapableOf|store small items
desktop|house|IsA|study room
working|excitement|IsA|negative emotion
church|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
montana|tent|HasProperty|part of a human
wilderness|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
roof|nest|IsA|living thing
montana|desert|UsedFor|digging 
home|drugstore|IsA|specific part of a structure
countryside|india|IsA|place
embarrassment|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
newspaper|wall|HasA|use electricity
television|information|AtLocation|in a store
cage|india|IsA|animal
school|apartment|HasProperty|a building structure
furniture|building|UsedFor|reading
earth|synagogue|IsA|home
table|books|IsA|furniture 
motel|shoes|IsA|something you can own
clothing|jail|CapableOf|store
dictionary|classroom|IsA|necessity for education
roof|rug|IsA|building
loft|room|IsA|building
bedroom|shop|IsA|study room
neighborhood|town|CapableOf|be parked on
carpet|desk|UsedFor|sitting on
container|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
remembering|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
canada|park|UsedFor|work
wedding|cinema|HasProperty|a place expressly for singing
love|connection|HasA|use electricity
kitchen|house|IsA|animal or book
head|newspaper|PartOf|the human body
corner|ground|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
thinking|discovery|IsA|emotion
passageway|closet|UsedFor|reading books
inside|meeting|CapableOf|move
forest|trees|IsA|place people work and live
garage|closet|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
condiments|table|IsA|  place
rain|forest|HasProperty|associated with the environment
house|toilet|IsA|man made
like|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
loft|closet|IsA|structure or building
countryside|mexico|IsA|nature-related
controversy|park|IsA|feeling
desk|television|IsA|building
kitchen|museum|AtLocation|indoors
shed|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
doorway|bathroom|UsedFor|travel
depression|crying|HasProperty|linked to food
home|room|MadeOf|living parts
conference|garage|CapableOf|make a sound
chair|furniture|IsA|store items
suburbs|florida|CapableOf|be read
humiliation|empathy|IsA|emotion
toilet|bridge|PartOf|the galaxy
clothing|table|HasProperty|an object
castle|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
garbage|nature|HasProperty|an animal
inside|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
forest|nature|IsA|1 syllable word
park|yard|IsA|place to grow plants
map|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
house|museum|IsA|room
performing|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
television|choir|AtLocation|on/in the human body
garden|restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
company|microwave|HasA|use electricity
closet|church|AtLocation|within a building's structure
desert|beaver|IsA|location
backpack|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
case|table|UsedFor|storage
pocket|wallet|IsA|thing you have on person
town|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
opera|buildings|HasProperty|alive
wall|work|MadeOf|paper
landfill|ball|UsedFor|farmers 
candy|park|IsA|part of the body
entertainment|city|UsedFor|over night stays 
table|anthology|IsA|art-related item
pantry|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
toilet|restaurant|UsedFor|washing
rain|sky|AtLocation|at a home
teacher|backpack|UsedFor|writing
closet|mail|IsA|room in a home
favors|like|IsA|verb
cabinet|table|IsA|1 syllable word
corner|outside|IsA|continent
school|house|HasProperty|material
headache|exhaustion|CapableOf|be physically touched
shower|bottle|HasA|door
ceiling|picture|CapableOf|show you time
tent|church|IsA|place
apartment|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
restaurant|building|IsA|place to grow plants
control|country|IsA|object/thing
seattle|rain|AtLocation|at america
action|headache|IsA|positive state
snore|bed|HasProperty|a household item
case|apartment|UsedFor|storage
bathroom|roof|IsA|living thing
restaurant|supermarket|CapableOf| be moved
arctic|rain|IsA|popular attraction
dance|skate|PartOf|building
cave|closet|UsedFor|a holiday
field|table|HasA|edible items for sale
table|kitchen|IsA|type of food
alabama|fox|HasA|start with a
church|workplace|IsA|place you visit
hotel|train|IsA|tourist destination
class|bathroom|CapableOf|be heard
shock|problems|PartOf|mental disorder
attic|junk|IsA|animal
trash|warehouse|UsedFor|storing physical things
yard|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
stuff|trash|IsA|1 syllable word
bar|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
pond|building|IsA|nation
floor|furniture|HasProperty|an animal
lamp|basement|IsA|car
wedding|opera|UsedFor| gathering together
paperwork|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
backpack|trash|IsA|furniture
field|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
fatigue|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
hole|bank|MadeOf|paper
human|castle|CapableOf|fly
park|garden|PartOf|glass
closet|store|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
cabinet|cupboard|IsA|building
beach|windowsill|HasProperty|hot
beach|bathroom|IsA|living thing
song|mouth|IsA|tv show
cabinet|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
sleep|pleasure|IsA|emotion
jar|plate|AtLocation|in a house
bus|village|AtLocation|in your company
learning|dancing|IsA|associated to a positive experience
human|school|CapableOf|be lived in
house|air|HasProperty|white
school|battle|IsA|country
kitchen|bar|PartOf|business
storage|michigan|CapableOf|work
wedding|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
cupboard|mouse|AtLocation|inside a house
condiments|plate|HasA|store edible items
workplace|museum|IsA|type of building
jail|porch|IsA|room or building
forest|restaurant|AtLocation|outside
country|government|IsA|book
library|notes|CapableOf|move
knowing|depression|MadeOf|wood
apartment|store|CapableOf|be opened/closed
arizona|mexico|AtLocation|labeled on a map
crying|embarrassment|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
war|music|CapableOf|be heard
apartment|mansion|UsedFor| gathering together
computer|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
television|internet|UsedFor|news
bedroom|hallway|HasA|usually have people inside
stamps|stuff|IsA|1 syllable word
roof|outside|AtLocation|indoors
trauma|nightmares|IsA|negative thing
books|classroom|CapableOf|be used virtually 
internet|store|CapableOf|be alive
canada|excavation|UsedFor|digging 
demonstration|person|IsA|sound
attic|closet|IsA|place to pray
punch|field|IsA|emotion
store|trash|UsedFor|storing physical things
coats|closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
frisbee|plants|PartOf|house
apartment|books|IsA|furniture
beach|forest|IsA|nation
kitchen|hallway|CapableOf|be slept in
warehouse|closet|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
flowers|anthology|UsedFor|storing items
apartment|office|IsA|building
underground|france|AtLocation|below
movies|television|IsA|object
wilderness|marmoset|HasProperty|cold
restaurant|game|IsA|place people can meet
pantry|wall|CapableOf|be found in a house
apartment|classroom|UsedFor|student
museum|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
mexico|arizona|IsA|state
classroom|map|IsA|building
california|mountains|IsA|state in uk
theater|boat|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
inspiration|pain|IsA|emotion
nails|box|CapableOf|be eaten
conference|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
trees|mountains|HasA|car
garage|wall|IsA|place to store items
desk|attic|IsA|piece of furniture
stream|creek|MadeOf|water
arboretum|apartment|HasProperty|where someone can live
chair|sleep|IsA|place
beach|michigan|PartOf|natural landscape
kitchen|pantry|CapableOf|be used for school
windowsill|plants|UsedFor|at home
death|sweat|IsA|feeling
shock|pain|IsA|feeling/emotion
key|bubblegum|IsA|thing you have on person
desktop|atlas|HasA|walls
hospital|building|HasA|bed for sleeping
store|change|IsA|place to be entertained
concert|bedroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
boxes|warehouse|UsedFor|storing physical things
dust|television|HasProperty|known as dirty
dinner|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
restaurant|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
theater|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
ranch|stable|IsA|animal
bathtub|furniture|IsA|ceremony
shelf|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
rug|closet|AtLocation|on the map
portfolio|paper|UsedFor|reading
countryside|building|AtLocation|outside
store|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
anger|tension|IsA|positive card
backyard|mexico|IsA|place people work and live
discovery|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
cellar|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
refrigerator|cupboard|CapableOf|be found in a house
marmoset|wilderness|HasA|car
bridge|sink|MadeOf|organic material
countryside|field|IsA|natural product or man made
love|smiles|IsA|activity
trouble|government|CapableOf|place
trash|dinner|IsA|furniture
street|sun|IsA|car
knowledge|safe|HasProperty|a meal
loft|classroom|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
fight|defeat|IsA|positive card
money|knowledge|HasProperty|a physical item
dog|rug|UsedFor|indoor activities
purse|jar|CapableOf|be held in your hands
closet|cellar|CapableOf|part  of a household
field|trees|AtLocation|outside
carrots|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
dust|closet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
party|library|IsA|building
room|garage|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
cupboard|corner|AtLocation|indoors
information|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
wilderness|creek|IsA|natural thing
closet|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
windowsill|bank|UsedFor|holding things
table|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
thinking|dinner|UsedFor|studying
box|desk|UsedFor|eating
battle|church|IsA|person
texas|mountains|HasA|car
countryside|suburb|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
disneyland|kitchen|IsA|building
house|clothes|MadeOf|food
jail|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
suburb|yard|IsA|state
container|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
dust|desktop|UsedFor|storage of physical items
earth|church|IsA|place
nightmares|trauma|IsA|emotion
backyard|home|IsA|part of a property
closet|attic|HasProperty|found inside a house
garden|refrigerator|PartOf|kitchen
bottle|casino|IsA|place for entertainment
room|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
hospital|building|IsA|business
shelf|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
car|trunk|IsA|1 syllable word
roof|greenhouse|HasA|head
couch|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
sink|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
beach|pond|IsA|place people work and live
ceiling|basement|UsedFor|work
montana|town|HasA|buildings in it
orbit|space|AtLocation|public area
beach|forest|PartOf|natural landscape
container|refrigerator|CapableOf|store things
mouse|dishwasher|IsA|building
yard|store|IsA|animal
beer|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
school|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
motel|party|HasA|usually have people inside
enjoyment|entertaining|IsA|something specific
conference|wedding|UsedFor| gathering together
sadness|nostalgia|HasProperty|linked to food
rock|roof|IsA|natural or man made
dictionary|encyclopedia|MadeOf|water
cut|lightning|IsA|emotion
garage|bedroom|HasProperty|used for cooking in
ocean|water|IsA|man made
reflection|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
backpack|glass|IsA|furniture 
performing|thinking|IsA|emotion
apartment|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
coats|lamp|IsA|place to live
cup|table|AtLocation|inside a house
enjoyment|happiness|IsA|verb
cinema|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
street|jar|IsA|place to be entertained
money|bubblegum|HasA|function
forest|mountain|CapableOf|fly
car|water|PartOf|house
window|sink|IsA|furniture
problems|depression|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
supermarket|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
museum|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
fly|underground|IsA|place
closet|room|PartOf|house
monastery|imagination|IsA|place of religion
jar|box|IsA|event
apartment|office|AtLocation|with water
bowl|field|CapableOf|be sweet
theater|church|IsA|house where man live
roof|bathroom|PartOf|house
ball|street|UsedFor|farmers 
manual|library|CapableOf|be used virtually 
knowledge|inspiration|IsA|emotion
cinema|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
tennessee|barnyard|MadeOf|country
product|market|HasProperty|used at meal time
nostalgia|crying|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
university|restaurant|HasA|person stood at the front
disneyland|toilet|IsA|building
park|bed|AtLocation|inside a house
computer|shop|IsA|building
synagogue|apartment|IsA|place you buy food
doctor|park|IsA|country
club|class|IsA|place people can meet
table|wall|MadeOf|paper
work|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
cellar|room|PartOf|house
instruction|inspiration|HasProperty|typically positive
demonstration|ground|CapableOf|be purchased
wall|shelf|AtLocation|library
condiments|table|AtLocation|in a house
plate|stuff|CapableOf|be held in your hands
theater|synagogue|HasProperty|part of a human
television|hospital|IsA|study room
dust|clothes|IsA|1 syllable word
opera|supermarket|IsA|place
crying|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
clothing|house|IsA|made of wood
disneyland|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
bar|house|IsA|room
supermarket|container|HasProperty|a beverage
student|university|IsA|building
pantry|container|CapableOf|store things
supermarket|florida|IsA|place you can visit
theater|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
home|concert|CapableOf|have people  inside
puddle|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
money|pocket|UsedFor|living
table|burger|IsA|location or room
air|tree|IsA|animal
university|television|IsA|physical tangible object
park|unemployment|IsA|drink
park|plants|UsedFor|throwing
classroom|loft|PartOf|vehicle
funeral|theater|CapableOf|have people physically in it
pocket|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
sky|hallway|UsedFor|work
town|playground|IsA|nation
pot|carnival|UsedFor|drinking 
lamp|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
party|human|IsA|building
books|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
program|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
building|town|UsedFor|swimming
closet|corner|HasA|first letter c
plants|garden|PartOf|body
pantry|pot|IsA|type of business
nostalgia|depression|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
bathroom|passageway|HasA|airplanes
ground|office|AtLocation|inside a home
safe|class|IsA|part media
answer|space|HasProperty|related to children
earth|body|IsA|place
glass|curtain|HasProperty|hot
bathroom|opera|HasProperty|alive
oven|kitchen|HasProperty|edible
happiness|field|IsA|noun
ocean|church|UsedFor|praying
shelf|cupboard|IsA|furniture 
church|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
container|cabinet|IsA|location
warehouse|store|IsA|private space
cellar|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
floor|boat|IsA|place or location
universe|idaho|IsA|drink
good|class|PartOf|building
classroom|locker|CapableOf|be worn
dinner|stuff|IsA|furniture
montana|synagogue|IsA|home
field|store|CapableOf|be sweet
container|sewer|IsA|room
classroom|museum|UsedFor|urination
town|garden|IsA|nation
street|suburbs|HasProperty|a location
cinema|wedding|IsA|location
michigan|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
sun|government|IsA|concept or place
head|encyclopedia|HasA|screen
car|hairbrush|CapableOf|move location
rug|roof|IsA|a animal
factory|building|CapableOf|be made with bricks
cupboard|den|HasA|door
box|store|IsA|room in a home
closet|house|HasProperty|removable
heaven|castle|CapableOf|fly
window|drawer|IsA|furniture 
country|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
bedroom|shop|IsA|ground where child play
hospital|freeway|IsA|public place
town|supermarket|IsA|event
lightning|action|CapableOf|cause pain
excavation|beaver|UsedFor|digging 
floor|nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
wedding|conference|IsA|location
library|frogs|AtLocation|in your home
garden|factory|AtLocation|in united states
sorrow|problems|IsA|negative thing
microwave|cat|IsA|part of a house
attic|closet|AtLocation|on the floor
town|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
wood|basement|IsA|place or location
university|dinner|IsA|physical tangible object
table|plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
excitement|regret|IsA|mental state
junk|furniture|IsA|store items
can|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
montana|countryside|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
party|telephone|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
floor|bathtub|IsA|building
cellar|boxes|IsA|room in a building
wedding|opera|IsA|planet
kitchen|toilet|UsedFor|car repair
garage|storage|CapableOf|be made with bricks
cellar|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
ocean|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
mouth|person|CapableOf|be attended
universe|commercial|AtLocation|at a zoo
wilderness|trees|IsA|place
michigan|church|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
windowsill|greenhouse|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
embarrassment|happiness|IsA|emotion
state|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
valley|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
table|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
hairbrush|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
machine|barn|UsedFor|fun
home|food|IsA|type of room
mountains|forest|HasProperty|somewhere to go
universe|commercial|IsA|place
roof|house|PartOf|body
shed|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
apartment|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
cinema|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
cabinet|sewer|IsA|room
universe|jar|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
table|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
museum|roof|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|computer|AtLocation|inside someone's home
library|dentist|IsA|physical item 
hole|cage|AtLocation|in home
building|library|MadeOf|wood
toilet|television|HasA|usually have people inside
restaurant|toilet|HasProperty|a room
box|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
temple|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
utensils|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cellar|warehouse|IsA|place
crying|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
television|country|UsedFor|worship
garden|beach|AtLocation|outside
tennessee|mountains|HasA|even number of letter
happiness|fun|IsA|verb
work|ceiling|MadeOf|paper
circus|ocean|IsA|n item of furniture
warehouse|store|PartOf|waste management system
sea|river|HasA|water
water|fun|PartOf|house
bathroom|roof|PartOf|physical structure
garage|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
building|boat|HasProperty|used for recreation / entertainment
room|furniture|AtLocation|inside a person's home
moon|ground|AtLocation|at a home
embarrassment|suffering|IsA|sad emotion
condiments|pantry|AtLocation|in a house
effort|exercising|HasProperty|usually fast
field|apartment|CapableOf| be moved
airplane|detroit|UsedFor|travel
kitchen|bathroom|UsedFor|car repair
supermarket|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
restaurant|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
country|bridge|HasA|water
boxes|closet|UsedFor|storing physical things
joy|cleanliness|MadeOf|golden
bedroom|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
plate|box|IsA|1 syllable word
market|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
sweetness|punishment|IsA|noun
den|cupboard|CapableOf|be moved around
pocket|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
temple|kitchen|AtLocation|in your room
synagogue|tent|HasProperty|part of a human
synagogue|confession|HasA|ticket box usually
creek|countryside|IsA|natural thing
nails|briefcase|IsA|place where students learn
bathroom|market|IsA|food
box|funeral|IsA|room in a home
mouse|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
apartment|airport|HasProperty|able to be entered
market|bathroom|IsA|food
ground|garage|IsA|place where people live
desktop|television|IsA|n electronic device
trunk|dust|IsA|1 syllable word
backyard|forest|AtLocation|outside
backpack|office|IsA|place of learning
bread|jail|IsA|product that people buy
apartment|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
carpet|bed|IsA|place or location
closet|garage|CapableOf|be used for storage
trash|backpack|CapableOf|be held in your hands
town|apartment|UsedFor| gathering together
trunk|table|HasA|doors
drinking|enjoyment|IsA|verb
school|party|AtLocation|inside a house
problems|pain|IsA|negative thing
alcohol|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
disneyland|bowl|IsA|building
woods|stream|IsA|natural thing
park|windowsill|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
water|moon|CapableOf|store small items
oven|stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
convention|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
trees|backyard|AtLocation|outside
refrigerator|corner|AtLocation|indoors
backyard|canada|IsA|us state
glass|table|MadeOf|metal
restaurant|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
box|ocean|CapableOf|fly
soup|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
hospital|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
building|apartment|MadeOf|wood
information|dinner|IsA|part media
ocean|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
opera|town|HasProperty|alive
trouble|sun|IsA|book
theater|convention|IsA|social event
office|store|IsA|place to live
table|plate|AtLocation|in a house
skin|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
porch|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
happiness|thinking|IsA|emotion
street|seattle|AtLocation|at america
desktop|dictionary|UsedFor|viewing/reading
alcohol|jail|IsA|product that people buy
discovery|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
grass|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
container|cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
ceiling|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
town|apartment|UsedFor|learning
roadway|desert|IsA|place where you can live
bedroom|apartment|UsedFor|car repair
radio|television|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
concert|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
house|desert|HasA|buildings in it
supermarket|opera|HasProperty|an event
backpack|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
ocean|office|IsA|item of clothing
table|dust|MadeOf|wood
motel|hotel|IsA|tourist destination
trees|restaurant|IsA|nation
garage|sink|CapableOf|be used as transport 
company|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
attic|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
television|library|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
work|valley|IsA|country or state
rug|floor|IsA|part of a house
porch|cabinet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
table|rug|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
library|office|UsedFor|borrowing books
stamps|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
school|passageway|UsedFor|a holiday
suburbs|china|CapableOf|be parked on
meeting|information|HasProperty|a publication
lamp|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
enjoyment|tears|IsA|verb
party|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
problems|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
coffee|case|IsA|furniture
cage|store|IsA|place where you can stand
backpack|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
sleep|television|IsA|store items
food|refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
cabinet|disneyland|IsA|room
stomach|disneyland|IsA|  place
books|book|CapableOf|be held in your hand
building|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
performing|discovery|HasA|physical appearance
montana|neighborhood|IsA|residential area
nature|television|HasProperty|a household item
ocean|sea|IsA|partially enclosed by land
good|museum|CapableOf|be heard
stick|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
desk|dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
vaccines|sweat|PartOf|human body
dinner|floor|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
train|farm|IsA|mode of transport
table|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
bridge|water|HasProperty|a building
shop|newspaper|UsedFor|cooling
candy|food|IsA|event
newspaper|town|CapableOf|be parked on
exercise|exercising|AtLocation|on the body
apartment|museum|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
homes|home|CapableOf|be lived in
notebook|portfolio|UsedFor|reading
clothes|store|MadeOf|wood
city|egypt|UsedFor|driving 
bird|bee|IsA|living thing
notebook|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
church|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
lightning|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
dust|dinner|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
chair|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
bedroom|garden|UsedFor|work
garage|building|IsA|sound
embarrassment|trauma|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
newspaper|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
cabinet|outside|UsedFor|cooking
desktop|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
boxes|house|IsA|room in a building
car|table|HasA|doors
restaurant|toilet|MadeOf|bricks
money|crying|IsA|emotion
closet|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
container|refrigerator|IsA|  place
school|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
favors|enjoyment|IsA|verb
trash|dinner|MadeOf|wood
glass|summer|IsA|vacation destination
cupboard|garage|UsedFor|storage
college|notebook|HasProperty|material
stream|desert|IsA|natural thing
carnival|confession|HasA|ticket box usually
bedroom|classroom|UsedFor|car repair
newspaper|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
newspaper|magazine|UsedFor|reading
suburbs|countryside|HasA|buildings in it
suburbs|india|CapableOf|be read
theater|bathtub|UsedFor|reading
embarrassment|anxiety|IsA|emotion
information|book|HasProperty|related to studying
office|work|AtLocation|on a map
happiness|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
cage|field|IsA|animal
picture|fox|IsA|natural scenario
valley|churchyard|AtLocation|in your company
kitchen|mouse|IsA|furniture
france|trees|MadeOf|metal
understanding|action|UsedFor|seeking an answer
maze|hospital|IsA|public place
demonstration|magazines|UsedFor|furniture
town|supermarket|UsedFor|learning
bowl|soup|IsA|location
attic|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
house|roof|HasA|head
cupboard|market|IsA|sweet or savory
ceiling|room|IsA|car
airport|company|HasA|use electricity
store|sewer|AtLocation|inside a person's home
restaurant|box|IsA|event
refrigerator|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
trouble|president|CapableOf|place
birds|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
garage|building|CapableOf|be made with bricks
classroom|hallway|UsedFor|urination
flower|vase|IsA|place
discomfort|entertainment|IsA|emotion
office|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
room|basement|HasProperty|white
computer|school|UsedFor|learning
basement|attic|AtLocation|within a building's structure
arkansas|alabama|IsA|state in uk
airplane|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
store|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
sleep|trouble|AtLocation|in home
pond|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
information|books|AtLocation|in a store
book|manual|CapableOf|be held in your hand
countryside|house|IsA|animal or book
wallet|store|UsedFor|living
restaurant|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
pot|bar|HasA|plug or power source
medium|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
condiments|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
suburbs|city|CapableOf|be read
supermarket|restaurant|CapableOf| be moved
town|earth|HasProperty|an event
neighborhood|montana|HasProperty|a country
sink|groceries|UsedFor|storage 
animals|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
windowsill|roof|PartOf|body
jar|peanuts|HasA|connection to food
ocean|air|PartOf|house
school|park|IsA|event
pain|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
town|country|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
pantry|shelf|CapableOf|be found in a house
conference|chair|IsA|religious card
pocket|library|UsedFor|viewing/reading
electricity|opera|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
carpet|roof|HasA|animal
park|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a home
road|highway|HasProperty|made by humans
ground|radio|IsA|place in a house
park|playground|HasProperty|a country
table|office|UsedFor|student
forest|garden|UsedFor|swimming
warehouse|funeral|IsA|room in a home
television|park|UsedFor|eating
excitement|joy|IsA|mental state
palace|house|IsA|large building
groceries|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
wedding|supermarket|IsA|part of a human
bathroom|nest|IsA|living thing
hallway|basement|HasA|a bath
erections|sleeping|CapableOf|hurt
pantry|sink|AtLocation|in a kitchen
pride|sadness|IsA|feeling
america|africa|CapableOf|make movement
school|families|IsA|event
roof|nest|CapableOf|fly
food|action|CapableOf|fly
roof|garden|PartOf|body
store|soup|UsedFor|storage
valley|village|AtLocation|in your company
mouse|toilet|CapableOf|be used with a computer
theater|people|IsA|place you buy food
garden|backyard|IsA|place people work and live
wall|desktop|IsA|room
restaurant|outdoors|IsA|nation
human|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
heaven|bank|IsA|place
exhaustion|headache|MadeOf|golden
wilderness|hole|IsA|place to keep money
house|palace|UsedFor|sport
corner|shelf|AtLocation|indoors
shelf|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
trash|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
joy|exhaustion|MadeOf|golden
clothing|table|MadeOf|food
boxes|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
work|airport|CapableOf|employ people
pantry|bottle|MadeOf|metal
forest|beach|IsA|nature-related
punishment|tears|IsA|emotion
china|driveway|HasProperty|a location
garden|game|UsedFor|learning
sorrow|crying|IsA|positive thing
roof|temple|IsA|place to sleep
butterflies|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
ground|arboretum|HasProperty|a state in the usa
wood|floor|IsA|place or location
town|yard|IsA|nation
fulfillment|listening|IsA|something considered as positive
pocket|key|HasA|function
kitchen|glass|IsA|furniture 
oven|kitchen|CapableOf|cook
favors|love|IsA|verb
store|closet|IsA|made of wood
kitchen|table|AtLocation|in a house
microwave|lamp|IsA|physical and movable item
furniture|bed|AtLocation|in home
bed|floor|IsA|place or location
encyclopedia|lake|IsA|place
pride|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
map|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
television|floor|IsA|place
wings|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
yard|driveway|MadeOf|sand
kitchen|orbit|AtLocation|public area
street|synagogue|IsA|place or location
valley|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
movies|mouth|IsA|place
trash|box|IsA|1 syllable word
hallway|computer|AtLocation|in your company
chair|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
cheese|pizza|IsA|type of food
airport|hospital|IsA|public place
kitchen|outside|UsedFor|storage
music|class|IsA|action
trunk|drawer|HasA|doors
desk|corner|IsA|study room
drink|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
container|pocket|IsA|school supply
suburbs|countryside|CapableOf|be read
greenhouse|garage|CapableOf|cooking
office|bedroom|IsA|building
bathroom|woods|HasProperty|somewhere to go
junk|chair|HasProperty|a household item
waterfall|valley|HasA|water
house|jar|IsA|man made
discovery|pride|CapableOf|fly
motion|effort|AtLocation|on the body
container|pantry|IsA|location or room
synagogue|desktop|UsedFor|reading
store|warehouse|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
bedroom|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
store|trunk|IsA|room in a home
stress|death|IsA|positive card
carrots|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
boxes|cabinet|IsA|room
floor|store|IsA|1 syllable word
desktop|street|HasProperty|hot
food|discovery|IsA|emotion
junk|snore|IsA|place
michigan|stamps|UsedFor|eating
can|casino|MadeOf|metal
action|understanding|UsedFor|driving
bathroom|toilet|MadeOf|more than one room
dinner|color|IsA|part media
swimming|birds|HasProperty|man made
backpack|kitchen|IsA|furniture
motel|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
computer|house|UsedFor|worship
mouse|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
condiments|food|CapableOf|be consumed
books|table|IsA|furniture 
opera|conference|UsedFor| gathering together
canada|trees|IsA|place people work and live
person|carnival|PartOf|building
hospital|store|UsedFor|a holiday
pocket|manual|CapableOf|be used virtually 
books|manual|IsA|book
cabinet|refrigerator|CapableOf|contain multiple people
museum|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
magazine|clothing|CapableOf|store
homes|skyscraper|PartOf|house 
ground|ficus|HasProperty|a state in the usa
stamps|film|IsA|form of entertainment
container|bottle|IsA|type of business
cupboard|shelf|HasProperty|furniture
classroom|museum|HasA|usually have people inside
windowsill|garden|HasA|head
airplane|kitchen|AtLocation|in your room
restaurant|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
suburb|house|UsedFor|transportation
restaurant|church|UsedFor|a gathering of people
beer|can|IsA|type of business
school|workplace|UsedFor|punishing people
beach|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
box|stamps|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
soup|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
table|michigan|UsedFor|storage
roof|garage|MadeOf|wood
apartment|office|IsA|type /part of building
controversy|depression|IsA|positive thing
jar|carnival|UsedFor|drinking 
argument|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
garage|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
closet|windowsill|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
corner|office|HasProperty|able to be entered
plate|container|UsedFor|keeping things cool
home|room|IsA|informal term for youth
mexico|pond|IsA|place people work and live
park|garden|IsA|place
joy|headache|MadeOf|golden
enemies|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
sewer|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
work|picture|MadeOf|wood
dinner|michigan|IsA|furniture
lamp|closet|UsedFor|reading books
building|cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
container|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
enemies|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
airplane|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
supermarket|montana|IsA|part of a human
oven|desktop|HasProperty|made of wood
antarctica|switzerland|IsA|animal
school|office|UsedFor|student
death|enemies|HasA|physical element
house|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
house|ground|HasA|head
internet|car|HasProperty|a type of home
airport|school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
party|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
fly|dictionary|IsA|place
museum|skate|CapableOf|be heard
yard|town|MadeOf|sand
microwave|lamp|CapableOf|plug into the wall
dictionary|vase|CapableOf|be held with one hand
hospital|corner|IsA|study room
store|bathroom|IsA|food
communication|agreement|IsA|emotion
factory|human|IsA|country
closet|bottle|IsA|type of business
dinner|dust|UsedFor|storage
song|choir|AtLocation|on/in the human body
bridge|wisconsin|HasProperty|human made
excitement|pride|IsA|verb
attic|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
ocean|garage|UsedFor|transportation
meeting|television|MadeOf|paper
car|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
toronto|attic|IsA|animal
street|playground|UsedFor|farmers 
oklahoma|arkansas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
cabinet|encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
bed|school|UsedFor|travel
jail|house|HasProperty|a place where people sing
families|restaurant|IsA|event
newspaper|meeting|IsA|place for students
war|opera|PartOf|building
favors|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
garage|garbage|HasProperty|a household item
cupboard|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
ground|clouds|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
exchange|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
supermarket|conference|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
trees|marmoset|HasProperty|cold
backpack|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
fun|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
ocean|dirt|PartOf|the continent 
nightmares|problems|IsA|something a baby could have
universe|vacuum|AtLocation|public area
home|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
ocean|school|IsA|place to live
mouth|funeral|IsA|place
park|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
nails|classroom|UsedFor|carrying things
pocket|dictionary|CapableOf|be used virtually 
antarctica|outside|UsedFor|storage
city|bridge|HasProperty|human made
backyard|garden|UsedFor|swimming
trunk|supermarket|IsA|place for entertainment
basement|warehouse|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
sewer|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
garage|garden|MadeOf|water
commercial|hole|CapableOf|be currently visited
nebraska|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
outside|museum|MadeOf|wood
synagogue|tent|HasProperty|an event
television|carpet|HasProperty|found inside a house
chair|people|UsedFor|praying
market|bar|PartOf|business
pocket|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
book|meeting|MadeOf|technology
wilderness|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
homes|skyscraper|UsedFor|travel
india|hole|IsA|animal
dance|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
garage|demonstration|IsA|sound
fight|injuries|HasProperty|about  clashes
outdoors|playground|HasA|properties of any kind
field|cage|IsA|place where money is kept
store|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
portfolio|paper|HasProperty|sold in stores
drawer|shelf|UsedFor|storage
neighborhood|montana|HasProperty|a location
kitchen|vacuum|AtLocation|public area
town|tent|IsA|social event
table|plate|UsedFor|eating
commercial|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
plate|cup|CapableOf|be consumed
gymnasium|palace|UsedFor|sport
backyard|trees|UsedFor|swimming
home|arboretum|UsedFor|storing food
apartment|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
garage|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
backpack|cabinet|IsA|location
meeting|notes|IsA|building
newspaper|porch|CapableOf|store
garage|toilet|IsA|room in a property
building|hospital|IsA|item of clothing
street|basement|IsA|place or location
house|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
knowledge|knowing|MadeOf|wood
refrigerator|restaurants|PartOf|food and drink
mouse|cabinet|IsA|room
manual|books|UsedFor|viewing/reading
cabinet|pot|CapableOf|storing food
lasagna|plate|UsedFor|dinner
rosebush|dog|UsedFor|transport
crying|pain|IsA|emotion
books|dictionary|IsA|book
school|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
india|america|IsA|place
corner|outside|IsA|place to store items
valley|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
information|encyclopedia|HasProperty|related to studying
kitchen|bedroom|AtLocation|indoors
building|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
dentist|magazines|UsedFor|cooling
money|change|UsedFor|paying for items
television|information|PartOf|publication
closet|house|HasA|doors
suburb|neighborhood|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
soup|table|UsedFor|storage
landfill|playground|UsedFor|farmers 
ceiling|roof|IsA|home appliance
human|ocean|HasA|fish in it
table|home|UsedFor|cooling
cinema|internet|HasProperty|a gathering place
kitchen|disneyland|IsA|furniture
refrigerator|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
stamps|utensils|MadeOf|wood
bank|field|UsedFor|food
table|floor|MadeOf|wood
oven|food|HasProperty|used for meals
floor|drawer|UsedFor|cooling
doctor|aircraft|IsA|country
church|bathroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
wedding|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
boxes|cupboard|HasProperty|found below ground level
town|opera|IsA|place
excitement|teaching|IsA|negative emotion
bottle|groceries|HasA|plug or power source
garden|conference|IsA|object
floor|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
party|restaurants|CapableOf|be entered
bank|russia|IsA|place
dishwasher|cabinet|IsA|furniture 
attic|ground|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
kitchen|oven|UsedFor|storing edible things
mexico|countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
opera|montana|IsA|part of a human
supermarket|street|IsA|place to be entertained
university|garden|CapableOf|have people  inside
auditorium|chair|IsA|mental place
airport|ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
butterflies|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
club|suit|UsedFor|learning
ceiling|candle|HasProperty|white
building|storage|CapableOf|have people living there
refrigerator|pot|CapableOf|storing food
joy|relaxation|IsA|mental state
reflection|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
furniture|floor|CapableOf|sleeping
soup|cupboard|IsA|location
table|clothing|UsedFor|reading 
table|magazine|IsA|physical item 
like|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
bar|pantry|IsA|place for entertainment
basement|rain|HasProperty|white
safe|freeway|CapableOf|be lived in
dancing|laughter|IsA|activity
jar|closet|AtLocation|public area
attic|desk|AtLocation|as part of a house
manual|book|MadeOf|technology
airport|shop|CapableOf|provide a service
boxes|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
teaching|working|IsA|negative emotion
ocean|house|IsA|item of clothing
aquarium|valley|HasA|3 letters
nest|mountain|CapableOf|fly
dust|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
movies|box|IsA|place
street|rock|IsA|natural or man made
countryside|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
bathroom|room|HasA|usually have people inside
hairbrush|airplane|CapableOf|move location
sunshine|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
head|information|IsA|part media
factory|warehouse|CapableOf|work
case|movie|IsA|dish
utensils|closet|IsA|1 syllable word
house|suburb|IsA|state
university|encyclopedia|UsedFor|learning
box|trunk|IsA|room in a home
remembering|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
drawer|movie|IsA|something found in a household
hotel|motel|UsedFor|sleeping overnight
countryside|street|IsA|natural product or man made
store|windowsill|IsA|place where you can stand
book|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
forest|desert|AtLocation|at america
school|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
bathtub|computer|HasA|wheels
book|office|CapableOf|be worn
instruction|sleep|MadeOf|wood
classroom|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
valley|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
stove|cup|CapableOf|store things
depression|sorrow|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
suburbs|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
airport|freeway|HasA|beds
class|person|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
bread|manual|IsA|product that people buy
dreams|nightmares|CapableOf|hurt
city|continent|HasA|water
desert|river|IsA|location
city|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
rug|box|AtLocation|inside a house
ocean|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
opera|supermarket|IsA|location
park|roof|HasProperty|man made
mess|house|UsedFor|sitting on
enemies|anger|IsA|positive card
museum|computer|AtLocation|in a building
desk|case|IsA|1 syllable word
knowledge|remembering|IsA|feeling/emotion
garage|furniture|IsA|store items
entertainment|wedding|UsedFor|over night stays 
entertaining|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
headache|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
house|greenhouse|HasA|green plant
desktop|library|IsA|ground where child play
museum|table|MadeOf|wood
cabinet|jar|UsedFor|storage
carrots|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
forest|trees|AtLocation|outside
fear|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
jail|house|HasA|fee to visit
television|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
kitchen|bar|UsedFor|car repair
boxes|house|HasProperty|found below ground level
exchange|table|IsA|type of room
warehouse|storage|CapableOf|have people living there
school|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
garage|water|CapableOf|be used as transport 
conference|opera|HasProperty|alive
restaurant|car|AtLocation|inside a house
outdoors|mexico|IsA|country
library|stadium|IsA|place of learning
garage|house|AtLocation|in a building
woods|restaurant|UsedFor|storing things inside
dictionary|wilderness|IsA|activity 
restaurant|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
field|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
ground|corner|CapableOf|show films
sink|ocean|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
city|egypt|IsA|country
ground|water|IsA|car
restaurant|groceries|IsA|place for entertainment
classroom|toilet|IsA|room in a property
factory|battle|MadeOf|by man
toilet|kitchen|IsA|room in a property
nature|snore|HasProperty|an animal
america|florida|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
movies|park|IsA|event
ballpark|jungle|IsA|outdoor area
stretch|exercise|HasProperty|a physical activity
trunk|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
garage|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
roadway|driveway|HasProperty|a location
refrigerators|plate|IsA|  place
library|encyclopedia|IsA|physical tangible object
backyard|trees|IsA|place people work and live
mansion|conference|UsedFor| gathering together
bedroom|ocean|IsA|item of clothing
seattle|weather|AtLocation|at america
soup|water|CapableOf|be used as transport 
bedroom|desk|IsA|n electronic device
jar|water|MadeOf|organic material
town|opera|IsA|house where man live
laughter|fatigue|IsA|emotion
sleep|nature|IsA|place
chair|snore|IsA|place
shelf|kitchen|IsA|room
funeral|movies|IsA|place
apartment|garage|IsA|place where people live
hole|cage|MadeOf|sand
fun|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
desert|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
temple|building|IsA|specific part of a structure
frisbee|ocean|PartOf|house
car|park|AtLocation|on the map
theater|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
college|hotel|UsedFor|criminals
classroom|museum|IsA|room
town|playground|IsA|place people work and live
room|loft|IsA|building
theater|convention|IsA|house where man live
boat|theater|MadeOf|wood
sleep|chair|IsA|store items
house|college|HasA|pool
information|television|MadeOf|meet
trouble|cat|IsA|store items
rain|weather|HasProperty|related to water falling
disneyland|restaurant|IsA|dish
excitement|like|IsA|activity
snore|garage|PartOf|house
desktop|pocket|UsedFor|reading
meeting|head|IsA|part media
squirrel|desert|HasProperty|man made
city|farm|AtLocation|on a map
injury|action|CapableOf|cause pain
trouble|junk|IsA|store items
embarrassment|crying|UsedFor|manifesting joy
wilderness|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
playground|countryside|HasA|walls
television|shop|IsA|study room
school|jail|UsedFor|a gathering of people
canada|playground|MadeOf|plastic
moon|ocean|UsedFor|link between places
detroit|wings|CapableOf|fly
neighborhood|town|MadeOf|sand
lamp|library|IsA|place to live
basement|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
doctor|clothing|UsedFor|cooling
library|office|UsedFor|housing
butterflies|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
road|playground|HasProperty|made by humans
film|desk|IsA|dish
store|airport|IsA|item of clothing
electricity|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
park|countryside|IsA|nation
desktop|encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
texas|snow|MadeOf|metal
people|opera|IsA|part of a human
punch|punishment|IsA|emotion
ground|dust|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
cellar|warehouse|UsedFor|storage
funeral|crowd|UsedFor|music
crying|dream|IsA|negative feeling
trash|box|IsA|place
office|ocean|IsA|n item of furniture
jar|house|IsA|man made
drawer|table|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
seaside|florida|CapableOf|be read
seattle|street|MadeOf|sand
jar|refrigerators|HasA|empty space in it
kitchen|office|UsedFor|sitting on
product|shelf|CapableOf|be purchased
sloth|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
car|microwave|CapableOf|employ people
garage|attic|UsedFor|storing stuffs
books|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
television|garage|IsA|store items
restaurant|disneyland|IsA|furniture
waterfall|pond|IsA|place that humans can swim
drugstore|sun|IsA|specific part of a structure
warehouse|box|UsedFor|storing physical things
love|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
pain|depression|IsA|negative thing
newspaper|magazines|UsedFor|reading
carpet|desk|PartOf|building a house
performing|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
greenhouse|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
continent|wilderness|HasA|earth
outside|desktop|IsA|place to store items
rain|street|IsA|geographic location
apartment|garage|IsA|type of building
glass|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
town|park|IsA|place people work and live
locker|office|CapableOf|be worn
computer|concert|MadeOf|wood
tears|favors|IsA|physical emotion
nostalgia|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
door|window|HasProperty|found in a house
theater|furniture|MadeOf|wood
den|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
program|concert|UsedFor|worship
court|palace|IsA|in a home
control|canada|IsA|object/thing
drawer|garage|IsA|store items
refrigerators|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
garage|building|CapableOf|have people living there
churchyard|bus|IsA|country or state
drawer|dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
church|montana|IsA|mental place
heaven|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
enemies|competing|CapableOf|create physical pain
city|trouble|HasA|movie
agreement|laughter|IsA|sad emotion
airport|dentist|UsedFor|cooling
carnival|pot|HasA|connection to food
happiness|suffering|IsA|emotion
bridge|moon|MadeOf|organic material
teapot|apartment|UsedFor|storing food
ocean|street|UsedFor|transportation
theater|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
food|condiments|CapableOf|store things
apartment|cupboard|HasProperty|furniture
basement|lumberyard|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
ground|room|IsA|car
ficus|apartment|IsA|place where people live
supermarket|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
shelf|car|IsA|1 syllable word
park|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
church|jail|IsA|building
fish|ocean|HasA|earth
communication|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
market|nursery|IsA|something kept at home
pain|communication|UsedFor|manifesting joy
russia|cage|IsA|animal
box|front|IsA|cartoon
joy|headache|CapableOf|be physically touched
neighborhood|subdivision|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
weather|forest|IsA|brand
valley|continent|HasProperty|human made
restaurants|supermarket|PartOf|food and drink
apartment|synagogue|IsA|social event
florida|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
office|apartment|IsA|building
remembering|problems|IsA|negative thing
butterflies|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
canada|countryside|IsA|place to grow plants
passageway|airport|IsA|place to live
dishwasher|cabinet|IsA|building
desk|sky|UsedFor|building the structure of house
bar|restaurant|IsA|type of building
bicycle|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
apartment|school|IsA|location
city|concert|UsedFor|music
car|dust|IsA|made of wood
town|farm|UsedFor|over night stays 
talk|pride|IsA|action
monastery|church|UsedFor|praying
groceries|bar|UsedFor|storing things in
can|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
backpack|trash|IsA|place
newspaper|countryside|IsA|state
pride|joy|IsA|action
table|couch|MadeOf|wood
restaurant|house|HasA|pool
cup|plate|AtLocation|in a house
table|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
barnyard|tennessee|MadeOf|country
newspaper|magazine|IsA|physical item 
plants|greenhouse|HasA|head
concert|computer|UsedFor|worship
punch|happiness|UsedFor|punish
safe|street|CapableOf|be lived in
garage|warehouse|CapableOf|be used for storage
class|university|HasA|screen
apartment|supermarket|IsA|food
store|teacher|UsedFor|carrying things
ontario|books|IsA|american state
cabinet|kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
excitement|love|IsA|emotion
automobile|house|CapableOf|store a car
paint|dust|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
remembering|problems|IsA|negative feeling
supermarket|synagogue|UsedFor|camping
key|pocket|UsedFor|living
store|backpack|MadeOf|food
lake|commercial|IsA|place
kitchen|window|HasProperty|found in a house
wood|street|IsA|place or location
death|injuries|IsA|positive card
garage|bedroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
house|home|CapableOf|be moved around
table|rug|AtLocation|on the map
roadway|driveway|UsedFor|transportation
action|performing|IsA|emotion
park|plants|PartOf|glass
supermarket|street|CapableOf|keeping cash
greenhouse|garden|AtLocation|outside
bed|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
bedroom|corner|IsA|building
attic|basement|IsA|room
town|neighborhood|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
newspaper|book|HasProperty|a meal
communication|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
bowl|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
church|earth|IsA|place you buy food
bubblegum|key|HasA|function
restaurant|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
office|cave|UsedFor|a holiday
sun|sky|IsA|car
chocolate|candy|IsA|part of the body
junk|garage|HasProperty|an animal
school|battle|MadeOf|by man
school|notes|HasProperty|material
cabinet|museum|CapableOf|be worn
jar|teacher|IsA|school supply
trauma|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
stamps|drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
ball|field|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
manual|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
countryside|mexico|IsA|place to grow plants
knowledge|instruction|IsA|emotion
sink|field|HasProperty|edible
auditorium|crowd|IsA| event
building|library|IsA|place to live
mexico|backyard|AtLocation|outside
table|porch|UsedFor|reading
trauma|depression|PartOf|mental disorder
wallet|film|IsA|form of entertainment
action|store|IsA|thing you have on person
chocolate|supermarket|IsA|event
windowsill|roof|IsA|building
library|locker|HasA|walls
jail|magazines|CapableOf|store
airport|library|CapableOf|store
hunger|remembering|IsA|emotion
film|microwave|IsA|form of entertainment
city|country|HasA|water
cabinet|sink|AtLocation|in a kitchen
forest|playground|UsedFor|swimming
argument|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
crowd|theater|UsedFor|music
town|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
mountain|picture|HasA|city inside
floor|furniture|UsedFor|decoration
attic|desk|IsA|piece of furniture
shelf|dinner|IsA|made of wood
chair|elevator|IsA|place where you can visit
television|library|IsA|place for students
desktop|sunbathers|HasProperty|hot
agreement|enjoyment|IsA|verb
waterfall|pond|HasA|water
confusion|working|HasA|ltr p
refrigerator|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
remembering|sleep|MadeOf|wood
closet|human|HasA|usually have people inside
house|garage|IsA|room (type)
bread|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
mountains|wilderness|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
vacuum|space|AtLocation|public area
president|city|HasA|movie
street|casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
bowl|kitchen|IsA|building
lamp|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
desktop|cabinet|CapableOf|be used for travel
wedding|convention|HasProperty|an event
monastery|montana|UsedFor|praying
cabinet|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
outside|corner|UsedFor|storage
conference|circus|HasA|ticket box usually
school|library|UsedFor|happiness
beach|trash|UsedFor|farmers 
bed|home|UsedFor|cooling
roof|house|HasA|head
bathroom|outside|IsA|in a home
floor|rug|IsA|informal term for youth
opera|circus|IsA|place or location
concert|electricity|UsedFor|work
knowledge|color|IsA|place to study
heart|pride|IsA|happy card
theater|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
box|bag|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
farm|train|UsedFor|overnight stays
field|class|UsedFor|studying
junk|garage|AtLocation|in home
house|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
bedroom|michigan|IsA|business that serves food
shoes|closet|UsedFor|indoor activities
barnyard|ranch|MadeOf|country
pantry|stove|HasA|empty space in it
depression|controversy|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
kitchens|container|IsA|place for entertainment
cage|stream|CapableOf|be read
books|dictionary|UsedFor|viewing/reading
movies|jar|IsA|event
pride|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
book|newspaper|HasA|screen
apartment|toilet|HasProperty|a room
kitchen|universe|IsA|animal or book
bathroom|desk|UsedFor|work
boxes|bag|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
theater|silence|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
water|soup|UsedFor|eating or drinking
cabinet|book|HasA|walls
garden|yard|IsA|place people work and live
furniture|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
anxiety|food|CapableOf|tell stories
closet|utensils|IsA|made of wood
doorway|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
listening|enjoyment|IsA|activity
park|forest|HasA|walls
bar|table|IsA|type of food
light|desk|UsedFor|serving food
information|knowledge|HasA|screen
speaker|mouth|CapableOf|be attended
stove|pantry|AtLocation|in a house
theater|casino|IsA|place you can visit
kitchen|shelf|HasProperty|edible
airplane|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
lake|stream|IsA|natural thing
africa|country|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
waterfall|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
creek|valley|IsA|natural thing
store|airport|CapableOf|have a street address
cellar|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
water|garage|UsedFor|transportation
painting|horse|IsA|location
underground|fly|IsA|place
communication|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
carpet|ground|AtLocation|on the floor
classroom|woods|IsA|type of building
earth|body|HasProperty|an event
knowledge|field|IsA|place to study
house|hospital|IsA|item of clothing
universe|sloth|CapableOf|be read
restaurant|bar|IsA|place for entertainment
injury|lightning|IsA|colorful
bicycle|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
change|street|UsedFor|living
box|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
trunk|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
bathroom|hospital|HasA|airplanes
newspaper|dentist|IsA|room or building
apartment|jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
classroom|desktop|UsedFor|viewing/reading
florida|casino|IsA|place to be entertained
class|germany|IsA|action
case|coffee|IsA|place
restaurant|bowl|IsA|type of room
ontario|books|MadeOf|sand mostly
market|kitchen|PartOf|business
bedroom|concert|MadeOf|wood
newspaper|magazine|IsA|room or building
box|roof|CapableOf|fly
countryside|canada|IsA|nature-related
apartment|museum|IsA|room in a property
action|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
forest|backyard|CapableOf|be part of a house
book|manual|MadeOf|technology
club|meeting|AtLocation|in a building
kitchen|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
garage|trash|HasProperty|found in the garden
attic|water|IsA|place to pray
crying|embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
president|government|CapableOf|place
lamp|television|IsA|ground where child play
garage|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
class|knowledge|HasProperty|related to studying
book|newspaper|HasA|use electricity
ocean|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
street|university|PartOf|house
aggression|stress|IsA|feeling or emotion
church|bar|IsA|state in usa
allergies|joy|MadeOf|pause
river|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
mouse|toilet|IsA|place to make food
park|box|AtLocation|on the map
kitchen|jar|AtLocation|in a house
performing|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
television|sleep|PartOf|house
table|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
seattle|forest|IsA|popular attraction
human|drugs|UsedFor|recreation activity
party|cup|AtLocation|inside a house
meeting|garden|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
like|happiness|HasProperty|an emotion
garage|california|IsA|place where people live
groceries|supermarket|HasA|roof
dance|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
shelf|product|IsA|place
windowsill|forest|MadeOf|trees
restaurant|outdoors|AtLocation|outside
unemployment|universe|HasProperty|something you can touch
wall|cupboard|CapableOf|be found in a house
utensils|clothes|UsedFor|storage
church|opera|UsedFor|work
region|america|IsA|continent
church|bathroom|IsA|object that can be held
church|jail|HasProperty|outdoors
classroom|office|MadeOf|wood
trees|snow|IsA|n animal
wilderness|valley|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
problems|sadness|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
park|picture|MadeOf|plastic
detroit|park|IsA|place you visit
jail|party|HasProperty|associated with drinking
shelf|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
theater|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
pond|backyard|CapableOf|be part of a house
desert|swimming|HasProperty|man made
desktop|electricity|UsedFor|worship
school|homes|UsedFor|children to study
library|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
birds|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
churchyard|valley|IsA|tall building
wilderness|school|IsA|place
hotel|house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
pantry|cup|IsA|location or room
vase|market|IsA|place or location
church|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
meeting|information|IsA|visible object
earth|apartment|HasProperty|part of a human
garden|meeting|UsedFor|learning
museum|table|IsA|place to store items
desktop|meeting|IsA|furniture
outdoors|valley|IsA|1 syllable word
detroit|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
trees|rock|PartOf|nature
church|monastery|IsA|religious card
dirt|world|IsA|continent
building|loft|AtLocation|in your room
concert|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
change|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
demonstration|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
garden|fingernails|HasA|wheels
tennessee|california|AtLocation|at south united states
beaver|desert|UsedFor|digging 
hole|bank|IsA|country
happiness|fear|IsA|emotion
corporation|president|IsA|book
desert|stream|IsA|natural thing
case|stamps|IsA|dish
desktop|television|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
airplane|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
city|ocean|AtLocation|in your company
newspaper|book|MadeOf|paper
roof|street|IsA|part of nature
countryside|forest|IsA|animal
backyard|town|IsA|country
television|drawer|HasProperty|an animal
countryside|restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
anxiety|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
government|control|IsA|concept or place
moon|ocean|PartOf|kitchen
dinner|plate|IsA|place
plate|food|CapableOf|cook things
disneyland|conference|IsA|place or location
street|fly|UsedFor|eating or drinking
potatoes|carrots|IsA|sweet or savory
building|barn|IsA|music related event
poet|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
country|government|CapableOf|place
wedding|farm|IsA|tourist destination
motel|hotel|HasA|usually have people inside
aggression|stress|HasA|physical element
water|air|AtLocation|at a home
shelf|trunk|CapableOf|be worn
ground|apartment|IsA|place where people live
doorway|skyscraper|UsedFor|travel
table|wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
mountains|tennessee|HasA|even number of letter
car|trunk|HasProperty|easily movable
microwave|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
garage|porch|HasProperty|found in the garden
temple|loft|CapableOf|move location
refrigerators|stove|HasProperty|used for meals
can|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
garden|canada|IsA|country
human|love|HasProperty|child friendly
action|wallet|HasA|function
yard|garden|UsedFor|swimming
love|car|AtLocation|library
safe|dinner|PartOf|the human body
knowledge|shock|IsA|negative thing
church|detroit|IsA|place where you can visit
motel|farm|IsA|something you can own
workplace|museum|AtLocation|indoors
home|food|IsA|tableware
coats|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
apartment|auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
party|house|CapableOf|be entered
entertaining|suicide|IsA|emotion
refrigerator|kitchen|HasA|empty space in it
box|movies|IsA|part of the body
restaurant|funeral|IsA|part of the body
university|doctor|UsedFor|recreation activity
garage|floor|HasProperty|a household item
street|sea|IsA|vacation destination
attic|chair|HasProperty|found in the house
mess|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
park|playground|IsA|place people work and live
cupboard|table|IsA|location
glass|stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
gentleman|throne|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
fear|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
movie|disneyland|IsA|dish
garden|trees|HasA|walls
mouse|garage|UsedFor|cooking
company|car|AtLocation|library
cow|ranch|MadeOf|country
attic|floor|PartOf|house
home|magazine|UsedFor|cooling
imagination|god|UsedFor|praying
class|opera|PartOf|building
stamps|film|IsA|something you eat off
trash|dishwasher|IsA|place to make food
people|desk|PartOf|building a house
television|dust|HasProperty|found inside a house
microwave|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
desert|hole|IsA|country
ground|plants|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
dust|house|IsA|made of wood
park|forest|IsA|animal
head|television|PartOf|the human body
briefcase|pocket|CapableOf|be used for travel
store|cabinet|UsedFor|carrying things
nature|attic|IsA|store items
countryside|rock|HasProperty|in a cold climate
library|bathtub|IsA|ceremony
bridge|moon|CapableOf|can you drink it
utensils|floor|UsedFor|storage
apartment|kitchen|IsA|furniture
refrigerator|condiments|HasA|empty space in it
outdoors|backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
bread|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
office|school|IsA|pencil
bowl|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
home|college|IsA|object that can be held
ground|dust|AtLocation|indoors
fight|sweat|HasA|physical element
butterflies|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
chair|sleep|PartOf|house
table|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
motel|television|IsA|ground where child play
party|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
window|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
subdivision|city|IsA|residential area
market|refrigerator|IsA|food
attic|garage|MadeOf|water
montana|subdivision|IsA|place where you can live
closet|office|IsA|place to live
desk|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
porch|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
television|desktop|IsA|study room
conference|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
restaurants|room|CapableOf|be entered
cabinet|conference|UsedFor|writing
encyclopedia|book|HasProperty|related to studying
chicken|garage|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
working|satisfaction|HasA|ltr p
roadway|driveway|MadeOf|sand
embarrassment|money|IsA|negative thing
countryside|roof|MadeOf|wood
synagogue|town|IsA|home
cellar|outside|IsA|room
supermarket|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
tears|happiness|IsA|activity
shelf|newspaper|AtLocation|library
alabama|mountains|HasA|start with a
church|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
town|convention|IsA|part of a human
sink|floor|IsA|furniture 
greenhouse|plants|PartOf|body
school|court|UsedFor|sport
books|information|CapableOf|be held in your hand
outside|dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
controversy|sorrow|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
airport|couch|AtLocation|mostly inside
attic|room|CapableOf|be used for storage
pleasure|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
closet|can|IsA|type of business
yard|bathroom|HasProperty|part of your  house
wallet|cabinet|IsA|dish
army|sun|AtLocation|on map
countryside|wilderness|IsA|man-made thing
fun|dancing|IsA|verb
wall|kitchen|IsA|ceremony
school|building|UsedFor|borrowing books
car|microwave|AtLocation|library
mouse|trash|IsA|building
field|safe|IsA|part media
groceries|refrigerator|IsA|place for entertainment
effort|motion|HasProperty|usually fast
closet|corner|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
bar|apartment|HasProperty|a room
heaven|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
action|food|CapableOf|cause pain
club|meeting|IsA|place people can meet
bedroom|couch|UsedFor|sleeping on
internet|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
cabinet|classroom|UsedFor|reading
desktop|roof|UsedFor|storage
outside|landfill|HasA|opening or door
shelf|cabinet|CapableOf|contain multiple people
container|beer|IsA|place for entertainment
supermarket|mansion|IsA|location
toilet|garage|AtLocation|home
opera|supermarket|HasProperty|a gathering place
drawer|toronto|HasProperty|a household item
birds|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
moon|snow|HasProperty|hot
office|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
airport|bedroom|IsA|type /part of building
theater|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
market|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
corner|bedroom|AtLocation|inside someone's home
trunk|table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
body|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
cave|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
house|room|HasProperty|a place where people sing
box|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
apartment|conference|UsedFor|buying food
suburbs|driveway|MadeOf|sand
apartment|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
stable|barnyard|MadeOf|country
antarctica|outside|IsA|place to store items
highway|safe|CapableOf|be lived in
house|jail|IsA|building
government|city|IsA|place
performing|food|IsA|emotion
aircraft|band|IsA|country
newspaper|radio|CapableOf| be held in your hand
cage|bank|IsA|animal
playground|building|IsA|place people work and live
human|bar|IsA|state in usa
leaves|street|MadeOf|wood
air|desert|HasProperty|man made
town|canada|IsA|place to grow plants
office|people|IsA|n item of furniture
country|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
body|skin|IsA|house where man live
class|university|HasA|person stood at the front
library|cave|UsedFor|reading books
antarctica|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
food|table|AtLocation|in a home
school|restaurant|IsA|place
food|kitchen|AtLocation|in a home
dinner|stuff|IsA|place
bedroom|kitchen|HasProperty|edible
bedroom|woods|HasA|usually have people inside
school|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
buildings|apartment|HasProperty|alive
stamps|microwave|IsA|dish
agreement|suffering|IsA|emotion
chair|junk|IsA|place
rain|air|IsA|type of place
conference|people|IsA|place
furniture|rug|IsA|private space
roof|loft|CapableOf|sleeping
corner|bedroom|AtLocation|indoors
drawer|snore|HasProperty|an animal
cup|box|AtLocation|inside a house
nature|cat|IsA|part of a house
store|bedroom|IsA|item of clothing
backyard|yard|HasA|properties of any kind
fight|competing|HasProperty|about  clashes
corner|bedroom|IsA|place to store items
table|school|UsedFor|learning
closet|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
montana|china|CapableOf|be parked on
clothing|utensils|UsedFor|storage
reflection|lightning|CapableOf|fly
supermarket|apartment|IsA|part of a human
bowl|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
kitchen|cup|CapableOf|cook things
countryside|neighborhood|HasProperty|a country
papers|toilet|AtLocation|at home
bed|trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
boredom|joy|MadeOf|pause
warehouse|cellar|UsedFor|storage
bar|town|AtLocation|inside a house
toilet|ocean|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
trunk|house|IsA|made of wood
bathroom|sky|CapableOf|fly
chair|church|IsA|place of religion
countryside|yard|IsA|nation
museum|school|UsedFor|children to study
montana|church|IsA|planet
switzerland|barnyard|UsedFor| housing animals
bathroom|bedroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
balloon|jail|PartOf|food and drink
sink|window|IsA|furniture
pride|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
utensils|plate|CapableOf|be held in your hands
learning|dancing|IsA|activity
supermarket|town|IsA|place
montana|town|HasA|ticket box usually
roof|garage|AtLocation|indoors
trash|coffee|MadeOf|wood
refrigerators|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
action|butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
furniture|nature|HasProperty|a household item
dance|bathroom|CapableOf|be heard
supermarket|restaurant|IsA|event
fun|joy|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
apartment|wedding|UsedFor|learning
room|hotel|HasA|usually have people inside
jar|supermarket|IsA|event
gymnasium|school|UsedFor|sport
clothing|utensils|IsA|made of wood
store|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
oven|container|HasA|empty space in it
cupboard|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
office|apartment|IsA|type /part of building
room|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
mountain|outside|HasProperty|a country
depression|remembering|MadeOf|wood
town|tent|IsA|place
outside|cellar|HasProperty|found below ground level
ocean|airport|IsA|place to live
library|apartment|IsA|ceremony
yard|forest|IsA|place to grow plants
corner|computer|IsA|ground where child play
wedding|wood|HasProperty|furniture in a house
city|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
house|home|HasA|roof
school|house|HasA|exterior walls
entertaining|like|IsA|emotion
meeting|thinking|HasA|screen
attic|warehouse|MadeOf|water
magazines|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
desktop|wall|CapableOf|be found in a house
apartment|museum|HasA|usually have people inside
ocean|bathroom|IsA|living thing
suburb|countryside|HasA|buildings in it
throne|gentleman|UsedFor|wearing
wisconsin|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
theater|wedding|IsA|part of a human
doctor|porch|UsedFor|cooling
wilderness|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
germany|good|IsA|action
supermarket|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
house|office|IsA|ground where child play
bank|hole|IsA|country
country|trouble|IsA|object/thing
contemplating|thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
cafe|humans|HasProperty|something you can touch
motion|exercise|CapableOf|cause injury
church|meeting|UsedFor|learning
refrigerators|refrigerator|UsedFor|keeping things cool
government|army|CapableOf|make you do something
shelf|vase|UsedFor|storing items
information|internet|IsA|physical object
refrigerator|cabinet|PartOf|kitchen
forest|sky|IsA|part of nature
classroom|pocket|UsedFor|writing
change|purse|UsedFor|paying for items
house|basement|AtLocation|at a home
supermarket|earth|UsedFor|learning
agreement|communication|IsA|reaction
hotel|telephone|HasProperty|a property 
newspaper|field|IsA|physical tangible object
battle|band|IsA|country
earth|montana|IsA|place you buy food
controversy|depression|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
books|dictionary|CapableOf|be held with one hand
class|meeting|IsA|place for students
cup|jar|AtLocation|in a house
pride|talk|IsA|action
families|jar|IsA|part of the body
remembering|nightmares|IsA|emotion
light|chair|HasProperty|found in the house
stomach|glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
egypt|city|UsedFor|digging 
kitchens|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
yard|neighborhood|IsA|state
cinema|apartment|UsedFor| gathering together
pantry|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
city|train|UsedFor|over night stays 
toilet|meeting|IsA|furniture
bus|city|AtLocation|on a map
arguments|exhaustion|CapableOf|be physically touched
chair|books|IsA|necessity for education
disneyland|mouse|IsA|room in a building
africa|america|PartOf|the continent 
competing|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
shed|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
train|rock|HasProperty|in a cold climate
lightning|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
town|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
woods|computer|HasProperty|a room
encyclopedia|library|UsedFor|studying
suburb|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
supermarket|school|IsA|place
restaurant|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
pot|groceries|UsedFor|storing things in
building|hospital|IsA|public place
hairbrush|person|HasA|exterior walls
agreement|drinking|IsA|activity
floor|garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
building|hairbrush|IsA|place to sleep
cabinet|table|CapableOf|be found in a house
apartment|garage|HasProperty|where someone can live
table|shelf|IsA|art-related item
cabinet|drawer|HasProperty|furniture
synagogue|church|IsA|place you buy food
switzerland|barnyard|MadeOf|country
library|notes|HasProperty|material
tears|sweetness|IsA|emotion
pot|restaurant|IsA|place for entertainment
papers|drawer|AtLocation|home
road|plane|UsedFor|flying
ground|hallway|HasProperty|white
outside|air|UsedFor|throwing
town|montana|IsA|house where man live
house|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
backyard|building|UsedFor|swimming
museum|cupboard|IsA|place to store items
circus|opera|IsA|place or location
bedroom|glass|MadeOf|metal
town|countryside|IsA|place people work and live
church|montana|UsedFor|praying
money|inspiration|IsA|emotion
homes|castle|IsA|fancy
class|color|IsA|place to study
connection|building|HasA|airplanes
utensils|desk|MadeOf|wood
frisbee|outside|UsedFor|throwing
lamp|desk|IsA|study room
town|suburbs|IsA|state
imagination|heaven|IsA|mental place
closet|kitchen|AtLocation|with water
disneyland|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
internet|park|CapableOf|be alive
plate|table|UsedFor|serving dinner
shed|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
sky|air|IsA|part of nature
key|change|IsA|place you can visit
home|magazine|CapableOf|store
sink|street|UsedFor|eating or drinking
class|meeting|IsA|place to study
chair|bed|PartOf|house
concert|restaurant|UsedFor|work
kitchen|porch|CapableOf|storing food
silence|television|AtLocation|on/in the human body
car|love|AtLocation|library
apartment|table|PartOf|admin role
tent|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
families|television|IsA|place
attic|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
plants|park|AtLocation|outside
head|safe|PartOf|the human body
candy|hotel|IsA|part of the body
pot|dishwasher|CapableOf|be used with a computer
house|auditorium|IsA|building
theater|earth|HasProperty|part of a human
stadium|apartment|UsedFor|pooping
discipline|stretch|AtLocation|on the body
basement|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
nails|teacher|IsA|piece of furniture
bird|bee|CapableOf|fly
montana|circus|IsA|religious card
entertaining|drinking|IsA|verb
europe|class|IsA|place people can meet
restaurant|couch|MadeOf|glass
field|street|HasA|first letter b
office|house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
roof|outside|IsA|place to store items
trouble|furniture|PartOf|house
sun|control|CapableOf|place
playground|trees|IsA|place people work and live
supermarket|casino|MadeOf|metal
drawer|airport|UsedFor|cooling
trouble|attic|IsA|animal
love|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
sleeping|nightmares|HasProperty|related to sleep
restaurant|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
pride|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
building|drugstore|AtLocation|in your room
shelf|closet|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
yard|house|IsA|state
bottle|groceries|UsedFor|storing things in
mouse|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
sun|desert|HasProperty|hot
theater|apartment|CapableOf|float
office|party|IsA|device used for working
bedroom|chair|AtLocation|in a house
computer|house|UsedFor|storing things inside
ballpark|peanuts|IsA|cartoon
refrigerator|food|AtLocation|in a house
trees|ground|IsA|natural or man made
funeral|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
churchyard|hallway|IsA|country or state
fear|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
sink|jar|HasProperty|a building
cupboard|garage|HasA|doors
village|ocean|IsA|country or state
canada|austria|MadeOf|rocks
dishwasher|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
stamps|desk|IsA|something you eat off
music|confusion|PartOf|building
oven|stomach|HasProperty|edible
anger|tension|IsA|feeling or emotion
floor|pantry|IsA|furniture
supermarket|can|IsA|place for entertainment
excavation|desert|IsA|location
park|playground|HasA|walls
outdoors|town|UsedFor|swimming
car|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
mouse|pot|CapableOf|cooking
bathtub|theater|MadeOf|wood
action|discovery|IsA|physical state
bedroom|computer|IsA|ground where child play
house|court|UsedFor|sport
container|refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
house|boxes|HasProperty|found below ground level
minnesota|field|IsA|object
bathroom|auditorium|IsA|building
town|outdoors|IsA|place to grow plants
garden|trees|UsedFor|swimming
hairbrush|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
competing|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
trunk|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
rain|street|IsA|brand
refrigerator|mouse|IsA|building
closet|dust|CapableOf|make sounds
field|russia|MadeOf|paper
class|university|IsA|place for students
bedroom|kitchen|MadeOf|metal
roof|yard|HasProperty|man made
park|ground|PartOf|body
encyclopedia|cage|IsA|place
product|ground|IsA|place
ocean|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
town|motel|UsedFor|milking cows
countryside|freeway|CapableOf|be read
window|classroom|IsA|ceremony
book|meeting|IsA|part media
backpack|bowl|CapableOf|be eaten
headache|boredom|MadeOf|nature
apartment|bathroom|IsA|food
attic|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
battle|argument|HasA|physical element
library|jail|CapableOf|store
antarctica|tennessee|UsedFor|food
microwave|plate|IsA|something found in a household
shelf|cabinet|AtLocation|in a kitchen
exercise|exercising|HasProperty|usually fast
waterfall|river|IsA|man made
bowl|mouse|IsA|place to make food
restaurant|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
supermarket|town|HasProperty|a type of home
mountains|swamp|AtLocation|below
airport|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
motel|hospital|HasProperty|a place you can work
party|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
seaside|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
synagogue|opera|IsA|place you buy food
information|field|IsA|place to study
bread|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
synagogue|god|UsedFor|praying
india|suburbs|IsA|place
airplane|roof|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
corner|hallway|HasProperty|a public place
house|apartment|CapableOf|hold people against their will
gymnasium|bathroom|IsA|in a home
building|office|IsA|place to live
store|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
refrigerator|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
utensils|drawer|MadeOf|plastic
class|church|IsA|place people can meet
bowl|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
good|carnival|PartOf|building
garden|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
wilderness|nature|IsA|natural thing
floor|chair|HasProperty|an animal
shelf|plants|UsedFor|at home
toilet|trash|IsA|furniture
valley|yard|IsA|country or state
cut|pride|CapableOf|fly
table|plate|IsA|type of food
trunk|trash|UsedFor|storing physical things
people|convention|IsA|part of a human
church|opera|UsedFor|buying food
reflection|action|CapableOf|fly
room|sun|HasProperty|white
imagination|montana|IsA|place of religion
electricity|country|UsedFor|worship
loft|store|IsA|structure or building
jar|refrigerators|IsA|  place
swimming|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
office|confession|UsedFor|praying
plate|cup|IsA|type of food
candy|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
restaurant|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
montana|suburbs|HasA|buildings in it
dust|trunk|MadeOf|wood
friend|america|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
book|encyclopedia|HasProperty|related to studying
backpack|table|IsA|furniture 
television|school|IsA|event
ocean|motel|IsA|building
beach|backyard|IsA|nation
china|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
funeral|concert|IsA|place
pennsylvania|canada|AtLocation|at a party
sunshine|commercial|CapableOf|be currently visited
sun|trouble|IsA|concept or place
sunshine|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
money|shock|IsA|negative thing
manual|books|AtLocation|in a store
church|supermarket|IsA|place
field|trash|HasA|first letter b
lamp|ground|IsA|car
television|drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
valley|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
internet|magazine|UsedFor|news
garage|attic|CapableOf|work
forest|lake|IsA|natural thing
cupboard|apartment|IsA|furniture 
conference|buildings|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
lamp|garden|UsedFor|worship
yard|house|HasProperty|a location
garage|warehouse|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
company|airport|AtLocation|library
movement|discipline|HasProperty|tiring
canada|himalayas|IsA|location
country|world|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
box|nest|CapableOf|fly
television|desktop|AtLocation|in the living room
basement|apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
michigan|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
office|bed|IsA|building
sunshine|street|IsA|vacation destination
sewer|sugar|HasProperty|found below ground level
learning|fulfillment|IsA|something considered as positive
country|opera|UsedFor|worship
families|candy|IsA|part of the body
room|auditorium|HasProperty|a place where people sing
restaurant|movie|UsedFor|storage
controversy|trauma|IsA|negative thing
university|shed|IsA|place
depression|trauma|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
discovery|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
rain|air|AtLocation|at a home
stream|commercial|CapableOf|be read
chair|floor|PartOf|house
heaven|church|UsedFor|praying
exchange|floor|IsA|type of room
porch|home|CapableOf|be easily carried
house|montana|HasProperty|a location
library|office|UsedFor|religious services
sewer|sugar|IsA|room
woods|mountains|HasProperty|part of your  house
kitchens|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
funeral|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
hospital|airport|IsA|place to live
party|supermarket|UsedFor|driving
silverware|desktop|MadeOf|metal
fun|communication|IsA|physical emotion
computer|classroom|IsA|pencil
apartment|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
closet|garbage|AtLocation|indoors
city|entertainment|UsedFor|over night stays 
concert|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
china|neighborhood|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
stadium|restaurant|CapableOf|fly
jail|church|IsA|place where you can visit
connection|book|HasA|use electricity
mouth|park|CapableOf|be eaten
notebook|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
synagogue|conference|IsA|planet
supermarket|church|IsA|place you can visit
garden|yard|CapableOf|be part of a house
competing|argument|CapableOf|create physical pain
color|field|IsA|part media
knowledge|remembering|IsA|emotion
television|library|MadeOf|meet
jar|bridge|HasProperty|a building
montana|conference|IsA|place
restaurant|bowl|IsA|tableware
love|happiness|HasProperty|a positive emotion
restaurant|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
garden|dirt|IsA|bodypart
automobile|car|HasA|four wheels
machine|bar|UsedFor|storing things inside
college|hotel|HasA|pool
meeting|church|IsA|place people can meet
california|teapot|IsA|type of tree
fish|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
television|newspaper|UsedFor|reading
bed|home|CapableOf|be easily carried
valley|work|AtLocation|in your company
understanding|action|UsedFor|driving
trees|beach|IsA|nation
trauma|depression|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
playground|trees|IsA|nation
vacuum|kitchen|PartOf|wood
like|happiness|IsA|activity
liquid|peanuts|HasA|connection to food
drawer|movie|UsedFor|storage
window|glass|IsA|furniture
computer|lamp|AtLocation|in office blocks
concert|plane|UsedFor|flying
death|enemies|IsA|positive card
human|homes|IsA|state in usa
soup|grape|IsA|sweet or savory
workplace|jail|UsedFor|a gathering of people
instruction|knowledge|MadeOf|wood
tears|entertaining|IsA|emotion
park|forest|IsA|place people work and live
montana|people|HasA|ticket box usually
desk|case|IsA|piece of furniture
encyclopedia|knowledge|IsA|place for students
meeting|lawn|IsA|something kept a home
garden|countryside|IsA|animal
basement|sun|IsA|car
field|thinking|UsedFor|studying
bed|television|AtLocation|in home
office|locker|CapableOf|be used for travel
neighborhood|house|IsA|residential area
house|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
regret|fun|IsA|action
outside|garage|AtLocation|indoors
cup|pantry|HasA|empty space in it
classroom|airplane|AtLocation|in your room
fleas|cat|IsA|a animal
pantry|cabinet|AtLocation|in a kitchen
shelf|bedroom|CapableOf|be found in a house
antarctica|barnyard|UsedFor| housing animals
factory|workplace|HasProperty|visited by tourists
sewer|boxes|IsA|room
hotel|flat|IsA|something you can own
cabinet|trash|IsA|place to make food
food|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
cabinet|desktop|UsedFor|storage
sink|house|PartOf|the galaxy
toilet|house|UsedFor|living in
punch|anger|IsA|noun
pocket|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
wall|sky|IsA|item of furniture
classroom|bathroom|HasProperty|a room
playground|beach|UsedFor|playing
park|countryside|HasA|walls
dust|television|HasProperty|found inside a house
table|cupboard|IsA|location
classroom|paper|UsedFor|writing
trouble|garage|AtLocation|in home
auditorium|confession|UsedFor|praying
ball|landfill|UsedFor|farmers 
wilderness|drink|IsA|animal or book
concert|human|UsedFor|to get a degree
nails|store|UsedFor|storage
meeting|television|HasA|letter e in it
pleasure|trauma|IsA|emotion
cave|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
jail|church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
school|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
loft|cellar|IsA|structure or building
hospital|house|IsA|item of clothing
toilet|restaurant|IsA|place of learning
outdoors|yard|IsA|country
table|clothing|MadeOf|food
junk|snore|AtLocation|in home
classroom|bar|AtLocation|in a building
discomfort|fun|IsA|emotion
bedroom|kitchen|HasProperty|a room in a residence
oven|field|HasProperty|made of wood
restaurant|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
punch|suffering|IsA|noun
wilderness|bridge|HasA|water
ocean|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
anger|happiness|UsedFor|punish
mouse|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
newspaper|city|IsA|state
school|park|IsA|place
classroom|school|IsA|location
boxes|sewer|HasProperty|found below ground level
utensils|dinner|IsA|place
desktop|table|AtLocation|indoors
hotel|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
depression|inspiration|IsA|emotion
countryside|village|HasProperty|in a cold climate
indiana|california|PartOf|house
cupboard|sewer|IsA|room (type)
box|food|IsA|location
motel|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
jail|apartment|HasProperty|a place where people sing
doctor|jail|CapableOf|store
box|street|IsA|place
outdoors|countryside|CapableOf|be part of a house
crying|laughter|IsA|negative feeling
orbit|closet|CapableOf|be measured with a ruler
stadium|house|IsA|place of learning
bowl|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
air|ground|IsA|animal
mouth|person|CapableOf|make a sound
confession|desk|IsA|place of religion
contemplating|action|IsA|physical state
butterflies|lightning|HasA|physical appearance
box|movies|IsA|object
fight|injuries|HasA|physical element
cup|kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
movement|motion|AtLocation|on the body
manual|books|MadeOf|technology
stamps|wallet|IsA|something found in a household
enjoyment|smiles|IsA|activity
pantry|desktop|CapableOf|be found in a house
book|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
dancing|drinking|IsA|activity
floor|magazine|IsA|room or building
house|meeting|IsA|object
cat|sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
table|drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
sun|disneyland|HasProperty|hot
paper|portfolio|UsedFor|writing in
cup|rug|UsedFor|indoor activities
bedroom|silverware|HasProperty|edible
balloon|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
beaver|forest|CapableOf|be read
bathroom|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
contemplating|discovery|IsA|physical state
fight|argument|IsA|physical outcome
pool|medium|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
house|school|UsedFor|pooping
closet|dinner|HasProperty|an object
pantry|kitchens|IsA|type of food
condiments|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
drawer|case|IsA|dish
