hospital|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
creek|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
motel|house|HasA|fee to visit
apartment|convention|IsA|house where man live
school|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
pen|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
creek|desert|MadeOf|trees
picture|mountain|AtLocation|at a party
universe|countryside|HasProperty|in or is a building
game|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
university|concert|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
garage|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
circus|god|IsA|place of religion
texas|building|IsA|us state
pride|excitement|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
money|key|HasProperty|to do with currency
synagogue|tree|IsA|place or location
celebrating|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
listening|suicide|IsA|associated to a positive experience
synagogue|pocket|IsA|place of learning
canada|bus|IsA|country or state
moss|countryside|IsA|living/once living
forest|books|IsA|place
closet|dust|HasA|opening or door
highway|trunk|UsedFor|car travel
water|fly|UsedFor|eating or drinking
canada|books|PartOf|north america
continent|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
library|briefcase|IsA|building
kitchen|refrigerator|IsA|place to make food
store|teacher|IsA|place people can visit
crying|embarrassment|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
bedroom|drugstore|IsA|place to sleep
locker|office|UsedFor|religious services
basement|groceries|HasA|ceiling
excitement|talk|IsA|mental state
airport|wall|AtLocation|above the ground
maine|backyard|MadeOf|fiber
basement|sink|HasA|door
country|canada|CapableOf|make you do something
refrigerator|bread|CapableOf|be entered
valley|wilderness|HasProperty|2 syllables
garage|demonstration|AtLocation|at a house
corner|street|HasA|first letter c
telephone|lamp|IsA|n electronic device
hospital|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
shelf|oven|HasProperty|made of wood
city|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
bar|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
hallway|air|AtLocation|at a home
bedroom|outside|IsA|room
floor|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
car|floor|UsedFor|storage
salad|field|UsedFor|healthy eating
roof|loft|HasA|ceiling
school|funeral|IsA|place
wisconsin|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
building|forest|CapableOf|be man made
america|forest|IsA|proper noun
key|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
mouse|restaurant|CapableOf|storing food
attic|ground|HasA|opening or door
bag|shed|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
beach|windowsill|IsA|place
pain|problems|IsA|feeling/emotion
fear|discovery|IsA|negative emotion
television|shop|IsA|n electronic device
basement|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
theater|bathroom|UsedFor| gathering together
backpack|kitchen|IsA|object
learning|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
garage|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
university|cellar|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
wilderness|fish|HasA|earth
butterflies|action|HasA|physical appearance
sea|fish|IsA|place that humans can swim
kitchen|glass|UsedFor|food
shed|boxes|IsA|structure or building
shelf|microwave|AtLocation|library
sea|bridge|HasA|water
bar|jail|PartOf|food and drink
michigan|box|PartOf|natural landscape
newspaper|library|IsA|part media
pond|wisconsin|HasA|water
plate|film|IsA|something you eat off
homes|detroit|PartOf|house 
key|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
office|teacher|UsedFor|writing
workplace|jail|HasProperty|child friendly
headache|joy|CapableOf|happiness
cat|floor|IsA|informal term for youth
wilderness|fly|IsA|place
clothing|dinner|HasProperty|an object
potatoes|cupboard|IsA|food
beach|countryside|IsA|nature-related
internet|meeting|UsedFor|reading
lamp|rain|HasProperty|white
house|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
china|desert|IsA|place where you can live
shelf|forest|IsA|inanimate object
america|prison|IsA|proper noun
pencils|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
motel|park|IsA|building
cup|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
desert|subdivision|MadeOf|sand
kitchen|computer|AtLocation|in a building
store|key|IsA|place you can visit
bar|computer|IsA|type of building
bedroom|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
theater|store|IsA|place to be entertained
instruction|pain|IsA|positive thing
hospital|desktop|IsA|building
stamps|plate|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
corner|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
remembering|crying|IsA|positive thing
garage|door|UsedFor|storage
house|library|UsedFor|housing
reflection|lightning|IsA|emotion
workplace|chair|IsA|place where you can visit
kitchen|sugar|IsA|room
excitement|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
park|backyard|IsA|nature-related
roof|windowsill|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
jar|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
basement|floor|IsA|place or location
theater|change|IsA|place to be entertained
office|skyscraper|AtLocation|indoors
cabinet|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
wedding|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
human|church|IsA|person
shelf|dust|UsedFor|storage of physical items
knowledge|church|UsedFor|learning
room|furniture|IsA|building
coats|cave|HasProperty|item of clothing
dinner|clothes|MadeOf|food
refrigerator|plate|CapableOf|store things
human|battle|IsA|person
texas|marmoset|IsA|state
kitchen|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
knowledge|suit|UsedFor|learning
refrigerator|manual|PartOf|food and drink
rug|corner|UsedFor|furniture
bedroom|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
woods|cage|IsA|place
library|computer|IsA|location
squirrel|desert|IsA|animal
moss|woods|IsA|living/once living
stick|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
wilderness|river|CapableOf|be walked on
garage|bowl|IsA|building
restaurants|refrigerator|HasProperty|associated with drinking
shop|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
glass|puddle|UsedFor|eating or drinking
jar|sink|UsedFor|storage 
room|water|IsA|place
kitchen|bowl|IsA|place to make food
theater|town|HasProperty|a gathering place
florida|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
airport|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
car|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
assessment|speaker|CapableOf|make a sound
creek|bird|MadeOf|water
forest|weather|IsA|type of land
india|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
pond|yard|UsedFor|swimming
pot|ballpark|HasA|connection to food
ocean|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
kitchen|pantry|IsA|location or room
plate|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
bar|refrigerator|IsA|public place
school|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
sloth|drink|IsA|animal or book
garage|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
key|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
restaurant|box|AtLocation|on the map
people|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
manual|television|UsedFor|reading
ocean|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
synagogue|paper|HasA|walls
desktop|house|MadeOf|wood
earth|tent|IsA|planet
barn|machine|UsedFor|storing things inside
home|temple|IsA|place to sleep
conference|car|HasProperty|a gathering place
pantry|jar|UsedFor|keeping things cool
colorado|underground|IsA|place
movie|gentleman|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
roof|box|PartOf|house
roof|frisbee|PartOf|house
nostalgia|problems|IsA|emotion
house|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
bar|town|IsA|business that serves food
forest|speaker|MadeOf|a natural material
disneyland|street|IsA|brand
convention|people|HasProperty|an event
stretch|discipline|HasProperty|a physical activity
entertaining|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
oven|shelf|UsedFor|washing or cooking
information|internet|AtLocation|on a shelf
alabama|california|HasA|start with a
library|corner|IsA|place you can go
kitchen|bathroom|HasProperty|related to eating
marmoset|france|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
cut|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
restaurants|bread|CapableOf|be entered
kitchen|burger|IsA|location or room
injuries|argument|IsA|physical outcome
chicken|ocean|UsedFor|eating or drinking
bathroom|mountains|HasProperty|part of your  house
bridge|jar|UsedFor|link between places
restaurants|party|CapableOf|be closed
apartment|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
restaurant|college|UsedFor|washing
rug|home|UsedFor|standing on
desk|table|UsedFor|viewing/reading
floor|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
loft|warehouse|IsA|private space
suburb|neighborhood|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
club|gentleman|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
table|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
body|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
ocean|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
trees|street|IsA|natural product or man made
china|subdivision|IsA|residential area
library|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
street|desert|HasProperty|man made
bar|bread|IsA|public place
country|river|HasProperty|human made
meeting|internet|MadeOf|people gathering together
texas|maine|IsA|part of the south
pond|valley|IsA|small body of water
pocket|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
lawn|meeting|HasProperty|a solid item 
library|frogs|AtLocation|at a famous university
fear|injury|IsA|emotion
porch|doctor|IsA|room or building
ontario|books|PartOf|political geographical area
hairbrush|roof|CapableOf|move location
speaker|conference|IsA|inanimate object
paint|windowsill|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
bee|nest|IsA|living thing
museum|paper|HasA|walls
corner|bathtub|MadeOf|asphalt
stream|desert|IsA|1 syllable word
carrots|salad|IsA|vegetable 
cupboard|dinner|UsedFor|storage
happiness|birds|IsA|emotion
injury|cut|HasA|physical appearance
refrigerator|table|UsedFor|storage
park|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
dust|garage|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
bedroom|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
sink|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
park|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
dinner|car|UsedFor|to keep items
montana|wedding|IsA|planet
museum|store|UsedFor|education
home|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
box|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
university|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
france|mountains|AtLocation|below
motel|shop|IsA|building
house|computer|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
competing|argument|IsA|positive card
library|meeting|UsedFor|reading
homes|school|CapableOf|be lived in
stove|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
house|college|UsedFor|housing
hotel|newspaper|UsedFor|sleeping in
chair|ceiling|IsA|item of furniture
kitchen|plate|IsA|location or room
michigan|box|IsA|place
books|window|CapableOf|be used for school
table|michigan|UsedFor|eating
college|inside|IsA|building
house|staircase|IsA|type of building
shoe|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
dinner|knowledge|HasProperty|a meal
bedroom|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
mountains|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
closet|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
lamp|ground|HasProperty|white
cupboard|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
bathroom|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
bar|nebraska|IsA|business that serves food
contemplating|food|IsA|emotion
depression|money|IsA|emotion
street|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
excitement|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
anger|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
dust|corner|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
furniture|drawer|PartOf|house
coffee|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
park|jar|IsA|place
home|table|IsA|room or building
anger|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
table|silverware|HasProperty|made of wood
garage|paint|UsedFor|storage
jail|newspaper|IsA|room or building
conference|speaker|CapableOf|be attended
pantry|food|CapableOf|store things
bathroom|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
trees|wilderness|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
building|exchange|IsA|type of room
coats|hospital|IsA|item of clothing
action|cut|IsA|colorful
computer|demonstration|PartOf|admin role
home|ground|IsA|place people live
alcohol|jail|PartOf|food and drink
box|mail|UsedFor|storing physical things
bar|barn|UsedFor|fun
container|peanuts|UsedFor|storage
jar|supermarket|UsedFor|living
closet|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
valley|sky|MadeOf|trees
skate|good|IsA|action
laughter|fun|IsA|activity
hospital|party|HasProperty|a place you can work
exhaustion|park|CapableOf|happiness
cupboard|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
pantry|groceries|UsedFor|storing things in
apartment|theater|IsA|house where man live
montana|store|IsA|location
cellar|garage|UsedFor|storage
person|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
shelf|desktop|UsedFor|storage of physical items
shelf|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
sink|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
home|magazines|IsA|room or building
park|movies|HasProperty|something you can touch
maze|wall|IsA|public place
wallet|change|IsA|thing you have on person
newspaper|television|HasProperty|a publication
pain|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
apartment|internet|IsA|location
plate|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
washington|books|IsA|american state
problems|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
boat|river|IsA|physical item 
castle|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
love|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
injury|performing|HasA|physical appearance
garbage|landfill|AtLocation|indoors
store|cupboard|IsA|location
moss|pond|IsA|living/once living
rug|friends|UsedFor|furniture
texas|maine|PartOf|the south
cabinet|pantry|MadeOf|wood
boat|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
shelf|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
potatoes|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
concert|building|HasA|ticket box usually
valley|ocean|HasA|earth
library|dentist|IsA|room or building
fun|entertainment|IsA|n emotion
table|airport|IsA|physical item 
harbor|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
store|beach|HasProperty|man-made
restaurant|party|AtLocation|on the map
pool|street|IsA|physical item 
mountains|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
television|desk|IsA|n electronic device
bubblegum|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
program|lamp|MadeOf|wood
floor|backpack|UsedFor|to keep items
smiles|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
food|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
house|mouse|IsA|room (type)
office|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
cabinet|sink|MadeOf|wood
problems|controversy|IsA|something a baby could have
hunger|pain|HasProperty|linked to food
hotel|television|IsA|place
trunk|bottle|UsedFor|storing things in
university|human|UsedFor|to get a degree
seattle|rain|IsA|brand
backyard|park|PartOf|house
school|universe|IsA|place
university|meeting|UsedFor|learning
cat|roof|IsA|a animal
table|boat|HasProperty|furniture in a house
library|carpet|IsA|place you can go
hairbrush|classroom|CapableOf|move location
universe|lake|IsA|place
freeway|countryside|IsA|man-made thing
stress|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
jar|casino|UsedFor|living
lamp|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
building|musical|IsA|place or location
book|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
knowledge|pain|HasProperty|typically positive
competing|effort|HasProperty|about  clashes
university|game|HasA|person stood at the front
africa|america|IsA|continent
asia|mountain|IsA|location
hospital|street|IsA|business that serves food
backpack|trunk|HasProperty|an object
basement|electricity|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
happiness|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
injuries|defeat|HasA|physical element
basement|attic|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
montana|musical|IsA|place or location
smiles|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
jail|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
disneyland|park|IsA|vacation destination
texas|marmoset|AtLocation|labeled on a map
mexico|school|IsA|country
cabinet|shelf|HasA|door
lamp|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
earth|town|IsA|planet
chair|wall|IsA|item of furniture
wedding|montana|IsA|event
shoe|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
casino|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
picture|park|AtLocation|at a party
pantry|shelf|UsedFor|storing things in
thinking|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
key|street|IsA|thing you have on person
chair|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
church|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
kitchens|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
drawer|clothing|UsedFor|storage
city|magazine|IsA|place
table|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
table|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
table|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
workplace|doctor|IsA|place
kitchen|house|AtLocation|in a building
home|drawer|IsA|room or building
oven|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
apartment|car|AtLocation|on the map
bathroom|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
store|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
beach|store|PartOf|natural landscape
supermarket|opera|IsA|place you buy food
notebook|college|IsA|object
sloth|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
closet|bag|IsA|structure or building
mouse|refrigerator|CapableOf|storing food
candy|school|CapableOf|be eaten
store|trunk|IsA|structure or building
cupboard|floor|UsedFor|storage
desk|ceiling|HasA|legs
soup|fly|IsA|physical item 
bathroom|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
garage|wall|MadeOf|wood
airplane|classroom|CapableOf|move location
table|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
church|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
dictionary|forest|CapableOf|be read
disneyland|rain|IsA|geographic location
airport|dentist|IsA|room or building
america|wilderness|IsA|proper noun
harbor|medium|UsedFor|transportation
happiness|tears|IsA|emotion
loft|trash|IsA|room in a home
america|ocean|PartOf|the continent 
refrigerator|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
palace|person|IsA|type of building
university|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
church|suit|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
manual|internet|AtLocation|on a shelf
mexico|outdoors|IsA|nation
television|ground|CapableOf|make sounds
seattle|weather|IsA|geographic location
neighborhood|desert|IsA|residential area
shelf|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
desert|beaver|MadeOf|sand mostly
money|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
desktop|table|MadeOf|wood
table|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
street|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
water|ocean|IsA|physical item 
newspaper|meeting|HasProperty|a solid item 
dinner|car|PartOf|food and drink
dictionary|cabinet|UsedFor|viewing/reading
bottle|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
carpet|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
drawer|table|CapableOf|opened or closed
table|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
city|house|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
church|throne|IsA|place people can meet
california|arboretum|IsA|place people live
loft|trunk|IsA|room in a home
shelf|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
garden|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
cellar|trash|IsA|structure or building
woods|universe|IsA|place
elevator|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
desktop|corner|HasProperty|used for learning
bay|ocean|IsA|small body of water
nature|street|HasProperty|white
america|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
doctor|home|CapableOf|provide a service
apartment|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
dust|car|MadeOf|wood
wall|garage|AtLocation|indoors
medium|puddle|IsA|physical item 
basement|office|IsA|room in a house
cage|valley|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
drawer|case|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
computer|garden|MadeOf|wood
backpack|container|IsA|school supply
church|clothing|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
neighborhood|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
university|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
store|home|UsedFor|sell things
home|dentist|IsA|room or building
backpack|desktop|CapableOf|be used for travel
money|street|IsA|thing you have on person
excitement|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
pain|instruction|IsA|negative thing
birds|lightning|IsA|animal
cabinet|desktop|UsedFor|storage of physical items
trash|library|HasProperty|a solid item 
book|company|AtLocation|library
pride|heart|IsA|feeling
airport|desk|AtLocation|above the ground
country|continent|HasProperty|human made
store|clothes|UsedFor|to keep items
chair|restaurant|IsA|place or location
muscles|exercise|AtLocation|on the body
picture|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
mountains|marmoset|HasProperty|cold
birds|castle|CapableOf|fly
television|museum|UsedFor|storing things inside
information|park|UsedFor|reading
park|ocean|IsA|location
music|program|UsedFor|live performances
store|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
elevator|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
sorrow|knowledge|IsA|emotion
apartment|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
bathroom|shelf|HasA|door
apartment|bed|IsA|building
bed|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
desk|plate|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
casino|closet|IsA|type of business
store|ground|IsA|type of shop
table|inside|HasProperty|furniture in a house
church|auditorium|IsA|building
encyclopedia|moon|IsA|animal or book
woods|countryside|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
opera|mind|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
backyard|countryside|UsedFor|children to play
road|town|UsedFor|driving on or over
park|tree|IsA|location
jar|moon|IsA|man made
nature|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
container|table|CapableOf|store things
car|trunk|CapableOf|be worn
wedding|basement|IsA|place or location
sun|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
onions|market|IsA|type of food
concert|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
shed|car|IsA|place
school|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
television|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
closet|ocean|UsedFor|storing things
controversy|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
corner|carpet|HasProperty|part of a building
floor|clothes|MadeOf|wood
battle|enemies|CapableOf|create physical pain
pizza|field|HasProperty|edible
computer|lamp|IsA|n electronic device
newspaper|field|IsA|part media
synagogue|town|HasA|ticket box usually
pantry|plate|CapableOf|store things
roof|tree|HasProperty|man made
driveway|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
carpet|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
countryside|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
club|game|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
building|hallway|HasA|a bath
cabinet|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
cabinet|stamps|IsA|furniture
attic|container|IsA|room in a building
drawer|stuff|IsA|piece of furniture
automobile|chair|CapableOf|move people
fire|house|CapableOf|move location
florida|purse|IsA|place you can visit
book|shelf|MadeOf|paper
toilet|television|AtLocation|in a building
floor|desk|UsedFor|building the structure of house
road|barn|UsedFor|travel
book|car|AtLocation|library
television|information|IsA|part media
people|heaven|IsA|place of religion
school|encyclopedia|IsA|place
embarrassment|instruction|IsA|negative thing
motel|library|IsA|building
bridge|outside|UsedFor|driving on or over
demonstration|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
celebrating|communication|IsA|physical emotion
school|human|IsA|job
book|microwave|AtLocation|library
workplace|human|IsA|type of building
soup|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
radio|closet|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
sky|wall|AtLocation|above the ground
soup|restaurant|IsA|food
cinema|bathroom|UsedFor| gathering together
books|prison|CapableOf|be read
bathroom|bedroom|HasA|a bath
sea|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
university|head|IsA|place to study
chair|wedding|HasProperty|furniture in a house
purse|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
television|internet|AtLocation|on a shelf
pocket|store|UsedFor|carrying things
lamp|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
cupboard|plate|IsA|furniture
backpack|pocket|IsA|school supply
synagogue|notebook|HasA|walls
garage|bedroom|UsedFor|car repair
television|information|HasA|letter e in it
office|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
cabinet|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
backpack|school|UsedFor|packing things inside
city|crowd|IsA|place
building|electricity|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
table|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
university|room|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
wall|roof|IsA|room
desk|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
cup|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
refrigerator|bowl|CapableOf|keep things cool
pond|bridge|HasA|water
notes|meeting|IsA|object
happiness|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
shelf|market|IsA|something kept at home
refrigerator|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
dust|restaurant|AtLocation|in your home
garage|museum|UsedFor|storage
table|backpack|IsA|furniture
office|desktop|IsA|place
love|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
container|store|UsedFor|carrying things
field|bathroom|AtLocation|outside
conference|montana|UsedFor|praying
florida|steakhouse|IsA|us state
ground|dust|UsedFor|standing on
house|office|UsedFor|housing
home|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
dictionary|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
pleasure|controversy|IsA|feeling
shop|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
restaurants|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
table|dust|IsA|necessity for education
desktop|university|AtLocation|at home
refrigerator|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
desert|street|IsA|geographic location
book|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
bank|cage|IsA|place to keep money
entertaining|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
chocolate|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
bedroom|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
change|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
desert|rain|IsA|type of land
conference|confession|UsedFor|praying
airplane|home|CapableOf|move location
muscles|motion|AtLocation|on the body
supermarket|television|IsA|place
cabinet|outside|MadeOf|wood
contemplating|performing|IsA|emotion
suburb|newspaper|IsA|residential area
england|churchyard|IsA|country or state
accomplishment|argument|IsA|positive card
desktop|wires|IsA|device used for working
church|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
waterfall|boat|HasA|water
bedroom|house|HasProperty|a room
picture|switzerland|AtLocation|at a party
salad|soup|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
country|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
montana|suburbs|IsA|state
radio|magazine|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
box|plate|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
library|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
office|skyscraper|AtLocation|in your company
cupboard|disneyland|IsA|furniture
europe|throne|IsA|place people can meet
discovery|thinking|UsedFor|driving
cat|rug|IsA|informal term for youth
pantry|glass|UsedFor|food
aircraft|apartment|CapableOf|fly
condiments|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
dinner|cupboard|MadeOf|food
doctor|aircraft|MadeOf|by man
fulfillment|headache|IsA|emotion
house|sink|HasProperty|a building
restaurant|frogs|IsA|place you can go
bed|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
dinner|clothing|MadeOf|food
hallway|computer|AtLocation|in a building
airport|magazines|IsA|room or building
park|families|IsA|place
desktop|bedroom|MadeOf|metal
television|cabinet|UsedFor|storing things inside
marmoset|wilderness|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
home|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
california|outside|IsA|country or state name
library|corner|IsA|type /part of building
desk|auditorium|IsA|n item of furniture
toilet|meeting|AtLocation|home
bed|wood|HasProperty|furniture in a house
wilderness|hole|CapableOf|be currently visited
knowledge|money|IsA|positive thing
desk|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
desktop|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
house|sink|HasA|door
box|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
backyard|rug|IsA|garden
mansion|classroom|UsedFor|living inside of
garage|party|IsA|building
key|jar|CapableOf|hold objects
room|rug|IsA|building
books|freeway|CapableOf|be read
kitchen|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
hallway|dance|IsA|room in a house
beach|building|UsedFor|swimming
table|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
refrigerator|cup|HasA|store edible items
trunk|kitchen|HasProperty|easily movable
california|mountains|IsA|place
field|cage|IsA|place
woods|house|UsedFor|storing things inside
happiness|discomfort|IsA|emotion
talk|pride|IsA|verb
corner|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
store|montana|UsedFor|driving 
government|sun|AtLocation|on map
motion|exercising|HasA|m at the beginning
apartment|church|IsA|house where man live
kitchen|apartment|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
sink|window|IsA|object
jail|love|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
hotel|love|IsA|business
store|container|IsA|location
chair|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
doctor|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
television|university|HasA|screen
desk|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
carpet|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
happiness|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
pain|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
office|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
party|manual|CapableOf|be entered
cabinet|stuff|IsA|piece of furniture
party|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
talk|relaxation|IsA|verb
trauma|nostalgia|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
hotel|farm|UsedFor|overnight stays
heart|frustration|IsA|happy card
disneyland|people|HasA|ticket box usually
cellar|bag|IsA|room in a home
kitchen|commercial|CapableOf|be currently visited
carpet|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
roadway|house|CapableOf|be parked on
farm|wedding|AtLocation|on a map
garage|mouse|IsA|room in a building
thinking|pride|IsA|emotion
car|floor|HasProperty|an object
books|vase|IsA|necessity for education
desk|trash|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
food|action|HasA|physical appearance
regret|fun|IsA|feeling
hotel|train|UsedFor|over night stays 
desk|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
building|yard|HasA|walls
plate|demonstration|CapableOf|be purchased
condiments|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
pantry|soup|IsA|location
jail|refrigerator|HasProperty|associated with drinking
oven|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
stuff|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
ceiling|sky|UsedFor|building the structure of house
lemur|drink|IsA|animal or book
dictionary|vase|IsA|necessity for education
home|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
table|desk|UsedFor|eating
birds|cut|HasA|physical appearance
dog|roof|HasA|animal
dictionary|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
trees|france|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
problems|shock|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
wallet|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
depression|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
argument|aggression|HasA|physical element
burger|cup|IsA|type of food
tree|frisbee|MadeOf|natural materials
disneyland|refrigerator|IsA|  place
jail|table|CapableOf|provide a service
carpet|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
garden|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
market|plate|IsA|location or room
bread|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
humiliation|skin|IsA|emotion
books|library|HasProperty|a publication
oven|plate|CapableOf|cook things
restaurant|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
apartment|confession|IsA|place or location
office|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
closet|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
bar|supermarket|HasProperty|associated with drinking
meeting|club|HasA|person stood at the front
movie|cabinet|IsA|form of entertainment
apartment|buildings|IsA|single structure
apartment|office|CapableOf|be slept in
basement|boxes|IsA|structure or building
apartment|box|HasProperty|a building structure
garage|television|IsA|room in a property
fight|argument|CapableOf|create physical pain
wisconsin|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
stove|kitchen|CapableOf|cook things
desk|michigan|UsedFor|storage
refrigerator|jar|UsedFor|keeping things cool
clothing|porch|IsA|physical item 
basement|church|IsA|room in a house
safe|color|PartOf|the human body
backpack|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
classroom|apartment|PartOf|admin role
bedroom|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
park|bedroom|IsA|ground where child play
house|corner|IsA|building
kitchen|food|AtLocation|in a house
human|castle|CapableOf|move freely
car|shelf|HasProperty|an object
cupboard|pantry|IsA|place to store items
kitchen|home|IsA|type of room
cabinet|classroom|HasProperty|sold in stores
pain|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
cabinet|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
controversy|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
michigan|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
wedding|farm|UsedFor|overnight stays
fire|classroom|CapableOf|move location
motel|london|IsA|something you can own
airplane|airport|UsedFor|eating
garage|safe|CapableOf|be lived in
classroom|cabinet|IsA|place of learning
automobile|office|HasProperty|easily movable
dancing|enjoyment|IsA|activity
france|mountains|AtLocation|labeled on a map
disneyland|jar|IsA|  place
vase|ground|UsedFor|at home
driveway|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
sky|ceiling|CapableOf|rain
cabinet|bar|AtLocation|in a building
shelf|window|HasProperty|furniture
continent|sea|HasA|earth
bedroom|place|PartOf|house
bedroom|roof|IsA|room
punishment|sweetness|CapableOf|make you sad
laughter|smiles|IsA|activity
bathtub|corner|HasA|feet to stand 
cup|jar|UsedFor|serving dinner
computer|telephone|HasProperty|used for learning
money|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
happiness|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
funeral|office|IsA|ceremony
condiments|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
desktop|love|AtLocation|library
couch|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
home|ficus|IsA|place people live
concert|house|MadeOf|wood
embarrassment|inspiration|IsA|emotion
newspaper|library|HasProperty|a publication
trauma|sorrow|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
passageway|house|IsA|public place
desk|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
soup|cabinet|CapableOf|be eaten
shelf|love|AtLocation|library
excitement|tears|IsA|emotion
home|airplane|PartOf|house 
garage|ficus|HasProperty|where someone can live
auditorium|concert|UsedFor|music
market|container|IsA|location or room
town|playground|HasA|1 syllable  word
museum|opera|PartOf|building
desk|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
ranch|antarctica|UsedFor|food
office|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
home|heaven|PartOf|house 
countryside|building|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
grape|washington|IsA|object
pennsylvania|switzerland|AtLocation|in north america
russia|lemur|IsA|country
montana|countryside|IsA|residential area
countryside|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
depression|instruction|IsA|negative thing
meeting|university|AtLocation|at home
opera|musical|IsA|place or location
synagogue|person|HasProperty|a type of property
pantry|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
class|color|IsA|gathering of people
city|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
soup|street|IsA|physical item 
table|jail|IsA|physical item 
restaurant|shelf|IsA|type of business
food|table|CapableOf|be consumed
countryside|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
garden|mexico|IsA|nature-related
house|moon|AtLocation|at a home
shelf|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
people|opera|IsA|looks like paypal 
soup|garage|UsedFor|eating or drinking
city|countryside|IsA|man-made thing
canada|park|IsA|nation
windowsill|sky|MadeOf|trees
attic|cupboard|IsA|room
bedroom|airport|AtLocation|in a house
cooking|canada|MadeOf|fiber
supermarket|confession|IsA|place or location
television|books|HasA|letter e in it
house|water|IsA|man made
backpack|closet|HasProperty|an object
table|ceiling|HasA|legs
hunger|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
universe|sloth|IsA|place
ground|house|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
shock|knowledge|IsA|feeling/emotion
car|closet|CapableOf|allow you to travel
laughter|enjoyment|IsA|activity
mountains|burrow|HasA|multiple definitions
snore|bed|IsA|store items
kitchen|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
carnival|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
box|case|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
synagogue|imagination|IsA|religious card
supermarket|food|IsA|location
newspaper|library|HasA|letter e in it
bathroom|desk|UsedFor|cooking
sea|snow|HasProperty|hot
bedroom|sugar|IsA|room
cupboard|mouse|IsA|furniture
attic|cellar|IsA|room in a building
bedroom|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
bowl|store|HasProperty|related to eating
sun|chair|MadeOf|energy
road|outside|HasProperty|made by humans
telephone|party|IsA|device used for working
bedroom|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
utensils|floor|HasProperty|an object
stream|commercial|MadeOf|water
bedroom|computer|AtLocation|in a building
potatoes|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
oven|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
city|sloth|IsA|place
celebrating|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
home|arboretum|IsA|place people live
happiness|smiles|IsA|emotion
suburb|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
australia|books|IsA|place
basement|boxes|IsA|room (type)
synagogue|classroom|UsedFor|religious services
room|bathtub|HasA|ceiling
people|earth|UsedFor|buying food
box|peanuts|UsedFor|storage
soup|market|IsA|sweet or savory
airport|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
garden|sky|HasProperty|man made
hospital|bathroom|IsA|public place
supermarket|refrigerator|IsA|public place
house|demonstration|IsA|building
basement|fun|PartOf|house
hotel|bathroom|IsA|business
alcohol|party|PartOf|food and drink
shed|mail|UsedFor|storing physical things
humans|unemployment|HasProperty|something you can touch
dinner|dust|MadeOf|food
nostalgia|remembering|IsA|emotion
library|map|HasA|walls
cupboard|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
hospital|minnesota|IsA|business that serves food
library|magazines|IsA|room or building
table|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
dinner|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
basement|conference|IsA|room in a house
sea|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
nightmares|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
cat|toronto|IsA|animal
pencils|pocket|UsedFor|writing
heaven|ocean|IsA|religious card
computer|bus|AtLocation|in your company
backpack|museum|CapableOf|be worn
cabinet|trunk|HasA|door
carrots|bowl|IsA|food
cow|stable|IsA|animal
cabinet|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
england|computer|IsA|country or state
information|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
office|apartment|IsA|room
theater|concert|IsA|place
outside|frisbee|MadeOf|natural materials
hospital|nebraska|IsA|business that serves food
ontario|beaver|PartOf|north america
school|human|UsedFor|to get a degree
supermarket|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
computer|library|IsA|n electronic device
potatoes|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
bedroom|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
countryside|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
cupboard|car|HasA|doors
shelf|window|IsA|furniture
driveway|city|UsedFor|transportation
home|den|HasA|roof
museum|factory|HasProperty|visited by tourists
pride|communication|IsA|feeling
bathroom|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
stick|rock|IsA|living/once living
jail|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
airplane|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
cellar|boxes|IsA|room in a home
spoon|bathroom|UsedFor|serving
hospital|valley|IsA|business that serves food
drawer|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
park|sky|HasProperty|man made
boat|floor|IsA|place or location
jail|human|IsA|place where you can visit
crying|pain|IsA|reaction
backpack|computer|UsedFor|packing things inside
kitchen|roof|IsA|room
woods|garage|UsedFor|storing things inside
bathroom|bowl|UsedFor|cleaning your body
hotel|jar|IsA|public building
telephone|barn|UsedFor|communication
countryside|stream|IsA|place
kitchen|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
trunk|utensils|UsedFor|storage
closet|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
wilderness|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
supermarket|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
table|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
country|pond|HasProperty|human made
refrigerator|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
magazine|television|CapableOf| be held in your hand
cabinet|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
rug|demonstration|UsedFor|furniture
sweat|enemies|IsA|physical outcome
theater|electricity|UsedFor|live performances
microwave|nature|UsedFor|cooking food
alcohol|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
boat|fish|HasProperty|human made
hallway|water|AtLocation|at a home
pizza|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
kitchen|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
condiments|container|HasProperty|used for meals
library|book|CapableOf|have people physically in it
australia|field|IsA|country
stable|barnyard|UsedFor| housing animals
trees|street|PartOf|nature
garage|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
kitchen|oven|HasA|store edible items
china|desert|IsA|residential area
crying|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
outdoors|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
cabinet|vase|IsA|necessity for education
classroom|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
water|fly|IsA|physical item 
apartment|box|AtLocation|on the map
dog|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
hotel|airport|IsA|business
anxiety|injury|IsA|emotion
supermarket|desktop|HasA|edible items for sale
kitchen|trunk|PartOf|house
bar|nebraska|IsA|building
wisconsin|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
garage|boxes|IsA|room (type)
room|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
garage|concert|HasProperty|a type of property
locker|desktop|HasA|walls
head|field|PartOf|the human body
earth|people|IsA|place
wall|antarctica|IsA|room
greenhouse|disneyland|HasProperty|found in the garden
creek|wilderness|IsA|1 syllable word
injuries|anger|HasA|physical element
apartment|montana|IsA|home
humiliation|headache|IsA|emotion
museum|park|AtLocation|indoors
potatoes|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
corner|paint|MadeOf|wood
bathroom|computer|HasProperty|a room
suburbs|forest|IsA|man-made thing
opera|apartment|IsA|event
aircraft|house|CapableOf|fly
apartment|dog|AtLocation|on the map
trash|restaurant|HasProperty|found in the garden
desktop|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
cabinet|window|HasProperty|furniture
house|commercial|CapableOf|be currently visited
town|desert|IsA|residential area
homes|factory|UsedFor|children to study
park|arguments|CapableOf|be physically touched
michigan|coffee|IsA|place
australia|bank|IsA|country
food|supermarket|AtLocation|in a home
yard|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
sink|jar|UsedFor|in a bathroom
ocean|store|PartOf|natural landscape
house|computer|IsA|building
bathroom|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
kitchen|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
television|telegram|HasProperty|a solid item 
oven|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
countryside|house|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
candle|air|HasProperty|white
speaker|music|IsA|physical and movable item
answer|ballpark|IsA|reply to a question
morgue|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
room|furniture|CapableOf|sleep on it
outside|antarctica|IsA|room
boat|pond|HasProperty|human made
school|restaurant|IsA|place of learning
school|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of building
nest|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
locker|paper|HasA|walls
embarrassment|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
porch|clothing|IsA|room or building
nightmares|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
indiana|fox|IsA|place
street|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
bathroom|washington|PartOf|a house/home
refrigerator|ground|UsedFor|storing food
sink|desktop|UsedFor|washing or cooking
disneyland|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
castle|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
cabinet|sink|HasA|door
newspaper|meeting|PartOf|the human body
happiness|sweat|IsA|positive card
store|dust|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
home|rug|IsA|type /part of building
desk|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
listening|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
sun|trouble|IsA|weather
table|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
pride|sadness|IsA|happy card
cage|lemur|IsA|animal
fleas|carpet|IsA|a animal
outdoors|windowsill|HasProperty|2 syllables
office|paper|UsedFor|writing
garage|apartment|UsedFor|car repair
furniture|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
school|human|UsedFor|a gathering of people
school|families|IsA|public building
sun|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
store|money|IsA|place you can visit
garden|flower|IsA|place
building|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
coffee|drawer|UsedFor|eating
hallway|museum|AtLocation|in a building
roof|drugstore|IsA|specific part of a structure
shop|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
notebook|conference|UsedFor|reading
motel|party|IsA|building
headache|understanding|IsA|physical state
bar|telephone|UsedFor|fun
peanuts|ballpark|HasA|connection to food
sweetness|field|IsA|emotion
instruction|controversy|IsA|positive thing
basement|house|IsA|room in a building
beach|playground|IsA|nature-related
park|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
information|newspaper|UsedFor|reading
table|inside|IsA|place or location
moss|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
carpet|attic|AtLocation|on the floor
town|motel|IsA|tourist destination
hotel|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
aquarium|boat|HasA|water
cooking|california|MadeOf|fiber
information|library|CapableOf|be alive
park|concert|IsA|place or location
museum|school|HasProperty|visited by tourists
squirrel|ground|IsA|animal
chicken|river|IsA|physical item 
africa|region|IsA|continent
colorado|dictionary|IsA|place
kitchen|store|AtLocation|in a home
plate|movie|IsA|dish
sunbathers|moon|HasProperty|hot
airport|bathroom|IsA|public place
kitchens|bottle|IsA|type of business
bedroom|hairbrush|IsA|place to sleep
greenhouse|park|MadeOf|glass
bathroom|restaurant|UsedFor|pooping
park|building|IsA|nature-related
michigan|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
bathroom|table|IsA|type of room
marmoset|house|IsA|animal or book
bathroom|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
salad|store|IsA|sweet or savory
mouth|choir|AtLocation|on/in the human body
cupboard|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
park|vase|IsA|place
apartment|people|IsA|place or location
basement|bottle|HasA|door
church|love|UsedFor|a gathering of people
computer|ocean|AtLocation|in your company
cupboard|market|CapableOf| be moved
birds|pride|HasA|physical appearance
happiness|car|IsA|emotion
wedding|audience|IsA|location
church|room|IsA|building
container|carnival|UsedFor|storage
garden|ground|HasA|green plant
city|entertainment|AtLocation|on a map
sea|waterfall|HasA|3 letters
colorado|france|HasA|car
building|bedroom|HasA|a bath
container|funeral|UsedFor|storing physical things
restaurants|room|HasProperty|associated with drinking
classroom|shelf|UsedFor|viewing/reading
china|suburbs|HasProperty|a country
pain|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
supermarket|sink|HasA|edible items for sale
closet|funeral|UsedFor|storing physical things
sink|toilet|PartOf|kitchen
bread|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
market|apartment|HasProperty|a public place
soup|field|IsA|food
like|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
desk|carpet|PartOf|an office
house|moon|HasProperty|a building
doorway|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
mouse|cabinet|CapableOf|storing food
dance|war|CapableOf|be performed
teaching|stress|HasA|ltr p
mountain|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
ceiling|connection|AtLocation|library
forest|windowsill|HasProperty|2 syllables
suburbs|magazine|IsA|place
garage|home|IsA|looks like house
demonstration|bedroom|HasProperty|a public place
elevator|confusion|PartOf|building
funeral|food|IsA|event
books|information|HasProperty|a publication
driveway|town|UsedFor|transportation
anxiety|skin|IsA|emotion
anxiety|fear|IsA|colorful
apartment|school|UsedFor|housing
restaurant|dog|AtLocation|on the map
beach|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
hotel|maze|IsA|business
attic|landfill|HasA|opening or door
carnival|barn|IsA|music related event
classroom|briefcase|IsA|place of learning
suburb|china|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
empathy|headache|IsA|emotion
blanket|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
desk|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
dinner|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
bowl|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
aquarium|river|IsA|man made
classroom|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
tent|supermarket|UsedFor|camping
office|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
kitchen|attic|HasProperty|used for cooking in
loft|bathtub|IsA|building
library|head|HasProperty|related to studying
airport|cave|UsedFor|a holiday
trees|mexico|IsA|nature-related
ground|closet|AtLocation|on the floor
fear|cut|IsA|emotion
cat|snore|IsA|animal
party|car|HasProperty|associated with drinking
clock|demonstration|IsA|inanimate object
box|forest|HasProperty|man-made
pocket|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
manual|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
ceiling|car|AtLocation|library
coats|closet|HasProperty|item of clothing
oven|desktop|UsedFor|washing or cooking
house|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
birds|home|CapableOf|move freely
toronto|cat|IsA|place
stuff|case|UsedFor|eating
table|pantry|IsA|furniture
attic|garbage|UsedFor|storage
library|desk|CapableOf|be used virtually 
carpet|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
embarrassment|crying|IsA|feeling/emotion
kitchen|garage|AtLocation|indoors
remembering|problems|IsA|positive thing
corner|frogs|AtLocation|in your home
chairs|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
frustration|communication|IsA|feeling
church|dance|IsA|type of room
shoe|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
mouse|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
basement|store|IsA|room in a home
television|information|HasA|screen
porch|college|IsA|object
instruction|nightmares|HasProperty|typically positive
room|car|IsA|place
jar|groceries|UsedFor|storage 
lake|encyclopedia|MadeOf|water
jail|closet|IsA|building
cabinet|mouse|IsA|furniture
countryside|cage|IsA|place
bedroom|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
anxiety|thinking|IsA|colorful
bathroom|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
opera|classroom|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
hospital|lamp|IsA|building
nostalgia|pleasure|IsA|emotion
car|loft|CapableOf|move location
anxiety|birds|IsA|emotion
museum|backpack|IsA|place of learning
jar|ballpark|UsedFor|storage
bird|nest|IsA|living thing
people|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
montana|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
speaker|program|IsA|physical and movable item
house|shop|IsA|building
cut|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
encyclopedia|head|HasProperty|related to studying
car|wall|HasA|use electricity
supermarket|cabinet|IsA|location
town|confession|IsA|place or location
desktop|table|CapableOf|show you time
garage|room|IsA|building
coffee|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
discovery|contemplating|HasProperty|used to drive in
pantry|condiments|HasA|store edible items
funeral|classroom|IsA|ceremony
drugs|school|UsedFor|recreation activity
plate|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
seattle|rain|IsA|geographic location
cage|sky|HasProperty|man-made
university|church|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
garage|table|UsedFor|storage
jail|bathroom|IsA|building
window|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
building|garden|CapableOf|be made with bricks
seattle|street|IsA|brand
garage|box|PartOf|house
information|television|HasProperty|related to studying
marmoset|hole|IsA|animal or book
airport|library|UsedFor|a holiday
newspaper|internet|MadeOf|paper
shelf|stomach|MadeOf|metal
kitchen|rug|IsA|type /part of building
wallet|street|IsA|thing you have on person
lamp|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
garage|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
couch|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
cabinet|garden|UsedFor|storage
case|table|IsA|1 syllable word
internet|television|PartOf|publication
forest|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
laughter|suicide|IsA|emotion
trunk|car|MadeOf|wood
communication|love|IsA|negative feeling
library|newspaper|UsedFor|studying in
marmoset|underground|HasProperty|found above ground
drawer|home|CapableOf|be easily carried
manual|meeting|AtLocation|on a shelf
montana|desert|IsA|place where you can live
happiness|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
office|church|IsA|place of religion
supermarket|church|IsA|place you buy food
groceries|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
bank|bathtub|MadeOf|organic brown matter
home|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
woods|apartment|UsedFor|storing things inside
lake|woods|MadeOf|water
money|purse|CapableOf|hold objects
office|demonstration|PartOf|admin role
cupboard|apartment|IsA|furniture
happiness|listening|IsA|emotion
bowl|bathroom|CapableOf| be moved
bathroom|cupboard|UsedFor|cleaning your body
hallway|television|AtLocation|in a building
carrots|market|IsA|sweet or savory
utensils|dinner|HasProperty|an object
agreement|happiness|IsA|activity
california|india|AtLocation|within the usa
basement|trash|IsA|room in a home
casino|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
money|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
library|bedroom|HasProperty|a public place
china|house|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
picture|company|AtLocation|library
picture|outside|AtLocation|at a party
warehouse|box|IsA|place
discomfort|entertainment|IsA|n emotion
body|montana|HasProperty|part of a human
empathy|learning|IsA|emotion
clothing|store|HasProperty|an object
basement|shed|IsA|room in a home
restaurants|air|PartOf|food and drink
ground|home|HasProperty|a state in the usa
attic|dust|UsedFor|storage
manual|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
library|windowsill|IsA|place you can go
greenhouse|windowsill|IsA|building
clock|company|AtLocation|library
india|cage|IsA|country
pain|love|IsA|negative feeling
stream|encyclopedia|MadeOf|water
garage|mouth|CapableOf|make a sound
bedroom|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
mountains|painting|HasProperty|in a cold climate
mexico|marmoset|AtLocation|labeled on a map
toilet|kitchen|UsedFor|urination
supermarket|dinner|IsA|public place
anger|stress|HasA|ltr p
roof|desk|UsedFor|building the structure of house
cabinet|books|IsA|furniture
burrow|trees|AtLocation|below
jail|supermarket|HasProperty|associated with drinking
valley|minnesota|IsA|part of a municipality
death|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
airport|hospital|HasA|airplanes
information|internet|CapableOf|be alive
pantry|stove|HasA|store edible items
china|encyclopedia|IsA|location
bird|beach|IsA|living thing
trees|town|IsA|nature-related
chicken|sink|UsedFor|eating or drinking
mexico|town|IsA|nation
carpet|street|IsA|place or location
synagogue|boat|IsA|place or location
smiles|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
wings|home|CapableOf|move freely
carnival|road|IsA|music related event
hallway|sky|AtLocation|at a home
information|color|PartOf|human mind
concert|road|IsA|music related event
cafe|universe|HasProperty|something you can touch
meeting|garden|AtLocation|in a building
dictionary|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
australia|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
bedroom|garage|AtLocation|indoors
company|wall|HasA|use electricity
dance|elevator|CapableOf|be performed
book|head|UsedFor|studying
grape|minnesota|IsA|object
shoe|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
airport|castle|CapableOf|fly
dishwasher|glass|HasProperty|furniture
television|library|IsA|part media
garage|church|UsedFor|storing vehicles
palace|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
dictionary|desk|CapableOf|be used virtually 
boat|river|UsedFor|transportation
shelf|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
supermarket|concert|IsA|place or location
dog|rug|IsA|a animal
speaker|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
michigan|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
marmoset|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
bay|boat|HasA|water
yard|tree|HasProperty|man made
hotel|movies|IsA|place
boxes|mail|UsedFor|storing physical things
mountains|outside|PartOf|natural scenario
office|monastery|IsA|place of religion
table|porch|IsA|physical item 
kitchens|container|IsA|type of room in houses
bathroom|woods|HasProperty|part of your  house
mexico|church|HasProperty|outdoors
salad|cellar|UsedFor|healthy eating
church|human|IsA|building
bar|apartment|UsedFor|storing things inside
like|happiness|UsedFor|hobbies
grape|market|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
bedroom|antarctica|IsA|room
television|book|HasA|screen
arizona|marmoset|IsA|state
opera|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
california|fox|IsA|place
sea|city|HasA|water
crying|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
bathroom|conference|IsA|type of room
supermarket|mouth|IsA|place
suburbs|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
cinema|conference|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
pain|money|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
skin|supermarket|HasProperty|part of a human
shelf|silverware|HasProperty|made of wood
roof|bedroom|PartOf|vehicle
plate|market|HasProperty|used at meal time
box|pot|UsedFor|storage
roof|desk|PartOf|building a house
coats|library|HasProperty|item of clothing
desk|sky|PartOf|an office
library|apartment|IsA|room
driveway|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
concert|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
desk|montana|IsA|place of religion
mess|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of building
classroom|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
garage|attic|CapableOf|be made with bricks
discovery|action|UsedFor|driving
audience|opera|HasProperty|alive
doctor|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
suburbs|yard|HasA|buildings in it
trunk|office|HasProperty|easily movable
refrigerator|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
garden|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
school|table|IsA|place of formal education
shop|bed|IsA|room or building
grass|park|IsA|living/once living
apartment|wedding|UsedFor|living inside of
encyclopedia|countryside|IsA|animal or book
key|action|IsA|thing you have on person
michigan|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
cupboard|dinner|HasProperty|an object
hairbrush|loft|CapableOf|move location
attic|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
wedding|wood|IsA|place or location
garage|cupboard|IsA|room
bedroom|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
motel|office|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
bicycle|fun|IsA|mode of transportation
floor|synagogue|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
river|fish|HasA|water
funeral|crowd|IsA| event
pizza|table|HasProperty|edible
lemur|school|IsA|animal or book
synagogue|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
church|box|IsA|place
laughter|excitement|UsedFor|hobbies
school|human|HasA|usually have people inside
creek|countryside|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
floor|store|MadeOf|wood
speaker|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
backyard|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
corner|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
restaurants|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
loft|furniture|IsA|private space
sink|river|IsA|physical item 
hospital|palace|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
room|bathtub|CapableOf|sleep on it
aquarium|country|HasA|water
car|porch|CapableOf|move people
garage|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
restaurants|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
drawer|utensils|IsA|piece of furniture
microwave|television|AtLocation|in a kitchen
cage|beach|HasProperty|man-made
ground|garage|HasProperty|a state in the usa
hotel|passageway|HasA|beds
beach|building|IsA|nature-related
church|game|HasA|person stood at the front
wallet|bubblegum|HasProperty|to do with currency
windowsill|moon|HasProperty|hot
book|thinking|UsedFor|studying
shock|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
carrots|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
park|plants|IsA|place
restaurants|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
bowl|microwave|IsA|dish
fox|tennessee|HasA|start with a
bed|inside|IsA|place or location
pencils|jar|IsA|school supply
airport|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
bottle|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
forest|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
supermarket|people|IsA|place
hotel|airport|HasA|beds
bar|love|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
store|bathtub|IsA|building
thinking|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
cage|forest|HasProperty|man-made
funeral|restaurant|IsA|event
casino|store|IsA|place to be entertained
trees|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
nursery|table|IsA|place or location
park|countryside|CapableOf|be man made
desk|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
garden|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
kitchen|library|HasProperty|found in a house
country|river|CapableOf|be walked on
hotel|building|UsedFor|a holiday
roof|carpet|PartOf|building a house
france|trees|AtLocation|below
rug|car|AtLocation|inside a house
soup|street|UsedFor|eating or drinking
hotel|london|IsA|something you can own
ground|bathtub|MadeOf|organic brown matter
forest|countryside|IsA|nature-related
microwave|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
cow|ranch|IsA|animal
dinner|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
drawer|books|IsA|furniture
university|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
table|container|HasProperty|used for meals
dog|house|IsA|a animal
church|club|HasA|person stood at the front
shelf|car|MadeOf|wood
box|table|IsA|1 syllable word
telephone|office|IsA|device used for working
floor|sky|UsedFor|building the structure of house
loft|store|AtLocation|inside a person's home
container|stove|CapableOf|store things
dust|corner|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
desktop|pantry|IsA|place to store items
lawn|telegram|HasProperty|a solid item 
toilet|moon|IsA|man made
conference|audience|IsA|location
notebook|office|IsA|school supply
kitchen|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
cupboard|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
container|nails|UsedFor|storage
box|classroom|UsedFor|packing things inside
beach|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
pantry|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
building|confession|IsA|place or location
squirrel|forest|IsA|animal
garden|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
kitchen|bar|HasProperty|a room
bag|closet|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
house|college|IsA|object
city|house|HasA|buildings in it
park|lights|IsA|place
house|passageway|IsA|place to live
cooking|rosebush|MadeOf|fiber
couch|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
dirt|fingernails|HasA|wheels
carnival|building|UsedFor|travel
car|clouds|UsedFor|driving
airport|detroit|CapableOf|fly
backpack|floor|HasProperty|an object
neighborhood|desert|HasA|buildings in it
michigan|stuff|IsA|place
desk|demonstration|MadeOf|a natural material
sugar|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
cabinet|shelf|UsedFor|storage
ocean|house|AtLocation|with water
refrigerator|condiments|HasA|store edible items
bedroom|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
newspaper|safe|IsA|part media
table|dinner|UsedFor|storage
stadium|college|UsedFor|washing
pantry|cup|UsedFor|keeping things cool
wedding|classroom|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
garden|ground|AtLocation|outside
corner|windowsill|AtLocation|in your home
sink|books|HasProperty|furniture
park|funeral|IsA|place
supermarket|town|UsedFor|buying food
grape|store|IsA|food
palace|person|HasProperty|a type of building
table|river|IsA|place or location
box|table|UsedFor|packing things inside
outdoors|lake|MadeOf|trees
museum|roof|AtLocation|indoors
trauma|controversy|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
fun|excitement|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
toilet|restaurant|UsedFor|pooping
happiness|punch|IsA|emotion
jail|chair|IsA|place you visit
disneyland|curtain|IsA|vacation destination
anger|confusion|IsA|five-letter word
opera|buildings|UsedFor|putting on a show
blanket|town|AtLocation|inside a house
asia|region|PartOf|the continent 
country|sea|HasProperty|human made
lamp|computer|UsedFor|lighting up a room
fatigue|entertaining|IsA|emotion
table|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
chair|carpet|HasProperty|furniture in a house
freeway|wilderness|IsA|man-made thing
greenhouse|cupboard|IsA|building
nightmares|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
pantry|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
supermarket|groceries|IsA|type of business
blood|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
wedding|movies|IsA|event
kitchen|cellar|IsA|room in a building
store|jellyfish|CapableOf|have people inside
office|kitchen|UsedFor|work
restaurant|nebraska|IsA|business that serves food
concert|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
nature|bird|MadeOf|trees
wall|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
television|meeting|HasProperty|a solid item 
book|locker|UsedFor|reading
china|house|HasA|buildings in it
demonstration|home|HasProperty|a public place
bar|room|HasProperty|associated with drinking
church|jail|HasProperty|child friendly
couch|castle|PartOf|house 
basement|carpet|IsA|type of room
supermarket|jail|PartOf|food and drink
street|forest|PartOf|city
newspaper|information|PartOf|publication
conference|monastery|UsedFor|praying
restaurant|pantry|IsA|type of business
airport|bedroom|AtLocation|above the ground
museum|apartment|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
bed|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
attic|box|IsA|structure or building
city|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
table|classroom|MadeOf|wood
discovery|thinking|HasProperty|used to drive in
coffee|backpack|UsedFor|eating
dictionary|prison|CapableOf|be read
office|book|IsA|building
ball|trash|HasA|first letter b
sadness|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
attic|trunk|IsA|structure or building
school|toilet|UsedFor|formal learning
canada|backyard|IsA|place you visit often
kitchen|cup|IsA|location or room
cabinet|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
condiments|kitchen|IsA|type of food
bed|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
supermarket|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
aircraft|restaurant|CapableOf|fly
refrigerator|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
money|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
door|building|MadeOf|wood
pantry|table|CapableOf|store things
plate|stamps|IsA|something you eat off
box|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
map|desktop|CapableOf|be used for travel
drinking|like|IsA|activity
bar|museum|UsedFor|fun
cat|trouble|IsA|part of a house
knowledge|class|PartOf|human mind
disneyland|opera|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
wallet|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
dinner|class|HasProperty|a meal
house|jar|HasProperty|a building
kitchen|food|IsA|location
air|roof|MadeOf|natural materials
store|meeting|CapableOf|have people physically in it
newspaper|class|IsA|part media
disneyland|confession|IsA|place or location
cellar|shed|PartOf|house
bathroom|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
supermarket|trunk|IsA|type of business
work|connection|HasA|use electricity
kitchen|hole|CapableOf|be currently visited
kitchen|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
floor|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
cinema|car|IsA|location
clock|table|CapableOf|show you time
thinking|reflection|IsA|emotion
shelf|demonstration|IsA|inanimate object
school|class|PartOf|building
library|university|UsedFor|studying
celebrating|favors|IsA|physical emotion
university|shed|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
birds|tree|IsA|animal
pizza|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
pantry|groceries|UsedFor|storage 
room|trouble|MadeOf|walls and ceiling
microwave|lamp|AtLocation|in a kitchen
house|television|IsA|type of building
library|notebook|IsA|building
candle|moon|HasProperty|white
house|basement|IsA|building
like|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
mansion|staircase|HasProperty|a type of building
space|peanuts|HasA|to do with planets
mouse|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
backpack|briefcase|IsA|school supply
cupboard|michigan|UsedFor|storage
hotel|gate|IsA|public place
cupboard|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
pocket|chair|UsedFor|viewing/reading
candy|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
like|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
bathroom|windowsill|IsA|room
mountains|trees|IsA|place
television|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
warehouse|bicycle|IsA|place
furniture|building|HasProperty|found in a house
desk|vase|IsA|necessity for education
backpack|cabinet|IsA|school supply
city|stream|IsA|place
utah|texas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
shelf|desktop|MadeOf|wood
shelf|forest|AtLocation|in the home or  office
cupboard|desktop|HasProperty|made of wood
agreement|fun|IsA|activity
hotel|office|UsedFor|a holiday
park|chair|IsA|place you visit
florida|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
sky|wilderness|IsA|1 syllable word
laughter|agreement|IsA|reaction
vacuum|kitchen|AtLocation|in a cupboard
spoon|home|IsA|tableware
jail|newspaper|UsedFor|sleeping in
sadness|pain|IsA|emotion
warehouse|trash|IsA|structure or building
audience|apartment|HasProperty|alive
china|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
desktop|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
theater|bathroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
street|sky|HasProperty|man made
dishwasher|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
kitchen|cupboard|IsA|room
food|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
bar|house|UsedFor|storing things inside
shelf|flowers|UsedFor|storing items
movies|jar|CapableOf|be watched
jail|airport|IsA|1 syllable  word
desk|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
england|fox|IsA|country or state name
airport|doctor|IsA|room or building
maine|village|IsA|country or state
body|apartment|HasProperty|part of a human
company|building|IsA|business
library|office|HasProperty|a public place
sunshine|moon|HasProperty|hot
motel|computer|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
desk|dust|UsedFor|storage of physical items
skyscraper|valley|IsA|tall building
bedroom|rug|IsA|type /part of building
cellar|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
stretch|discipline|CapableOf|cause injury
sun|desktop|IsA|place
bird|countryside|CapableOf|fly
bathroom|supermarket|HasA|ceiling
town|farm|IsA|tourist destination
church|love|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
birds|wings|CapableOf|fly
street|city|UsedFor|transportation
wallet|pocket|HasProperty|to do with currency
house|bathroom|IsA|building
table|garden|AtLocation|in a home
person|school|PartOf|the human body
roadway|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
town|mexico|HasProperty|made by humans
dog|house|HasA|animal
elevator|carnival|PartOf|building
company|connection|HasA|use electricity
warehouse|shed|PartOf|house
nightmares|controversy|IsA|something a baby could have
montana|body|IsA|place
bed|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
airplane|birds|UsedFor|eating
bedroom|chair|PartOf|house
clothing|shop|IsA|physical item 
china|neighborhood|HasProperty|a country
enjoyment|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
battle|aggression|HasA|physical element
soup|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
salad|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
desktop|office|UsedFor|storage
ball|landfill|UsedFor|playing
restaurant|table|HasA|edible items for sale
groceries|shelf|HasA|door
plants|windowsill|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
roof|bathtub|HasA|ceiling
shelf|ground|CapableOf|be purchased
dance|war|IsA|action
agreement|enjoyment|IsA|activity
class|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
injury|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
pizza|pantry|IsA|type of food
california|australia|AtLocation|within the usa
food|box|UsedFor|eating
museum|bedroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
injury|performing|IsA|physical damage to the body
museum|map|HasA|walls
room|fun|PartOf|house
television|closet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
neighborhood|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
cat|rug|MadeOf|living parts
floor|room|UsedFor|standing on
library|jail|IsA|object
theater|funeral|IsA|place
kitchen|floor|UsedFor|food
cat|home|IsA|animal
nursery|market|IsA|place or location
canada|desert|PartOf|political geographical area
workplace|love|UsedFor|a gathering of people
store|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
disneyland|concert|IsA|place or location
pain|sorrow|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
school|drink|CapableOf|be currently visited
room|university|PartOf|house
laughter|entertaining|IsA|emotion
china|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
circus|carnival|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
shelf|floor|IsA|furniture
drawer|table|IsA|1 syllable word
hole|bank|IsA|place where money is kept
basement|boxes|IsA|room
house|clothing|UsedFor|storage
meeting|field|IsA|group action
theater|action|IsA|place you can visit
city|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
library|dust|CapableOf|contain multiple people
hotel|human|HasA|usually have people inside
books|shelf|IsA|object
shelf|stomach|HasProperty|made of wood
chair|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
library|field|HasProperty|related to studying
elevator|good|PartOf|building
restaurant|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
notebook|office|UsedFor|reading
attic|fun|IsA|place
table|floor|CapableOf|be easily carried
neighborhood|city|IsA|residential area
bedroom|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
apartment|synagogue|IsA|house where man live
sunbathers|curtain|HasProperty|hot
university|water|IsA|place
warehouse|michigan|CapableOf|be made with bricks
ballpark|universe|HasProperty|related to children
warehouse|trunk|IsA|structure or building
desktop|kitchen|MadeOf|metal
countryside|drink|CapableOf|be currently visited
table|apartment|UsedFor|learning
condiments|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
food|discovery|HasA|physical appearance
harbor|glass|UsedFor|transportation
arizona|marmoset|AtLocation|labeled on a map
house|meeting|IsA|building
theater|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
church|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
newspaper|home|IsA|physical item 
bedroom|couch|MadeOf|wood
lawn|information|HasProperty|a solid item 
universe|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
building|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
remembering|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
loft|sewer|IsA|private space
inspiration|discomfort|HasA|positive connotation
montana|house|HasA|buildings in it
hallway|sun|AtLocation|at a home
pencils|pocket|IsA|school supply
hospital|michigan|IsA|building
shop|park|HasProperty|a place you can work
store|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
hospital|synagogue|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
key|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
sun|ocean|MadeOf|energy
supermarket|closet|IsA|type of business
microwave|connection|HasA|use electricity
sadness|depression|IsA|emotion
cage|windowsill|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
machine|office|UsedFor|fitness
cave|bedroom|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
college|office|IsA|building
briefcase|nails|UsedFor|carrying things
opera|mansion|UsedFor|putting on a show
valley|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
backpack|floor|CapableOf|be used for school
apartment|corner|IsA|type /part of building
garage|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
couch|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
desktop|connection|AtLocation|library
warehouse|church|PartOf|house
hotel|bedroom|IsA|building
doorway|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
classroom|house|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
movies|unemployment|IsA|place you can visit
lamp|hallway|HasProperty|white
beach|summer|IsA|vacation destination
manual|internet|IsA|thing you can touch
suburbs|encyclopedia|IsA|place
money|pain|HasProperty|typically positive
jail|doctor|IsA|room or building
attic|container|IsA|structure or building
cabinet|conference|IsA|object
audience|town|HasProperty|alive
bed|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
buildings|internet|IsA|location
fly|underground|HasProperty|found above ground
apartment|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
beach|yard|IsA|nature-related
school|carnival|PartOf|building
newspaper|doctor|IsA|physical item 
pantry|shelf|HasA|door
bed|drawer|PartOf|house
condiments|bar|IsA|type of food
mexico|band|IsA|country
punch|sweetness|CapableOf|make you sad
museum|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
apartment|tent|IsA|home
park|hospital|IsA|ground where child play
pantry|casino|MadeOf|metal
liquid|box|HasA|connection to food
blanket|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
house|bridge|HasProperty|a building
confession|people|IsA|religious card
highway|safe|AtLocation|on a map
closet|bottle|UsedFor|storing things in
pen|store|UsedFor|writing
playground|ball|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
happiness|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
refrigerator|wall|UsedFor|storage
park|windowsill|UsedFor|children to play
class|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
bathroom|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
box|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
hotel|wedding|IsA|place
problems|sorrow|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
library|backpack|UsedFor|reading
telephone|bar|UsedFor|communication
sadness|crying|IsA|emotion
park|library|IsA|ground where child play
ficus|apartment|IsA|type of tree
library|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
assessment|person|CapableOf|make a sound
cupboard|apartment|CapableOf| be moved
dinner|field|HasProperty|a meal
closet|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
bathroom|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
apartment|furniture|IsA|type of building
library|classroom|UsedFor|reading
field|happiness|UsedFor|punish
notebook|paper|UsedFor|reading
sun|army|IsA|object/thing
cupboard|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
bar|car|PartOf|food and drink
jail|doctor|IsA|place
jar|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
pantry|food|HasA|store edible items
drawer|dust|UsedFor|keeping things inside
company|maze|IsA|business
wings|school|CapableOf|move freely
yard|sky|HasProperty|man made
happiness|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
castle|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
bedroom|woods|IsA|room in a property
heart|sadness|IsA|happy card
pantry|sink|HasA|door
country|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
apartment|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
house|dinner|UsedFor|storage
knowledge|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
refrigerators|condiments|UsedFor|keeping things cool
seattle|disneyland|IsA|type of place
carnival|lights|UsedFor|travel
restaurant|inside|IsA|place or location
park|canada|IsA|nature-related
cheese|table|IsA|type of food
notebook|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
bathroom|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
school|park|AtLocation|indoors
radio|car|UsedFor|news
refrigerator|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
pond|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
mansion|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
stamps|trash|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
change|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
circus|building|HasA|ticket box usually
kitchen|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
salad|refrigerator|UsedFor|healthy eating
skyscraper|heaven|PartOf|house 
portfolio|conference|HasProperty|sold in stores
garden|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
office|lamp|IsA|n electronic device
doctor|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
church|bicycle|IsA|place
house|hotel|IsA|object
world|america|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
problems|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
hotel|families|IsA|place
cupboard|pot|IsA|furniture
morgue|blood|HasA|exterior walls
notebook|cabinet|IsA|school supply
hotel|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
party|bar|IsA|list of alphabets
bank|street|MadeOf|organic brown matter
trash|dishwasher|CapableOf|cooking
grape|bathroom|IsA|object
rug|trouble|IsA|part of a house
disneyland|summer|IsA|vacation destination
countryside|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
sink|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
drawer|dinner|HasProperty|an object
room|bathtub|CapableOf|sleeping
apartment|stairs|IsA|type of building
airport|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
school|person|HasA|roof
hospital|television|IsA|building
dictionary|dust|IsA|necessity for education
body|montana|UsedFor|buying food
internet|town|HasProperty|a gathering place
house|sewer|IsA|room (type)
florida|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
countryside|sky|MadeOf|trees
contemplating|understanding|UsedFor|seeking an answer
apartment|town|HasA|roof
porch|disneyland|HasProperty|found in the garden
sadness|pride|IsA|negative feeling
lamp|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
book|store|UsedFor|reading
doorway|heaven|PartOf|house 
museum|atlas|IsA|building
automobile|porch|CapableOf|move people
pocket|table|UsedFor|viewing/reading
ocean|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
table|vase|IsA|necessity for education
classroom|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
car|kitchen|HasProperty|easily movable
classroom|refrigerator|CapableOf|contain multiple people
desktop|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
moss|rock|IsA|living/once living
apartment|refrigerator|IsA|place people live
classroom|map|HasA|walls
church|fun|IsA|place to pray
jar|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
desk|speaker|MadeOf|wood
human|park|IsA|person
garden|plants|UsedFor|children to play
yard|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
california|beaver|IsA|place
forest|yard|IsA|nature-related
corner|garage|AtLocation|indoors
table|building|HasProperty|found in a house
montana|yard|IsA|place where you can live
montana|confession|IsA|place or location
purse|change|UsedFor|living
bedroom|kitchen|IsA|place to sleep
trash|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
student|demonstration|UsedFor|reading and studying
atlas|pocket|UsedFor|reading
marmoset|school|IsA|animal or book
tension|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
water|sink|CapableOf|can you drink it
bay|fish|HasA|water
outdoors|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
opera|internet|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
shed|trash|IsA|structure or building
shelf|house|MadeOf|wood
colorado|snow|HasA|car
closet|door|UsedFor|storage
hospital|nebraska|IsA|building
doorway|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
pond|sea|IsA|small body of water
restaurant|ground|IsA|place you can go
school|doctor|UsedFor|to get a degree
supermarket|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
opera|class|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
demonstration|apartment|HasProperty|a public place
microwave|newspaper|HasA|use electricity
bedroom|table|IsA|room
circus|church|IsA|place of religion
airport|love|HasA|use electricity
cabinet|glass|HasProperty|furniture
bar|garage|UsedFor|storing things inside
company|love|IsA|business
florida|utah|PartOf|the south
car|garage|CapableOf|be used as transport 
trees|countryside|IsA|natural or man made
garage|television|HasA|usually have people inside
opera|table|MadeOf|wood
refrigerator|inside|AtLocation|in a house
home|school|PartOf|house 
dishwasher|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
town|outside|HasA|1 syllable  word
bowl|store|AtLocation|in a home
picture|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
lasagna|demonstration|CapableOf|be purchased
house|classroom|IsA|type of building
playground|countryside|UsedFor|children to play
restaurant|carpet|IsA|place you can go
pain|agreement|IsA|negative feeling
radio|song|IsA|electronic device
church|conference|IsA|type of room
jar|money|UsedFor|living
woods|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
windowsill|clouds|HasProperty|found inside a house
forest|beaver|IsA|place
people|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
office|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
silence|song|IsA|tv show
alcohol|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
opera|park|HasA|ticket box usually
opera|bathroom|UsedFor| gathering together
action|fear|IsA|colorful
university|concert|UsedFor|to get a degree
hallway|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
hotel|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
automobile|kitchen|CapableOf|move people
accomplishment|injuries|IsA|positive card
room|air|AtLocation|at a home
street|glass|HasProperty|hot
work|wall|HasA|use electricity
hospital|office|HasProperty|a property 
apartment|ocean|HasProperty|a type of building
vaccines|nightmares|IsA|physical object
airplane|detroit|CapableOf|move freely
china|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
convention|opera|UsedFor|learning
park|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
store|bathtub|IsA|type of building
fire|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
garage|roof|HasA|doors
toilet|computer|AtLocation|in a building
dinner|head|HasProperty|a meal
elevator|silence|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
heaven|auditorium|IsA|religious card
universe|hope|MadeOf|energy
church|human|HasProperty|child friendly
doctor|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
library|pocket|IsA|building
kitchen|drugstore|IsA|specific part of a structure
university|fun|IsA|place
garage|freeway|CapableOf|be lived in
jar|pot|UsedFor|storage
encyclopedia|dust|IsA|necessity for education
conference|circus|UsedFor|praying
church|computer|UsedFor|worship
battle|human|IsA|place
sorrow|inspiration|IsA|emotion
theater|purse|IsA|place you can visit
shelf|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
class|color|HasProperty|related to studying
suburbs|neighborhood|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
pond|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
opera|town|UsedFor|putting on a show
dancing|entertaining|IsA|activity
subdivision|desert|IsA|place where you can live
rug|persia|PartOf|house
airport|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
suit|game|UsedFor|wearing
marmoset|burrow|HasProperty|found above ground
museum|atlas|HasA|walls
waterfall|country|HasA|water
dancing|like|IsA|physical emotion
desk|rug|HasA|legs
clouds|corner|PartOf|the sky
desk|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
frustration|pride|IsA|negative feeling
river|wedding|IsA|place or location
moss|forest|IsA|living/once living
greenhouse|plants|MadeOf|glass
park|lamp|IsA|ground where child play
internet|jellyfish|UsedFor|reading
library|meeting|UsedFor|studying
market|cup|IsA|location or room
nest|beach|HasProperty|man-made
closet|dust|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
attic|mouse|IsA|room (type)
buildings|bathroom|UsedFor| gathering together
argument|anger|HasA|physical element
home|airplane|IsA|place to sleep
stamps|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
windowsill|greenhouse|HasProperty|found in a home
marmoset|swamp|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
cabinet|bottle|HasA|door
circus|concert|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
england|burrow|IsA|place
silverware|bedroom|MadeOf|metal
room|bicycle|PartOf|house
grape|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
pride|fear|IsA|colorful
forest|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
europe|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
carnival|box|HasA|connection to food
mansion|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of building
crying|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
universe|desk|MadeOf|energy
bed|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
library|student|IsA|location
garage|boxes|IsA|room
dinner|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
concert|peanuts|IsA|music related event
hairbrush|temple|CapableOf|move location
room|shed|PartOf|house
water|bridge|CapableOf|can you drink it
celebrating|fun|IsA|activity
thinking|discovery|UsedFor|seeking an answer
pen|classroom|UsedFor|writing
town|train|AtLocation|on a map
restaurant|school|UsedFor|washing
city|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
synagogue|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
city|control|CapableOf|place
nightmares|sorrow|IsA|something a baby could have
kitchen|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
notebook|school|IsA|object
table|wall|MadeOf|wood
desk|floor|PartOf|an office
company|airport|IsA|business
nature|sky|HasProperty|white
bread|plate|IsA|type of food
street|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
wedding|apartment|IsA|social event
clock|forest|IsA|inanimate object
museum|music|PartOf|building
maze|house|IsA|public place
effort|argument|IsA|positive card
sky|nature|IsA|1 syllable word
candy|park|UsedFor|eating
classroom|furniture|UsedFor|reading
texas|michigan|PartOf|the south
sugar|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
church|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
soup|medium|UsedFor|eating or drinking
injuries|stress|HasA|physical element
pond|boat|HasA|water
vase|nursery|IsA|something kept at home
vase|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
trauma|depression|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
refrigerator|store|CapableOf| be moved
drawer|backpack|IsA|furniture
happiness|enemies|IsA|positive card
disneyland|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
apartment|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
burger|pantry|IsA|type of food
supermarket|beer|IsA|type of business
office|pocket|UsedFor|writing
movie|throne|IsA|place people can meet
doorway|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
field|punishment|UsedFor|punish
florida|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
home|clothing|IsA|room or building
carnival|ballpark|HasA|connection to food
home|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
jail|floor|IsA|room or building
company|wall|IsA|business
countryside|cage|IsA|natural thing
opera|people|HasA|ticket box usually
aquarium|continent|HasProperty|human made
bedroom|office|CapableOf|be slept in
bee|ocean|IsA|living thing
park|windowsill|HasA|green plant
computer|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
pantry|beer|UsedFor|storing things in
bed|street|IsA|place or location
dictionary|hole|IsA|animal or book
library|television|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
cupboard|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
garden|ground|UsedFor|children to play
casino|bottle|IsA|type of business
candy|box|UsedFor|eating
table|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
listening|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
safe|field|PartOf|the human body
school|jar|IsA|public building
locker|paper|UsedFor|storage
church|movie|HasA|person stood at the front
museum|machine|UsedFor|communication
injuries|death|HasProperty|about  clashes
supermarket|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
store|shelf|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
cupboard|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
australia|lemur|IsA|country
internet|books|MadeOf|technology
table|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
cabinet|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
desk|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
bowl|dishwasher|IsA|something you eat off
cupboard|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
garden|forest|HasProperty|man made
vase|bedroom|UsedFor|holding things
room|church|UsedFor|sleeping
apartment|computer|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
grape|bowl|CapableOf|be sweet
condiments|plate|CapableOf|be consumed
building|concert|IsA|place or location
apartment|car|HasProperty|a type of home
house|hotel|IsA|place to live
castle|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
kitchen|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
office|atlas|HasA|walls
soup|puddle|IsA|physical item 
bathroom|human|HasA|usually have people inside
bathroom|carpet|IsA|type of room
embarrassment|crying|IsA|feeling
key|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
outdoors|rosebush|IsA|outdoor area
apartment|refrigerator|IsA|building
garden|air|HasProperty|man made
carpet|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
furniture|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
jail|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
panic|satisfaction|IsA|negative feeling or expression
cage|wilderness|UsedFor|holding animals
museum|class|PartOf|building
kitchen|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
trash|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
salad|restaurant|IsA|food
university|field|HasProperty|related to studying
florida|street|IsA|place to be entertained
coffee|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
building|laugh|HasProperty|a type of property
jellyfish|library|CapableOf|be alive
bowl|film|IsA|dish
roof|people|PartOf|building a house
school|student|IsA|location
florida|change|IsA|place you can visit
jar|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
conference|speaker|CapableOf|make a sound
university|clothing|UsedFor|learning
newspaper|meeting|HasProperty|a publication
table|dust|HasProperty|an object
bathroom|dance|PartOf|building
stress|working|IsA|negative feeling or expression
inspiration|trauma|HasProperty|typically positive
bedroom|desktop|MadeOf|wood
computer|village|AtLocation|in your company
jar|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
maine|cooking|IsA|us state
television|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
garage|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
aquarium|wisconsin|HasA|water
synagogue|confession|IsA|place or location
countryside|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
palace|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
people|wedding|HasProperty|alive
desktop|chair|UsedFor|viewing/reading
church|game|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
vase|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
food|families|UsedFor|eating
garage|person|CapableOf|make a sound
desert|neighborhood|MadeOf|sand
bedroom|building|IsA|room in a house
house|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
vase|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
human|detroit|CapableOf|move freely
clock|car|AtLocation|library
trees|countryside|IsA|nature-related
bedroom|apartment|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
glass|fly|UsedFor|eating or drinking
books|beaver|CapableOf|be read
cabinet|pot|IsA|furniture
trauma|instruction|IsA|negative thing
home|trouble|IsA|part of a property
purse|church|IsA|thing you have on person
hospital|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
house|museum|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
key|church|IsA|thing you have on person
apartment|computer|IsA|building
yard|desert|HasProperty|man made
summer|moon|HasProperty|hot
restaurant|television|IsA|place
table|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
desktop|library|IsA|n electronic device
ground|frogs|AtLocation|in your home
table|clothes|UsedFor|storage
montana|books|PartOf|political geographical area
desk|backpack|IsA|furniture
television|internet|IsA|thing you can touch
kitchen|sugar|IsA|room in a building
cupboard|outside|UsedFor|storage
depression|remembering|IsA|emotion
disneyland|desert|PartOf|city
refrigerator|corner|UsedFor|storage
manual|vase|IsA|necessity for education
aquarium|bay|HasProperty|human made
hotel|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
table|place|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
hotel|building|IsA|business
chocolate|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
toilet|university|AtLocation|home
carnival|confusion|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
ficus|ground|IsA|type of tree
enjoyment|suicide|IsA|emotion
cabinet|corner|UsedFor|storage
house|water|HasProperty|a building
office|demonstration|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
conference|earth|HasProperty|an event
hallway|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
park|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
creek|sky|MadeOf|trees
dictionary|school|IsA|animal or book
pot|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
kitchen|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
controversy|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
hunger|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
book|love|AtLocation|library
hotel|city|UsedFor|over night stays 
store|sky|HasProperty|man made
pantry|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
blanket|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
inspiration|crying|IsA|positive thing
work|microwave|CapableOf|employ people
hospital|bar|HasProperty|a property 
table|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
closet|backpack|HasA|doors
apartment|hallway|IsA|room
oklahoma|louisiana|IsA|state in uk
kitchen|table|IsA|location or room
refrigerator|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
sink|silverware|UsedFor|washing or cooking
canada|playground|IsA|place you visit often
india|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
knowledge|controversy|IsA|positive thing
problems|depression|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
bathroom|dance|IsA|type of room
bathtub|office|HasProperty|found in a house
desktop|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
kitchen|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
discovery|contemplating|UsedFor|driving
lamp|house|HasProperty|white
fulfillment|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
building|table|IsA|type of room
supermarket|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
carnival|class|CapableOf|be performed
bathroom|exchange|IsA|type of room
grass|pond|IsA|living/once living
encyclopedia|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
kitchen|house|IsA|room in a building
pride|heart|IsA|feeling 
refrigerators|cup|UsedFor|keeping things cool
store|jar|IsA|place you can visit
office|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
microwave|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
knowledge|problems|IsA|positive thing
couch|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
jail|room|IsA|building
library|table|IsA|room or building
speaker|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
canada|churchyard|IsA|country or state
cafe|unemployment|HasProperty|something you can touch
forest|backyard|IsA|nature-related
encyclopedia|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
space|answer|HasA|to do with planets
kitchen|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
university|closet|IsA|place
refrigerator|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
painting|farmyard|IsA|object
bedroom|loft|IsA|place to sleep
school|library|IsA|place of formal education
suburbs|street|IsA|place where you can live
flat|london|IsA|something you can own
party|hotel|IsA|list of alphabets
headache|cleanliness|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
hallway|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
magazines|home|IsA|physical item 
bedroom|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
bathroom|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
backpack|supermarket|AtLocation|in a home
pocket|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
wedding|restaurant|IsA|place or location
stove|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
motel|room|IsA|building
punishment|tears|CapableOf|cause physical harm
synagogue|chair|IsA|religious card
toilet|stadium|UsedFor|pooping
airplane|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
beach|sea|IsA|vacation destination
candy|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
soup|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
countryside|hole|CapableOf|be currently visited
panic|working|IsA|negative feeling or expression
roof|greenhouse|HasProperty|found in a home
hospital|connection|IsA|public place
purse|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
food|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
wedding|families|IsA|event
aquarium|fish|HasProperty|human made
carnival|war|CapableOf|be performed
aggression|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
bathroom|person|HasA|roof
love|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
instruction|money|IsA|positive thing
problems|embarrassment|IsA|something a baby could have
corner|roof|AtLocation|indoors
pocket|cabinet|UsedFor|viewing/reading
car|utensils|UsedFor|storage
information|meeting|MadeOf|technology
theater|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
store|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
butterflies|performing|HasA|physical appearance
water|river|IsA|physical item 
television|thinking|HasA|screen
bar|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
laughter|agreement|UsedFor|manifesting joy
attic|landfill|AtLocation|indoors
airport|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
table|backyard|HasA|legs
dancing|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
hotel|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
bathroom|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
knowledge|shock|HasProperty|typically positive
bathroom|carnival|PartOf|building
home|arboretum|IsA|place where people live
outdoors|town|IsA|nature-related
university|battle|UsedFor|to get a degree
supermarket|key|IsA|place you can visit
stuff|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
countryside|ground|HasA|outdoor scenery
purse|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
bedroom|boxes|IsA|room
club|suit|IsA|place people can meet
texas|trees|IsA|place
bar|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
vase|countryside|IsA|something kept at home
drawer|shelf|UsedFor|keeping things inside
library|band|IsA|type of building
coats|store|HasProperty|item of clothing
information|manual|MadeOf|technology
america|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
pond|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
universe|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
woods|windowsill|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
pantry|backpack|UsedFor|storage
stove|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
house|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
manual|internet|HasProperty|a publication
city|pond|HasProperty|human made
sailboat|kitchen|AtLocation|with water
clock|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
classroom|encyclopedia|CapableOf|contain multiple people
shop|dentist|IsA|room or building
exhaustion|joy|CapableOf|happiness
table|dinner|HasProperty|an object
pain|problems|IsA|negative feeling
bedroom|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
book|picture|MadeOf|paper
stuff|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
potatoes|soup|IsA|vegetable 
onions|container|IsA|type of food
hotel|desktop|IsA|building 
person|funeral|PartOf|the human body
detroit|elevator|IsA|place where you can visit
michigan|sky|HasProperty|man-made
church|basement|HasA|a bath
drawer|house|HasProperty|an object
key|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
sea|continent|HasA|water
plate|restaurant|IsA|dish
magazines|drawer|UsedFor|reading
lumberyard|river|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
library|desktop|HasA|walls
fear|lightning|IsA|negative emotion
store|ground|IsA|place
classroom|town|HasProperty|a gathering place
hotel|party|IsA|place
container|kitchen|CapableOf|store things
supermarket|pantry|IsA|type of business
table|boat|MadeOf|wood
telephone|shop|IsA|n electronic device
depression|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
dust|outside|AtLocation|inside
boat|basement|IsA|place or location
fun|stupid|IsA|n emotion
desktop|wall|CapableOf|show you time
cage|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
squirrel|countryside|IsA|animal
depression|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
newspaper|library|PartOf|publication
chairs|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
desk|house|MadeOf|wood
hole|lemur|IsA|animal
basement|container|IsA|room in a home
montana|street|IsA|state
vaccines|dreams|IsA|physical object
india|forest|IsA|proper noun
erections|death|IsA|physical object
pain|nostalgia|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
movie|throne|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
love|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
auditorium|human|HasA|usually have people inside
bridge|water|IsA|man made
warehouse|room|UsedFor|storage
airport|friends|IsA|type /part of building
california|america|AtLocation|within the usa
garage|bathroom|UsedFor|car repair
library|paper|UsedFor|reading
conference|heaven|UsedFor|praying
reflection|performing|HasA|physical appearance
bathroom|supermarket|UsedFor|cleaning your body
concert|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
inspiration|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
blanket|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
restaurant|gentleman|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
house|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
garden|nails|IsA|location
plate|container|HasProperty|used for meals
canada|playground|HasProperty|a country
conference|building|HasA|ticket box usually
universe|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
synagogue|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
backyard|forest|UsedFor|children to play
elevator|opera|PartOf|building
coats|school|HasProperty|item of clothing
depression|controversy|IsA|emotion
newspaper|manual|PartOf|publication
door|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
closet|dust|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|coats|IsA|place to live
restaurant|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
learning|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
cafe|movies|IsA|drink
blanket|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
demonstration|mouth|CapableOf|be attended
pocket|cabinet|UsedFor|carrying things
india|city|IsA|proper noun
jar|ocean|IsA|man made
trunk|groceries|UsedFor|storing things in
nature|wilderness|HasProperty|2 syllables
theater|synagogue|IsA|event
roof|furniture|HasA|ceiling
conference|people|UsedFor|praying
soup|cupboard|CapableOf|be eaten
jail|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
car|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
house|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
shock|sorrow|IsA|something a baby could have
boat|street|UsedFor|transportation
toilet|bar|UsedFor|urination
laughter|favors|IsA|activity
college|airport|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
office|chair|UsedFor|work
jar|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
cellar|street|IsA|place
house|party|IsA|building
injuries|sweat|HasProperty|about  clashes
speaker|garage|UsedFor|announcing something
paint|garage|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
supermarket|people|IsA|location
tension|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
bee|ocean|CapableOf|fly
change|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
suburbs|countryside|IsA|residential area
hallway|valley|AtLocation|in your company
fear|cut|IsA|negative emotion
garage|pantry|IsA|place to store items
action|purse|CapableOf|hold objects
mansion|town|HasA|roof
pride|park|IsA|feeling 
canada|building|IsA|nation
conference|building|UsedFor|announcing something
office|bathroom|UsedFor|work
park|musical|IsA|place or location
bridge|moon|UsedFor|link between places
trees|pond|IsA|nature-related
school|classroom|IsA|building
floor|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
kitchens|container|IsA|type of business
instruction|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
farmyard|bathroom|AtLocation|outside
trauma|embarrassment|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
montana|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
warehouse|mail|IsA|structure or building
glass|street|IsA|physical item 
plate|jar|UsedFor|serving dinner
ocean|fish|HasA|water
wood|river|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
closet|beer|UsedFor|storing things in
bathroom|germany|PartOf|building
hotel|wall|IsA|business
refrigerators|kitchen|CapableOf|store things
concert|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
panic|teaching|IsA|negative feeling or expression
excitement|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
pen|pocket|IsA|school supply
cinema|people|IsA|location
building|michigan|AtLocation|in united states
museum|cabinet|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
library|table|IsA|room
table|rug|HasA|legs
building|connection|IsA|public place
passageway|company|IsA|public place
apartment|toilet|IsA|building
carpet|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
encyclopedia|thinking|UsedFor|studying
internet|books|PartOf|publication
backyard|garden|UsedFor|children to play
roadway|city|CapableOf|be parked on
room|box|IsA|place
california|ground|IsA|place people live
home|jar|HasA|door
cooking|park|MadeOf|fiber
pencils|paper|UsedFor|writing
kitchen|apartment|HasProperty|a room
garage|puddle|IsA|physical item 
microwave|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
trash|closet|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
conference|teacher|IsA|place people can visit
bar|car|HasProperty|associated with drinking
bedroom|theater|IsA|room in a house
ground|demonstration|CapableOf|be touched
work|skyscraper|AtLocation|indoors
soup|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
school|death|HasA|exterior walls
park|corner|IsA|ground where child play
newspaper|drawer|UsedFor|reading 
speaker|building|IsA|human or part of human
pantry|bottle|HasA|door
book|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
ceiling|bedroom|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
bar|museum|UsedFor|storing things inside
russia|lemur|IsA|animal
cabinet|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
speaker|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
chocolate|families|UsedFor|eating
valley|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
desk|forest|IsA|inanimate object
mouse|cupboard|CapableOf|storing food
attic|light|MadeOf|wood
hallway|toilet|HasProperty|a room
basement|theater|IsA|room in a house
garage|attic|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
canada|outside|HasA|city inside
ceiling|sky|HasProperty|white
street|china|UsedFor|transportation
street|box|IsA|mode of transportation
enjoyment|tears|IsA|emotion
sorrow|shock|IsA|emotion
attic|corner|UsedFor|storage
stomach|jar|IsA|  place
greenhouse|disneyland|IsA|building
restaurant|nebraska|IsA|building
desktop|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
closet|bathtub|HasA|first letter c
bathroom|shelf|IsA|room
australia|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
lumberyard|chair|IsA|place or location
container|conference|UsedFor|carrying things
kitchen|sewer|IsA|room in a building
book|color|UsedFor|studying
books|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
birds|roof|IsA|animal
kitchen|store|AtLocation|in a house
creek|countryside|IsA|1 syllable word
hotel|toilet|IsA|place you could sleep in
accomplishment|battle|IsA|positive card
anxiety|reflection|IsA|emotion
carrots|soup|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
restaurant|ocean|UsedFor|serving food
maine|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
container|food|UsedFor|serving dinner
synagogue|ocean|IsA|religious card
synagogue|book|HasA|walls
pencils|nails|IsA|school supply
movement|effort|HasA|m at the beginning
table|ceiling|MadeOf|wood
homes|band|IsA|place
toilet|house|UsedFor|in a bathroom
wedding|buildings|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
magazine|drawer|UsedFor|reading
notebook|garden|UsedFor|writing in
classroom|sun|IsA|specific part of a structure
kitchen|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
theater|conference|IsA|place
notebook|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
loft|sewer|AtLocation|inside a person's home
computer|street|HasA|first letter c
library|vase|IsA|necessity for education
pantry|roof|UsedFor|storage
opera|class|CapableOf|be performed
attic|bicycle|PartOf|house
canada|city|IsA|country or state
manual|information|IsA|thing you can touch
apartment|car|HasProperty|a building structure
airport|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
backpack|window|IsA|object
backpack|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
universe|ocean|MadeOf|energy
restaurant|porch|UsedFor|serving food
elevator|music|PartOf|building
newspaper|internet|HasProperty|a publication
dinner|book|HasProperty|a meal
house|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
bay|sea|AtLocation|inland
house|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
rug|doctor|UsedFor|furniture
cellar|water|PartOf|house
enjoyment|love|UsedFor|hobbies
encyclopedia|meeting|UsedFor|studying
refrigerator|classroom|HasProperty|sold in stores
television|mouth|IsA|electronic device
atlas|map|UsedFor|reading
mansion|buildings|IsA|single structure
america|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
bed|river|IsA|place or location
funeral|building|IsA|ceremony
waterfall|fish|HasA|water
continent|fish|HasA|earth
apartment|television|HasA|usually have people inside
assessment|building|UsedFor|announcing something
restaurant|kitchen|IsA|building
oven|container|HasProperty|used for meals
trash|table|IsA|1 syllable word
chair|hope|HasProperty|found in the house
town|subdivision|IsA|residential area
garage|bathroom|HasProperty|used for storing cars
porch|trunk|PartOf|house
store|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
club|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
bee|beach|IsA|living thing
texas|mountains|IsA|state
apartment|tent|IsA|house where man live
information|books|HasProperty|singular
canada|picture|HasA|city inside
desktop|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
cabinet|dinner|IsA|furniture
office|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
garage|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
house|inside|IsA|building
computer|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
wisconsin|valley|HasProperty|human made
library|theater|UsedFor|reading
hotel|hospital|IsA|business
happiness|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
soup|ocean|IsA|physical item 
restaurant|closet|IsA|type of business
skin|tent|UsedFor|buying food
book|internet|CapableOf| be held in your hand
apartment|earth|IsA|home
school|park|IsA|public building
birds|sky|IsA|animal
table|box|IsA|furniture
garden|bathtub|MadeOf|organic brown matter
apartment|park|AtLocation|on the map
library|meeting|IsA|thing you can touch
stress|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
dinner|box|UsedFor|eating
airplane|school|CapableOf|fly
blood|garage|PartOf|the human body
church|montana|IsA|religious card
plane|building|UsedFor|travel
apartment|television|IsA|type of building
sadness|problems|IsA|emotion
valley|wilderness|HasA|water
controversy|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
market|onions|IsA|location or room
maine|canada|MadeOf|fiber
mexico|mountains|AtLocation|labeled on a map
speaker|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
trees|roof|MadeOf|wood
underground|mountains|AtLocation|below
europe|suit|IsA|place people can meet
wallet|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
book|ceiling|MadeOf|paper
drawer|utensils|IsA|furniture
wilderness|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
celebrating|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
universe|magazine|IsA|place
hallway|yard|AtLocation|indoors
attic|outside|IsA|room (type)
church|human|IsA|place where you can visit
country|fish|HasProperty|human made
plate|box|UsedFor|eating
knowledge|nightmares|HasProperty|typically positive
office|classroom|UsedFor|writing
injuries|tension|HasA|physical element
court|outside|HasA|roof
building|countryside|CapableOf|be man made
pizza|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
suburb|desert|IsA|place where you can live
europe|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
pride|thinking|IsA|colorful
ficus|home|HasProperty|a state in the usa
town|wedding|IsA|tourist destination
desktop|office|HasProperty|used for learning
bathroom|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
desktop|lamp|IsA|n electronic device
porch|bed|IsA|room or building
mountains|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
forest|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
shelf|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
home|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
books|table|UsedFor|viewing/reading
wall|microwave|AtLocation|library
universe|peanuts|HasA|to do with planets
computer|party|IsA|n electronic device
computer|party|HasProperty|used for learning
ocean|fish|IsA|place that humans can swim
cupboard|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
bedroom|program|UsedFor|sleeping on
sewer|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
porch|magazines|IsA|room or building
supermarket|silverware|HasA|edible items for sale
grape|field|IsA|food
floor|doctor|IsA|physical item 
toronto|bed|IsA|place
stomach|table|IsA|  place
food|families|CapableOf|be eaten
container|plate|CapableOf|store things
problems|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
room|stairs|CapableOf|sleep on it
grass|yard|IsA|living/once living
ballpark|answer|HasProperty|related to children
skin|montana|HasProperty|part of a human
table|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
enjoyment|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
happiness|suicide|IsA|emotion
ceiling|sun|HasProperty|white
freeway|dictionary|IsA|place
shop|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
controversy|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
cupboard|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
boat|glass|CapableOf|be used as transport 
hallway|street|AtLocation|at a home
college|meeting|IsA|building
apartment|library|IsA|place where people live
backpack|conference|UsedFor|carrying things
ocean|party|IsA|building
fire|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
antarctica|outside|IsA|continent
cabinet|case|IsA|furniture
park|workplace|HasProperty|outdoors
supermarket|tent|IsA|place you buy food
desk|bedroom|HasA|legs
house|street|CapableOf|be lived in
notebook|nails|IsA|school supply
sweat|nightmares|IsA|physical object
cupboard|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
pain|controversy|IsA|something a baby could have
sloth|universe|AtLocation|at a zoo
mountain|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
pain|crying|IsA|feeling/emotion
hallway|garage|HasProperty|a room
jail|manual|CapableOf|be entered
sea|aquarium|HasA|3 letters
roof|tree|PartOf|house
synagogue|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
bedroom|museum|MadeOf|wood
casino|change|IsA|place to be entertained
love|crying|IsA|emotion
table|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
seattle|snow|IsA|type of place
hospital|state|IsA|building
park|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
dust|outside|AtLocation|indoors
stick|outside|IsA|living/once living
jar|cabinet|UsedFor|carrying things
communication|favors|IsA|activity
meeting|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
kitchen|food|HasA|store edible items
salad|bowl|IsA|food
garden|greenhouse|HasProperty|found in a home
opera|war|CapableOf|be performed
speaker|conference|IsA|human or part of human
office|imagination|IsA|place of religion
park|trees|UsedFor|children to play
television|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
forest|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
beach|moon|IsA|vacation destination
crying|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
bedroom|corner|IsA|type /part of building
shelf|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
injury|lightning|IsA|emotion
trauma|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
austria|mountain|IsA|location
grass|rock|IsA|living/once living
garden|birds|HasProperty|man made
manual|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
desktop|roof|AtLocation|indoors
house|backpack|HasA|doors
people|apartment|HasProperty|alive
synagogue|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
florida|city|IsA|proper noun
nightmares|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
coats|bedroom|IsA|item of clothing
concert|electricity|UsedFor|live performances
inspiration|money|IsA|positive thing
work|microwave|AtLocation|library
knowledge|shock|IsA|positive thing
container|groceries|UsedFor|storing things in
shelf|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
refrigerator|garage|AtLocation|indoors
birds|human|CapableOf|fly
nightmares|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
club|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
house|boxes|IsA|room (type)
books|floor|CapableOf|be used for school
maine|utah|HasA|border with an ocean
hotel|closet|UsedFor|a holiday
laughter|learning|IsA|emotion
hotel|maze|HasA|beds
clothing|floor|CapableOf|be easily carried
refrigerator|apartment|HasProperty|a state in the usa
floor|car|MadeOf|wood
knowledge|club|UsedFor|learning
valley|river|HasA|earth
garden|trees|CapableOf|be man made
supermarket|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
party|machine|UsedFor|fun
park|television|IsA|ground where child play
tree|wood|IsA|place or location
person|war|PartOf|the human body
dancing|love|IsA|activity
computer|lamp|MadeOf|wood
sea|sunshine|IsA|place
knowledge|field|HasProperty|related to studying
moss|stick|HasProperty|green
sun|summer|IsA|place
body|church|UsedFor|buying food
work|car|AtLocation|library
purse|wallet|UsedFor|living
nightmares|trauma|IsA|something a baby could have
fear|reflection|IsA|negative emotion
river|aquarium|IsA|place that humans can swim
garage|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
house|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
india|bank|IsA|country
sweetness|punch|IsA|emotion
skin|apartment|HasProperty|part of a human
bedroom|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
australia|field|IsA|place
montana|beaver|PartOf|political geographical area
opera|synagogue|IsA|event
kitchens|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
creek|nature|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
park|ground|AtLocation|outside
library|books|IsA|place
colorado|trees|MadeOf|metal
garage|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
supermarket|park|IsA|public building
pocket|conference|UsedFor|carrying things
beach|street|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
farmyard|painting|IsA|location
garden|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
yard|park|HasProperty|part of your  house
battle|accomplishment|HasProperty|about  clashes
bathroom|horse|IsA|location
store|building|IsA|business
pantry|refrigerator|UsedFor|storing things in
pantry|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
cupboard|house|HasProperty|an object
boat|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
basement|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
freeway|trunk|AtLocation|on a map
table|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
magazine|cage|CapableOf|be read
monastery|conference|IsA|religious card
classroom|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
outdoors|desert|MadeOf|trees
shelf|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
couch|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
airport|corner|HasProperty|a public place
office|table|IsA|room
newspaper|shop|IsA|physical item 
book|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
cabinet|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
newspaper|airport|IsA|physical item 
desk|beach|MadeOf|wood
excitement|panic|IsA|negative emotion
chair|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
refrigerator|desktop|UsedFor|storage
anger|field|IsA|emotion
airplane|kitchen|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
bedroom|boxes|IsA|room (type)
kitchen|pot|IsA|place to make food
injury|cut|IsA|emotion
museum|workplace|UsedFor|children to study
program|couch|MadeOf|wood
clothing|porch|CapableOf|be easily carried
suburb|subdivision|IsA|residential area
wisconsin|sea|HasProperty|human made
supermarket|party|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
backpack|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
desk|dinner|IsA|piece of furniture
classroom|apartment|HasProperty|a room
city|lake|IsA|place
supermarket|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
doorway|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
cupboard|groceries|MadeOf|wood
table|car|MadeOf|wood
attic|disneyland|IsA|room
hallway|dance|IsA|type of room
cabinet|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
ocean|closet|IsA|building
elevator|germany|PartOf|building
grape|bowl|IsA|food
tent|synagogue|UsedFor|camping
bar|cup|IsA|location or room
windowsill|bathroom|UsedFor|holding things
marmoset|drink|IsA|animal or book
continent|friend|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
house|dust|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
coffee|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
valley|country|HasA|water
table|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
earth|skin|IsA|place
voice|telephone|AtLocation|on/in the human body
office|party|IsA|n electronic device
church|jail|IsA|place people go for fun
purse|pocket|UsedFor|living
room|box|PartOf|house
library|table|IsA|type /part of building
washington|kentucky|IsA|border state
restaurant|computer|UsedFor|storing things inside
laughter|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
table|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
library|demonstration|IsA|location
asia|world|IsA|continent
movie|garden|AtLocation|in a building
dictionary|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
restaurant|state|IsA|business that serves food
restaurants|refrigerator|IsA|public place
kitchen|cheese|IsA|location or room
coffee|case|UsedFor|eating
carnival|confession|IsA|place or location
cage|sky|PartOf|physical structure
suffering|field|IsA|emotion
speaker|assessment|IsA|human or part of human
table|museum|IsA|room
groceries|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
dust|attic|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
cabinet|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
home|hallway|CapableOf|be slept in
shock|controversy|IsA|something a baby could have
store|beaver|UsedFor|driving 
supermarket|nails|IsA|location
backpack|teacher|IsA|school supply
toronto|nature|IsA|place
pocket|vase|IsA|necessity for education
understanding|thinking|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
closet|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
bread|jail|PartOf|food and drink
bowl|desk|IsA|something you eat off
microwave|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
water|street|UsedFor|eating or drinking
soup|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
room|loft|HasA|ceiling
chocolate|park|CapableOf|be eaten
jail|air|CapableOf|be entered
street|desktop|IsA|place
hotel|love|IsA|public place
countryside|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
groceries|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
museum|desktop|MadeOf|wood
store|shelf|IsA|type of shop
table|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
bathroom|potatoes|UsedFor|cleaning your body
basement|fun|IsA|place
supermarket|stomach|HasA|edible items for sale
classroom|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
excitement|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
television|garbage|PartOf|house
trunk|clothes|MadeOf|wood
refrigerator|table|UsedFor|keeping things cool
pocket|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
warehouse|garage|UsedFor|storage
kitchen|house|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
bathroom|jar|HasA|door
maine|steakhouse|IsA|us state
vase|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
wilderness|encyclopedia|IsA|place
home|nature|IsA|part of a property
refrigerator|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
school|office|IsA|place of formal education
closet|clothing|UsedFor|to keep items
desert|glass|HasProperty|hot
restaurant|table|IsA|place or location
thinking|action|IsA|emotion
museum|human|UsedFor|education
chair|airport|AtLocation|in a house
erections|desires|PartOf|human body
trunk|beer|UsedFor|storing things in
bowl|microwave|IsA|something you eat off
supermarket|movies|IsA|place
forest|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
skin|tent|HasProperty|part of a human
sadness|knowing|IsA|emotion
synagogue|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
oven|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
circus|synagogue|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
garden|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
bed|funeral|MadeOf|wood
inspiration|pain|IsA|positive thing
party|hospital|IsA|list of alphabets
restaurant|car|AtLocation|on the map
school|battle|UsedFor|to get a degree
computer|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
refrigerator|food|UsedFor|keeping things cool
cupboard|sink|MadeOf|wood
pantry|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
trunk|backpack|UsedFor|to keep items
manual|shelf|UsedFor|viewing/reading
kitchens|cup|IsA|type of room in houses
home|refrigerator|IsA|place people live
cellar|outside|IsA|room (type)
trash|apartment|CapableOf|cooking
prison|dictionary|IsA|place
game|garden|AtLocation|in a building
bottle|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
apartment|classroom|UsedFor|living inside of
nostalgia|knowledge|IsA|emotion
house|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
cabinet|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
town|countryside|IsA|place you visit often
potatoes|soup|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
discovery|reflection|HasProperty|used to drive in
warehouse|university|PartOf|house
trunk|bedroom|HasProperty|easily movable
house|school|UsedFor|sleeping
drawer|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
purse|change|IsA|thing you have on person
beach|landfill|UsedFor|playing
kitchen|onions|IsA|location or room
closet|outside|HasA|opening or door
kitchen|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
closet|pot|UsedFor|storing things in
theater|car|IsA|location
pond|ocean|IsA|man made
boat|street|IsA|physical item 
table|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
library|locker|UsedFor|reading
trauma|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
church|gentleman|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
bar|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
bedroom|conference|IsA|type of room
cat|rug|HasA|animal
person|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
happiness|punishment|IsA|emotion
lake|dictionary|MadeOf|water
hallway|city|AtLocation|in your company
texas|snow|IsA|place
garden|ground|HasProperty|man made
refrigerator|roof|AtLocation|indoors
church|garden|AtLocation|in a building
university|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
backpack|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
picture|playground|AtLocation|at a party
warehouse|boxes|IsA|structure or building
motel|bedroom|IsA|building
shelf|store|UsedFor|storage
allergies|joy|CapableOf|happiness
library|museum|IsA|place for reading
pond|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
couch|heaven|PartOf|house 
park|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
supermarket|garden|UsedFor|purchasing edible items
kitchen|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
wisconsin|pond|HasProperty|human made
house|safe|CapableOf|be lived in
desk|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
drawer|house|MadeOf|wood
plate|case|UsedFor|eating food off
thinking|cut|IsA|emotion
doctor|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
kitchen|table|IsA|location
cupboard|dinner|IsA|furniture
apartment|home|IsA|looks like house
canada|yard|IsA|place you visit often
sugar|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
table|supermarket|AtLocation|in a home
neighborhood|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
backpack|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
table|pantry|IsA|place to store items
potatoes|field|IsA|sweet or savory
basement|floor|IsA|type of room
museum|notebook|HasA|walls
table|desk|IsA|something you eat off
motel|house|HasProperty|a place you can work
internet|newspaper|UsedFor|reading
meeting|movie|HasA|person stood at the front
picture|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
backyard|indiana|PartOf|house
people|car|HasProperty|alive
basement|chair|IsA|place or location
television|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a home
restaurants|car|HasProperty|associated with drinking
airport|gate|HasA|airplanes
motel|human|IsA|building
cat|bed|IsA|store items
outdoors|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
table|friends|UsedFor|furniture
classroom|demonstration|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
beach|desert|IsA|vacation destination
morgue|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
television|class|IsA|part media
forest|wilderness|HasProperty|2 syllables
boat|street|IsA|place or location
town|forest|UsedFor|children to play
lake|countryside|IsA|1 syllable word
desk|ceiling|PartOf|an office
doorway|school|PartOf|house 
suburbs|books|IsA|place
attic|boxes|IsA|room in a home
school|opera|PartOf|building
books|information|IsA|thing you can touch
beach|canada|IsA|nature-related
carpet|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
creek|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
nature|desert|MadeOf|trees
pocket|change|IsA|thing you have on person
supermarket|tent|UsedFor|buying food
table|store|MadeOf|wood
party|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
marmoset|burrow|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
street|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
canada|valley|IsA|country or state
newspaper|meeting|IsA|part media
sink|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
competing|battle|IsA|positive card
california|dictionary|IsA|place
library|locker|IsA|building
college|office|IsA|place of formal education
table|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
pencils|store|UsedFor|writing
radio|book|UsedFor|news
universe|front|HasA|to do with planets
store|passageway|IsA|business
house|utensils|UsedFor|storage
montana|roadway|IsA|state
celebrating|tears|IsA|physical emotion
pride|lightning|IsA|colorful
morgue|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
speaker|demonstration|IsA|inanimate object
box|funeral|UsedFor|storing physical things
hotel|room|IsA|building
house|computer|IsA|type of building
indiana|burrow|IsA|country or state name
roadway|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
carnival|town|HasA|ticket box usually
colorado|mountains|IsA|state
plate|condiments|UsedFor|serving dinner
closet|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
porch|airport|IsA|1 syllable  word
celebrating|smiles|IsA|activity
happiness|entertainment|IsA|n emotion
park|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
kitchen|cupboard|IsA|location
desktop|stomach|MadeOf|metal
backpack|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
demonstration|corner|HasProperty|a public place
program|table|MadeOf|wood
television|clouds|CapableOf|show films
dancing|fun|IsA|activity
outside|plants|IsA|location
bridge|river|CapableOf|be walked on
garage|corner|UsedFor|storage
ground|closet|MadeOf|organic brown matter
house|television|HasA|usually have people inside
market|ground|IsA|place
roof|michigan|PartOf|house
car|cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cabinet|nails|UsedFor|storage
stamps|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bridge|water|UsedFor|link between places
anger|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
cabinet|sink|IsA|furniture
school|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
bar|woods|IsA|room in a property
suburbs|town|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
attic|drawer|PartOf|house
park|summer|IsA|place
box|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
mexico|park|IsA|nation
crying|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
library|floor|IsA|room or building
france|wilderness|AtLocation|below
garage|outside|IsA|room
stove|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
cheese|container|IsA|type of food
park|tree|HasProperty|man made
bathroom|internet|IsA|location
confession|imagination|IsA|religious card
valley|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
church|ocean|IsA|religious card
supermarket|can|IsA|type of business
russia|field|IsA|place
building|garden|HasA|walls
fear|discovery|IsA|emotion
television|car|UsedFor|news
bay|pond|IsA|place that humans can swim
smiles|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
food|store|HasProperty|related to eating
butterflies|performing|IsA|colorful
sugar|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
discovery|action|HasProperty|used to drive in
radio|voice|IsA|electronic device
disneyland|cup|IsA|  place
pride|reflection|IsA|colorful
television|bed|IsA|store items
dinner|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
magazine|clothing|UsedFor|reading
apartment|body|IsA|place
bay|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
vase|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
apartment|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
desk|conference|IsA|n item of furniture
hotel|entertainment|UsedFor|overnight stays
store|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
butterflies|cut|HasA|physical appearance
encyclopedia|clothing|UsedFor|learning
class|garden|AtLocation|in a building
bar|bread|IsA|location or room
lake|magazine|IsA|place
chicken|pool|UsedFor|eating or drinking
street|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
birds|swimming|IsA|animal
market|demonstration|IsA|place
fun|car|IsA|n emotion
confession|church|IsA|place of religion
kitchens|pantry|IsA|type of business
school|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
airplane|heaven|CapableOf|fly
kitchen|countryside|HasProperty|in or is a building
change|jar|HasProperty|to do with currency
enjoyment|listening|IsA|emotion
plate|drawer|IsA|something you eat off
party|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
school|auditorium|IsA|building
detroit|chair|IsA|place where you can visit
roof|garage|AtLocation|on top of a house
listening|empathy|IsA|activity
town|michigan|IsA|part of a municipality
house|hospital|IsA|place to live
shed|street|IsA|place
sweat|dreams|IsA|physical object
ceiling|desk|UsedFor|building the structure of house
synagogue|backpack|IsA|building
paper|cabinet|UsedFor|carrying things
cup|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
cabinet|dishes|IsA|furniture
trash|store|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
dinner|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
bar|television|IsA|room in a property
airport|car|CapableOf|employ people
tent|montana|UsedFor|camping
audience|cinema|HasProperty|alive
trash|apartment|HasProperty|found in the garden
office|bar|UsedFor|communication
birds|performing|HasA|physical appearance
bedroom|attic|UsedFor|mainly sleep
dog|car|AtLocation|inside a house
purse|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
newspaper|book|IsA|part media
classroom|container|IsA|place where students learn
garage|boxes|IsA|room in a building
birds|skyscraper|CapableOf|move freely
revelations|action|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
seattle|weather|IsA|type of place
hallway|office|IsA|type of room
synagogue|laugh|HasProperty|a type of property
closet|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
pencils|nails|UsedFor|writing
indiana|canada|IsA|us state
person|building|AtLocation|at a house
market|condiments|IsA|location or room
library|telephone|HasProperty|used for learning
continent|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
pizza|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
book|safe|UsedFor|studying
chair|auditorium|IsA|n item of furniture
table|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
aircraft|stadium|CapableOf|fly
morgue|death|HasA|exterior walls
computer|bedroom|IsA|n electronic device
remembering|instruction|IsA|negative thing
bedroom|friends|IsA|type /part of building
outdoors|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
wedding|convention|IsA|social event
newspaper|love|AtLocation|library
museum|woods|IsA|room in a property
garage|sugar|IsA|room
happiness|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
backyard|trouble|IsA|part of a property
book|information|IsA|thing you can touch
entertainment|car|HasProperty|an action
speaker|demonstration|IsA|human or part of human
dirt|bathtub|MadeOf|organic brown matter
birds|air|IsA|animal
disneyland|rain|IsA|brand
fox|burrow|HasA|multiple definitions
embarrassment|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
salad|bathroom|IsA|food
college|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
wilderness|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
magazine|stream|CapableOf|be read
enjoyment|fun|IsA|emotion
bank|hole|IsA|place
cabinet|coffee|IsA|furniture
cabinet|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
stick|mountains|IsA|living/once living
backyard|california|PartOf|house
thinking|meeting|PartOf|human mind
dishwasher|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
chair|floor|IsA|item of furniture
highway|garage|UsedFor|car travel
bridge|river|HasProperty|human made
town|people|IsA|place or location
inside|plate|IsA|  place
silverware|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
manual|information|MadeOf|paper
montana|opera|IsA|planet
erections|sleeping|IsA|physical object
pond|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
confession|concert|UsedFor|referring to humans
dinner|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
airport|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
wedding|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
mountains|train|HasProperty|in a cold climate
cupboard|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
bathroom|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
library|human|UsedFor|education
car|clothes|UsedFor|storage
school|inside|IsA|building
restaurant|apartment|UsedFor|storing things inside
grape|refrigerator|IsA|food
washington|desert|PartOf|political geographical area
motel|town|IsA|something you can own
attic|ocean|HasProperty|found in the house
car|ocean|IsA|physical item 
town|restaurant|IsA|place you visit often
plants|ground|AtLocation|outside
city|funeral|IsA|place
desk|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
jail|restaurant|UsedFor|punishing people
wall|pantry|IsA|place to store items
dirt|street|MadeOf|organic brown matter
light|attic|MadeOf|energy
kitchen|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
restaurant|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
love|smiles|IsA|emotion
apartment|kitchen|CapableOf|be slept in
mexico|doctor|IsA|place
bedroom|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
field|lemur|IsA|animal
park|yard|IsA|nature-related
oven|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
warehouse|car|IsA|place
problems|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
beach|playground|UsedFor|swimming
museum|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
library|refrigerator|CapableOf|contain multiple people
tree|basement|IsA|place or location
bathroom|salad|UsedFor|cleaning your body
microwave|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
apartment|demonstration|IsA|location
garage|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
panic|confusion|IsA|five-letter word
books|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
river|desert|IsA|small area
table|papers|IsA|furniture
backpack|jar|IsA|school supply
sky|floor|AtLocation|above the ground
nature|lake|MadeOf|trees
sky|cage|IsA|natural thing
pocket|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
apartment|classroom|IsA|type of building
show|school|UsedFor|recreation activity
lamp|program|IsA|physical and movable item
death|enemies|IsA|physical outcome
restaurant|game|HasA|person stood at the front
england|yard|IsA|country or state
clothing|game|UsedFor|wearing
door|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
building|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
store|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
television|park|AtLocation|inside a home
valley|bird|MadeOf|trees
boredom|park|CapableOf|happiness
fight|accomplishment|HasProperty|about  clashes
dinner|trunk|MadeOf|food
bowl|case|IsA|something you eat off
happiness|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
elevator|building|IsA|physical and movable item
heart|communication|IsA|happy card
kitchen|garage|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
restaurant|cupboard|HasA|edible items for sale
buildings|town|HasA|roof
house|park|HasProperty|found in a home
suburbs|china|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
factory|warehouse|UsedFor|generating products or plants
restaurant|table|AtLocation|on the map
bridge|outside|HasProperty|made by humans
papers|university|AtLocation|home
burrow|marmoset|IsA|activity 
basement|silence|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
chair|conference|IsA|n item of furniture
grape|cupboard|CapableOf|be sweet
desert|desktop|IsA|place
desktop|party|IsA|electronic device
arkansas|california|HasA|start with a
france|snow|IsA|place
cabinet|table|UsedFor|keeping books
bathroom|woods|IsA|room
meeting|europe|AtLocation|in a building
restaurants|dinner|IsA|public place
car|jail|UsedFor|driving
cave|love|IsA|public place
river|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
cabinet|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
pocket|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
floor|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
drawer|meeting|IsA|furniture
cupboard|shelf|HasA|door
jail|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
highway|mexico|UsedFor|driving on or over
church|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
wilderness|river|HasA|earth
supermarket|jar|HasA|door
drawer|store|MadeOf|wood
encyclopedia|safe|UsedFor|studying
refrigerator|outside|AtLocation|indoors
electricity|lamp|MadeOf|wood
church|opera|IsA|planet
basement|building|IsA|room in a house
classroom|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
museum|band|IsA|type of building
sky|forest|IsA|1 syllable word
bathroom|store|IsA|type of room
table|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
laughter|skin|IsA|emotion
pool|river|IsA|physical item 
floor|home|IsA|physical item 
shelf|container|HasProperty|a beverage
home|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
empathy|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
outside|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
kitchen|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
bedroom|house|IsA|room in a property
restaurant|candy|IsA|public building
classroom|office|UsedFor|reading
building|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
creek|outdoors|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
internet|newspaper|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
market|corner|IsA|type /part of building
garden|encyclopedia|IsA|location
garden|backpack|IsA|location
hospital|telephone|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
dentist|home|CapableOf|provide a service
bedroom|airport|UsedFor|cooking
understanding|discovery|HasProperty|(usually) between/towards people
program|house|MadeOf|wood
cabinet|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
disneyland|arctic|PartOf|city
cage|lake|MadeOf|trees
school|homes|UsedFor|education
garden|greenhouse|UsedFor|children to play
manual|library|AtLocation|on a shelf
classroom|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
grape|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
bay|waterfall|IsA|place that humans can swim
pond|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
happiness|entertainment|IsA|emotion
porch|magazine|IsA|room or building
shelf|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
airport|ceiling|HasA|use electricity
garage|shed|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
blood|morgue|IsA|type of fluid
suburb|street|IsA|place where you can live
table|house|HasProperty|an object
library|television|IsA|place
train|ground|HasA|outdoor scenery
stream|dictionary|MadeOf|water
supermarket|field|HasA|edible items for sale
city|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
hunger|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
conference|auditorium|UsedFor|praying
case|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
conference|theater|HasProperty|an event
performing|birds|IsA|emotion
apartment|party|AtLocation|on the map
computer|table|PartOf|admin role
empathy|suicide|IsA|emotion
canada|work|IsA|country or state
street|sunbathers|IsA|place
synagogue|wedding|IsA|place or location
rug|trouble|UsedFor|standing on
enemies|stress|HasA|physical element
california|fox|IsA|country or state name
papers|university|AtLocation|at home
jellyfish|park|CapableOf|be alive
nature|moon|HasProperty|white
bedroom|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
apartment|teapot|IsA|place people live
russia|cage|IsA|place
cat|bedroom|IsA|animal
dictionary|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
washington|horse|IsA|location
telephone|machine|UsedFor|communication
convention|tent|HasProperty|an event
convention|tent|UsedFor|learning
england|bus|IsA|country or state
shock|remembering|IsA|feeling/emotion
box|demonstration|UsedFor|packing things inside
pocket|action|IsA|thing you have on person
table|floor|IsA|place or location
embarrassment|suicide|IsA|emotion
garage|apartment|HasProperty|found in the garden
suffering|punch|IsA|emotion
lemur|moon|IsA|animal or book
music|war|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
bar|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
boat|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
driveway|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
garage|bicycle|PartOf|house
kitchen|backpack|IsA|location
cupboard|table|MadeOf|metal
people|cinema|HasProperty|alive
bathroom|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
motion|stretch|HasA|m at the beginning
inspiration|controversy|IsA|positive thing
refrigerator|manual|CapableOf|be entered
supermarket|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
fear|action|IsA|emotion
mouth|building|IsA|human or part of human
park|doctor|IsA|place
outside|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
enjoyment|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
apartment|ficus|HasProperty|where someone can live
desktop|telephone|HasProperty|used for learning
pantry|bar|UsedFor|storing things in
cage|bank|UsedFor|holding animals
cat|outside|IsA|animal
lamp|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
elevator|theater|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
harbor|sink|UsedFor|transportation
bathroom|office|IsA|type of room
canada|restaurant|IsA|nation
house|library|IsA|place to live
nostalgia|controversy|IsA|emotion
school|blood|HasA|exterior walls
company|hospital|IsA|business
chair|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
beach|mexico|IsA|nature-related
arboretum|ground|HasProperty|where someone can live
box|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
bedroom|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
dentist|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
magazine|clothing|UsedFor|reading 
university|thinking|IsA|place to study
building|opera|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
beach|moon|HasProperty|hot
restaurant|apartment|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
grape|soup|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
cellar|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
dinner|university|HasProperty|a meal
bathroom|person|HasProperty|a room in a building
work|airport|AtLocation|library
home|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
airport|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
montana|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
fly|marmoset|IsA|activity 
cupboard|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
kitchen|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
classroom|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
automobile|chair|HasA|four wheels
house|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of building
radio|attic|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
sun|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
park|moon|HasProperty|hot
town|conference|UsedFor|living inside of
montana|newspaper|IsA|residential area
mountains|fox|PartOf|natural scenario
box|fun|UsedFor|storage
closet|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
dirt|bathtub|HasA|wheels
kitchen|field|HasProperty|a room in a residence
jar|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
car|store|CapableOf|allow you to travel
moon|toilet|PartOf|the galaxy
happiness|discovery|CapableOf|tell stories
butterflies|happiness|IsA|colorful
knowledge|color|PartOf|human mind
refrigerator|air|CapableOf|be entered
dictionary|underground|HasProperty|found above ground
drawer|dentist|IsA|physical item 
cellar|closet|IsA|room in a home
condiments|kitchens|IsA|type of food
blanket|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
lemur|wilderness|IsA|animal
bathroom|apartment|UsedFor|cleaning your body
bedroom|pantry|IsA|place to store items
kitchen|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
bar|burger|IsA|location or room
school|telephone|IsA|building
casino|pot|IsA|type of business
garage|dishwasher|IsA|building
table|bathroom|UsedFor|holding things
burger|table|IsA|type of food
rug|place|PartOf|house
table|field|HasProperty|made of wood
attic|church|PartOf|house
chocolate|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
universe|jar|HasA|to do with planets
fleas|roof|HasA|animal
countryside|street|IsA|place where you can live
anger|stress|IsA|five-letter word
cabinet|utensils|IsA|piece of furniture
bedroom|dance|IsA|type of room
smiles|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
mansion|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
sky|bedroom|AtLocation|above the ground
potatoes|cellar|IsA|food
disneyland|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
city|countryside|UsedFor|expanding development
clouds|ground|AtLocation|in the sky
supermarket|box|IsA|public building
dinner|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
closet|clouds|UsedFor|storage
sea|wisconsin|HasA|water
bar|manual|PartOf|food and drink
library|desktop|UsedFor|reading
porch|jail|IsA|object
clothing|house|HasProperty|an object
chair|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
pantry|bowl|IsA|location
kitchen|window|UsedFor|food
store|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
heaven|circus|IsA|religious card
concert|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
bird|desert|IsA|1 syllable word
cabinet|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
creek|lake|MadeOf|trees
kitchen|antarctica|IsA|room
funeral|jar|IsA|event
school|library|IsA|building
lumberyard|boat|IsA|place or location
universe|attic|MadeOf|energy
house|notes|IsA|building
shelf|encyclopedia|UsedFor|storage of physical items
conference|montana|HasProperty|an event
class|suit|IsA|place people can meet
jail|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
circus|heaven|IsA|place of religion
hotel|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
dinner|case|UsedFor|eating
hallway|woods|IsA|room in a property
backpack|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
closet|car|HasA|doors
table|connection|AtLocation|library
pen|teacher|UsedFor|writing
driveway|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
refrigerators|oven|HasA|store edible items
mouth|song|AtLocation|on/in the human body
yard|outdoors|CapableOf|be man made
universe|wilderness|HasProperty|in or is a building
wilderness|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
roof|sky|HasProperty|man made
ceiling|roof|AtLocation|in your room
church|opera|UsedFor|learning
cupboard|outside|AtLocation|indoors
happiness|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
box|universe|UsedFor|containing objects
window|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
fatigue|skin|IsA|emotion
disneyland|moon|HasProperty|hot
bedroom|television|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
sadness|dream|IsA|emotion
house|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
windowsill|box|PartOf|house
apartment|floor|HasProperty|a type of building
television|thinking|IsA|part media
door|funeral|MadeOf|wood
listening|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
furniture|garbage|PartOf|house
supermarket|chocolate|IsA|public building
closet|dirt|HasA|feet to stand 
refrigerator|conference|IsA|object
library|meeting|IsA|building
chicken|street|UsedFor|eating or drinking
pantry|market|IsA|type of room in houses
church|theater|IsA|place of worship
doctor|factory|IsA|job
florida|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
like|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
depression|crying|IsA|emotion
bedroom|airplane|IsA|place to sleep
ground|street|MadeOf|organic brown matter
window|library|HasProperty|found in a house
potatoes|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
happiness|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
sewer|warehouse|PartOf|waste management system
action|lightning|IsA|colorful
bank|bathroom|UsedFor|holding things
classroom|shelf|CapableOf|contain multiple people
box|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
notebook|store|IsA|school supply
shop|drawer|IsA|room or building
meeting|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
pot|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
ficus|home|IsA|type of tree
potatoes|refrigerator|IsA|food
colorado|marmoset|MadeOf|metal
kitchen|bathroom|CapableOf|cook
market|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
neighborhood|newspaper|IsA|residential area
depression|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
refrigerators|food|HasA|store edible items
love|laughter|IsA|emotion
table|park|AtLocation|inside a house
factory|band|IsA|place
airport|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
bedroom|bar|HasProperty|a room
pain|crying|IsA|negative feeling
city|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
supermarket|change|IsA|place you can visit
trash|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
salad|store|UsedFor|healthy eating
shelf|backpack|IsA|furniture
pocket|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
school|closet|AtLocation|on the map
library|window|UsedFor|reading
notebook|paper|UsedFor|writing
inspiration|pain|HasProperty|typically positive
roof|classroom|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
bedroom|city|AtLocation|inside a house
conference|musical|IsA|place or location
utah|colorado|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
kitchen|garden|AtLocation|in a home
restaurants|bread|IsA|public place
paper|teacher|UsedFor|carrying things
glass|shelf|IsA|object
house|office|IsA|place to live
desktop|office|IsA|device used for working
knowledge|crying|HasProperty|typically positive
class|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
room|attic|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
barn|party|UsedFor|storing things inside
city|state|IsA|part of a municipality
drawer|shelf|HasProperty|an object
house|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
stress|teaching|IsA|negative feeling or expression
hospital|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
disneyland|forest|IsA|brand
street|countryside|HasProperty|man made
fire|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
program|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
corner|garden|HasA|first letter c
pantry|food|UsedFor|keeping things cool
restaurants|manual|PartOf|food and drink
michigan|homes|IsA|state in usa
elevator|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
car|bedroom|CapableOf|move people
trash|toilet|CapableOf|cooking
table|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
knowledge|movie|UsedFor|learning
desktop|curtain|HasProperty|hot
house|park|IsA|building
discovery|action|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
sweat|defeat|HasA|physical element
basement|pantry|HasA|ceiling
church|supermarket|IsA|place to be entertained
chair|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
desk|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
school|battle|IsA|job
container|soup|UsedFor|storage
classroom|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
plants|greenhouse|HasA|green plant
casino|beer|IsA|type of business
backpack|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
toilet|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
floor|utensils|UsedFor|to keep items
attic|beach|MadeOf|wood
wilderness|magazine|IsA|place
sun|curtain|HasProperty|hot
continent|waterfall|HasA|earth
junk|garbage|PartOf|house
carnival|park|HasA|ticket box usually
bedroom|ceiling|IsA|place to sleep
cup|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
hospital|town|IsA|building
bearing|trash|HasA|first letter b
restaurants|house|CapableOf|be closed
embarrassment|skin|IsA|emotion
circus|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
drinking|favors|IsA|activity
nature|ground|HasProperty|white
mouth|school|IsA|part of the body
bar|street|IsA|business that serves food
pantry|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
dinner|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
battle|church|HasProperty|outdoors
thinking|action|UsedFor|seeking an answer
valley|city|HasA|water
park|crowd|IsA|place
refrigerator|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
room|floor|IsA|building
ceiling|water|HasProperty|white
river|waterfall|IsA|place that humans can swim
backpack|shelf|CapableOf|be worn
joy|excitement|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
library|office|HasProperty|used for learning
television|head|HasA|screen
town|audience|IsA|location
city|desert|IsA|location
bubblegum|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
bedroom|office|IsA|place to live
freeway|books|IsA|place
container|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
motel|city|IsA|something you can own
california|home|IsA|looks like house
yard|forest|UsedFor|children to play
pizza|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
allergies|arguments|CapableOf|happiness
canada|beaver|PartOf|political geographical area
drawer|meeting|AtLocation|home
garage|house|CapableOf|store a car
pantry|garden|UsedFor|storage
pantry|jar|IsA|location
music|class|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
school|apartment|UsedFor|learning
park|frisbee|MadeOf|natural materials
california|mountains|IsA|country or state name
regret|pride|IsA|mental state
garden|michigan|UsedFor|generating products or plants
enjoyment|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
bedroom|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
conference|bathroom|UsedFor| gathering together
backyard|room|IsA|garden
elevator|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
house|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
desert|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
drawer|plate|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
cinema|apartment|UsedFor|putting on a show
garage|classroom|UsedFor|car repair
newspaper|television|PartOf|publication
television|attic|CapableOf|make sounds
house|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
desk|imagination|IsA|place of religion
kitchens|plate|IsA|location or room
bar|suburb|IsA|business that serves food
ficus|teapot|IsA|type of tree
safe|meeting|PartOf|the human body
inside|pantry|IsA|  place
butterflies|lightning|IsA|colorful
erections|desires|IsA|physical object
god|circus|IsA|religious card
egypt|beaver|IsA|location
museum|computer|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
canada|forest|IsA|nation
bathroom|soup|UsedFor|cleaning your body
anxiety|lightning|IsA|colorful
montana|town|IsA|state
opera|supermarket|IsA|event
lake|encyclopedia|IsA|place
death|garage|PartOf|the human body
ocean|bed|AtLocation|with water
sink|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
desert|snow|HasProperty|hot
airport|rug|IsA|type /part of building
seattle|forest|PartOf|city
mouth|wedding|IsA|part of the body
table|film|IsA|something you eat off
kitchen|garage|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
sweat|tension|HasA|physical element
bay|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
pond|countryside|CapableOf|be man made
shelf|clothes|UsedFor|to keep items
garage|fun|PartOf|house
synagogue|pocket|IsA|building
kitchen|bread|IsA|location or room
bedroom|table|IsA|type of room
refrigerator|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
wedding|tent|HasProperty|an event
books|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
cupboard|backpack|HasA|doors
town|yard|HasA|buildings in it
outside|roof|IsA|room
bathroom|television|HasA|usually have people inside
city|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
coats|passageway|IsA|item of clothing
water|ocean|CapableOf|can you drink it
thinking|butterflies|IsA|emotion
restaurant|garage|UsedFor|storing things inside
table|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
conference|nails|IsA|place people can visit
suburbs|montana|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
sadness|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
bar|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
dentist|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
roof|park|PartOf|house
college|newspaper|UsedFor|studying in
roof|desktop|MadeOf|wood
manual|table|UsedFor|viewing/reading
classroom|teacher|IsA|place where students learn
sahara|seattle|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
arkansas|oklahoma|HasA|start with a
excitement|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
indiana|mountains|IsA|place
encyclopedia|television|HasProperty|related to studying
communication|happiness|IsA|activity
table|antarctica|IsA|room
mouth|supermarket|IsA|part of the body
injuries|enemies|IsA|physical outcome
street|fun|IsA|mode of transportation
bathroom|grape|IsA|location
garden|jar|IsA|location
sleeping|death|HasProperty|related to sleep
bar|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
remembering|trauma|HasProperty|typically positive
bridge|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
table|utensils|UsedFor|storage
bathroom|computer|AtLocation|in a building
countryside|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
sink|street|IsA|physical item 
person|palace|PartOf|the human body
town|body|IsA|place
america|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
subdivision|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
store|internet|CapableOf|have people physically in it
computer|fingernails|HasA|first letter c
change|wallet|CapableOf|hold objects
garden|yard|IsA|nature-related
oven|kitchen|IsA|singular object
concert|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
room|manual|CapableOf|be entered
china|tropics|IsA|n individual country
supermarket|television|IsA|public building
lamp|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
cut|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
wilderness|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
desk|heaven|IsA|place of religion
backpack|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
garage|street|PartOf|house
city|hotel|IsA|tourist destination
basement|funeral|IsA|room in a home
briefcase|store|UsedFor|carrying things
church|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
bedroom|house|MadeOf|wood
toilet|aircraft|UsedFor|pooping
mexico|factory|IsA|country
books|internet|IsA|thing you can touch
university|game|UsedFor|learning
product|ground|CapableOf|be purchased
chair|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
apartment|student|IsA|building
ceiling|company|AtLocation|library
park|outdoors|CapableOf|be man made
nails|garden|AtLocation|in a home
happiness|inspiration|IsA|emotion
carpet|windowsill|AtLocation|on the floor
cabinet|dust|IsA|necessity for education
table|trunk|HasProperty|an object
store|bathtub|HasA|ceiling
shelf|dust|IsA|necessity for education
cupboard|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
furniture|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
battle|death|HasProperty|about  clashes
beach|trash|HasA|first letter b
universe|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
house|desert|IsA|place where you can live
computer|city|AtLocation|in your company
hotel|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
lemur|australia|IsA|animal
dust|house|MadeOf|wood
sky|desk|AtLocation|above the ground
sorrow|trauma|IsA|emotion
bar|pantry|IsA|location or room
food|plate|CapableOf|be consumed
cage|universe|AtLocation|at a zoo
refrigerator|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
cupboard|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
countryside|desert|MadeOf|trees
school|wedding|IsA|place
mountains|marmoset|IsA|place
university|attic|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
library|color|HasProperty|related to studying
countryside|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
wilderness|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
basement|opera|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
trunk|porch|HasProperty|easily movable
garage|computer|IsA|type of building
library|notes|IsA|building
books|california|CapableOf|be read
bag|funeral|UsedFor|storing physical things
house|hole|CapableOf|be currently visited
museum|desktop|IsA|place of learning
drawer|dinner|UsedFor|storage
birds|butterflies|CapableOf|fly
apartment|office|UsedFor|housing
humiliation|entertaining|IsA|emotion
movement|stretch|HasA|m at the beginning
library|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
mexico|doctor|IsA|country
oven|refrigerators|CapableOf|cook
universe|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
painting|horse|AtLocation|on a wall
carrots|store|IsA|food
jar|plate|CapableOf|store things
shelf|books|HasProperty|furniture
opera|couch|MadeOf|wood
ontario|beaver|PartOf|political geographical area
newspaper|college|IsA|object
creek|nature|IsA|1 syllable word
bank|table|IsA|room
outdoors|trees|UsedFor|children to play
cupboard|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
happiness|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
cupboard|field|HasProperty|made of wood
beach|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
florida|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
shelf|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
lake|forest|IsA|1 syllable word
cabinet|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
house|ocean|IsA|place to live
carnival|good|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
bathroom|house|HasProperty|a room
confession|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
nostalgia|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
indiana|rosebush|IsA|us state
garden|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
burger|container|IsA|type of food
woods|outdoors|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
bed|airport|PartOf|house 
hotel|auditorium|IsA|building
michigan|plate|IsA|place
food|cut|HasA|physical appearance
canada|beaver|PartOf|north america
automobile|porch|HasProperty|easily movable
park|workplace|IsA|place people go for fun
wilderness|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
house|desert|IsA|residential area
dinner|color|HasProperty|a meal
desk|hope|HasProperty|found in the house
california|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
apartment|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
clothes|house|HasProperty|an object
trash|cabinet|CapableOf|cooking
beach|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
house|moon|CapableOf|be currently visited
apartment|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
supermarket|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
house|conference|MadeOf|a natural material
suburb|city|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
attic|water|IsA|place
desk|ocean|HasProperty|found in the house
toilet|garage|AtLocation|in bathroom
bedroom|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
mouse|pot|CapableOf|storing food
room|furniture|HasA|ceiling
greenhouse|porch|IsA|building
airport|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
cabinet|television|AtLocation|in a building
library|wall|UsedFor|reading
pennsylvania|picture|IsA|location
yard|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
bar|state|IsA|business that serves food
television|clouds|CapableOf|make sounds
pantry|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
bed|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
kitchen|food|IsA|type of room
manual|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
kitchen|woods|IsA|room
park|roof|MadeOf|natural materials
circus|supermarket|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
death|tension|HasA|physical element
party|telephone|UsedFor|fun
desk|monastery|IsA|place of religion
blanket|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
potatoes|restaurant|IsA|food
bathtub|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
trash|restaurant|CapableOf|cooking
sink|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
book|connection|AtLocation|library
office|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of building
home|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
bearing|street|HasA|first letter b
garage|closet|IsA|place
backpack|shelf|IsA|object
road|playground|UsedFor|driving on or over
garage|barn|AtLocation|at a house
disneyland|town|HasA|ticket box usually
embarrassment|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
supermarket|park|HasA|ticket box usually
bathroom|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
city|commercial|IsA|place
street|snow|HasProperty|hot
key|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
notebook|desktop|UsedFor|reading
supermarket|backpack|IsA|location
birds|thinking|CapableOf|fly
television|lawn|IsA|something kept a home
library|atlas|IsA|building
pond|trees|CapableOf|be man made
supermarket|box|IsA|location
cupboard|desktop|UsedFor|storage
attic|outside|AtLocation|indoors
airport|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
smiles|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
room|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
apartment|student|IsA|location
bread|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
instruction|crying|IsA|positive thing
outside|trouble|IsA|part of a property
mexico|workplace|HasProperty|outdoors
kitchen|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
alabama|louisiana|HasA|start with a
telephone|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
box|apartment|UsedFor|learning
wedding|synagogue|IsA|event
bathroom|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
monastery|people|IsA|religious card
backyard|dog|IsA|outdoor area
bedroom|theater|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
nature|home|MadeOf|living parts
city|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
suburb|desert|IsA|residential area
books|window|IsA|object
kitchen|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
montana|convention|IsA|planet
hallway|skyscraper|AtLocation|indoors
cupboard|trunk|HasA|doors
morgue|palace|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
bathroom|stadium|UsedFor|pooping
embarrassment|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
bathroom|restaurant|UsedFor|cleaning your body
museum|human|IsA|type of building
aquarium|ocean|IsA|small body of water
love|suffering|IsA|emotion
skin|suicide|MadeOf|the human body
glass|window|IsA|object
workplace|library|IsA|place where people work
bathroom|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
america|city|IsA|proper noun
pantry|table|IsA|location
soup|field|IsA|sweet or savory
television|library|MadeOf|technology
apartment|rug|AtLocation|on the map
bridge|valley|HasProperty|made by humans
cut|butterflies|IsA|physical damage to the body
game|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
table|sink|HasProperty|made of wood
river|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
closet|fingernails|HasA|first letter c
jail|auditorium|UsedFor|sleeping
yard|countryside|HasProperty|man made
table|street|IsA|place or location
newspaper|countryside|UsedFor|expanding development
yard|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
trunk|store|UsedFor|storage
television|library|HasProperty|a solid item 
books|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
country|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
shock|problems|IsA|feeling/emotion
stove|table|CapableOf|cook things
farmyard|washington|PartOf|a house/home
colorado|mountains|AtLocation|labeled on a map
restaurant|floor|IsA|place or location
cupboard|backpack|IsA|furniture
windowsill|desert|MadeOf|trees
universe|dictionary|IsA|place
earth|wedding|IsA|planet
key|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
garage|cabinet|IsA|building
class|suit|UsedFor|learning
woods|sky|MadeOf|trees
carnival|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
cabinet|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
erections|nightmares|IsA|physical object
attic|garbage|PartOf|house
roof|loft|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
toilet|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
barn|concert|HasProperty|a type of property
table|glass|HasProperty|furniture
box|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
blood|hairbrush|PartOf|the human body
food|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
thinking|injury|IsA|emotion
erections|dreams|PartOf|human body
california|mountains|HasA|even number of letter
portfolio|classroom|HasProperty|sold in stores
conference|town|HasA|ticket box usually
supermarket|sink|HasA|door
house|animals|HasA|exterior walls
windowsill|forest|HasProperty|man-made
seaside|forest|IsA|man-made thing
school|newspaper|UsedFor|studying in
cellar|street|PartOf|house
cellar|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
backpack|dinner|UsedFor|storage
car|clothes|CapableOf|allow you to travel
love|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
pantry|trunk|HasA|door
closet|bottle|HasProperty|a beverage
house|loft|IsA|place to sleep
garden|tropics|IsA|small area
church|box|IsA|place to pray
trash|garage|CapableOf|cooking
england|mountains|IsA|country or state name
container|condiments|UsedFor|serving dinner
problems|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
bird|store|IsA|living thing
wedding|school|IsA|event
newspaper|books|HasA|letter e in it
bridge|continent|HasProperty|human made
purse|store|UsedFor|living
home|trunk|HasA|door
kitchen|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
restaurants|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
basement|air|AtLocation|at a home
closet|clothes|UsedFor|storage
church|synagogue|IsA|planet
nature|stream|MadeOf|trees
park|confession|IsA|place or location
playground|countryside|CapableOf|be man made
arboretum|ficus|HasProperty|where someone can live
park|countryside|UsedFor|children to play
bar|dinner|IsA|public place
garden|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
corporation|trouble|HasProperty|powerful
cupboard|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
earth|conference|IsA|place
desk|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
bag|warehouse|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
pocket|museum|CapableOf|be worn
newspaper|manual|HasA|letter e in it
car|bedroom|HasProperty|easily movable
bedroom|airport|IsA|place to live
beach|snow|HasProperty|hot
hunger|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
rug|store|AtLocation|inside a person's home
school|park|UsedFor|education
backpack|clothing|UsedFor|storage
house|shower|HasA|door
room|apartment|CapableOf|sleep on it
water|puddle|UsedFor|eating or drinking
house|floor|UsedFor|storage
forest|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
airplane|skyscraper|CapableOf|move freely
magazine|home|IsA|physical item 
loft|funeral|IsA|room in a home
garage|kitchen|IsA|building
classroom|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
street|sunshine|IsA|place
pantry|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
conference|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
england|hallway|IsA|country or state
agreement|excitement|IsA|activity
home|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
shop|newspaper|IsA|room or building
door|closet|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
hallway|desk|IsA|type of room
restaurant|carpet|IsA|place or location
table|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
sadness|hunger|IsA|emotion
basement|sugar|IsA|room
sweetness|punishment|IsA|emotion
money|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
thinking|revelations|UsedFor|seeking an answer
carpet|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
asia|dirt|PartOf|the continent 
television|windowsill|AtLocation|inside a home
happiness|dancing|IsA|emotion
injuries|competing|CapableOf|create physical pain
couch|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
store|rug|IsA|type of building
bedroom|museum|IsA|room
supermarket|action|IsA|place you can visit
peanuts|universe|HasProperty|related to children
jar|liquid|UsedFor|storage
food|garden|AtLocation|in a home
cave|passageway|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
food|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
ground|carpet|AtLocation|in your home
shock|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
desk|case|IsA|furniture
park|unemployment|HasProperty|something you can touch
restaurant|glass|HasA|edible items for sale
supermarket|people|IsA|place you buy food
apartment|body|IsA|house where man live
desktop|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
car|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
notebook|inside|IsA|object
town|street|IsA|place where you can live
conference|office|UsedFor|praying
dictionary|india|CapableOf|be read
container|refrigerator|UsedFor|storing things in
grape|field|IsA|object
notebook|locker|UsedFor|reading
injury|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
pantry|corner|MadeOf|wood
disneyland|supermarket|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
dinner|library|HasProperty|a meal
china|garden|IsA|big space
ocean|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
cupboard|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
lake|bird|MadeOf|water
dust|frogs|AtLocation|in your home
soup|store|IsA|sweet or savory
depression|pain|IsA|emotion
boat|soup|UsedFor|transportation
opera|garden|MadeOf|wood
city|universe|IsA|place
store|roof|IsA|building
street|desert|PartOf|city
house|newspaper|UsedFor|studying in
classroom|atlas|HasA|walls
closet|boxes|IsA|structure or building
work|desktop|CapableOf|employ people
indiana|mountains|IsA|country or state name
driveway|china|UsedFor|transportation
florida|store|IsA|place to be entertained
library|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
house|demonstration|IsA|inanimate object
bedroom|cellar|IsA|room
box|ballpark|UsedFor|containing objects
speaker|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
disneyland|synagogue|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
stuff|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
light|chair|MadeOf|energy
shelf|clothing|UsedFor|to keep items
television|outside|AtLocation|inside
country|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
table|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
disneyland|plate|IsA|  place
basement|theater|IsA|type of room
india|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
california|suburbs|IsA|proper noun
farm|town|IsA|something you can own
cabinet|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
field|punch|UsedFor|punish
people|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
refrigerator|shelf|UsedFor|storage
basement|desk|IsA|type of room
desktop|shelf|CapableOf|show you time
sea|curtain|HasProperty|hot
knowledge|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
restaurant|porch|IsA|building
country|city|CapableOf|make you do something
book|color|HasProperty|related to studying
house|car|UsedFor|to keep items
drawer|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
dishwasher|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
refrigerator|container|HasProperty|used for meals
kitchen|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
airport|connection|HasA|use electricity
library|desktop|IsA|building
hallway|house|HasProperty|a room
desk|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
squirrel|park|IsA|animal
sloth|moon|IsA|animal or book
city|wedding|IsA|tourist destination
inspiration|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
store|bowl|IsA|location
books|newspaper|UsedFor|reading
remembering|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
desktop|airport|AtLocation|library
river|captivity|IsA|location
cat|backyard|MadeOf|living parts
hunger|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
funeral|furniture|IsA|ceremony
bird|outdoors|IsA|1 syllable word
bird|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
sea|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
farm|london|UsedFor|milking cows
school|staircase|HasProperty|a type of building
nature|house|HasProperty|white
food|home|HasProperty|related to eating
jar|action|UsedFor|living
bedroom|building|IsA|place to sleep
restaurant|game|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
paper|briefcase|IsA|school supply
coats|office|IsA|item of clothing
home|hairbrush|IsA|place to sleep
countryside|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
game|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
jail|human|UsedFor|a gathering of people
home|building|IsA|place to sleep
closet|can|UsedFor|storing things in
bubblegum|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
freeway|wall|IsA|public place
books|television|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
hospital|restaurant|CapableOf|treat illness and disease
cellar|store|IsA|room in a home
dust|windowsill|AtLocation|in your home
classroom|office|IsA|place of learning
creek|sky|MadeOf|water
food|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
opera|car|IsA|location
remembering|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
pocket|street|IsA|thing you have on person
newspaper|library|HasProperty|a solid item 
anxiety|headache|IsA|emotion
pocket|nails|UsedFor|carrying things
lamp|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
pantry|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
candle|room|HasProperty|white
store|garden|UsedFor|purchasing edible items
ground|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a home
anxiety|entertaining|IsA|emotion
passageway|store|IsA|public place
salad|market|IsA|sweet or savory
dancing|fulfillment|IsA|activity
coats|building|HasProperty|item of clothing
home|trouble|IsA|part of a house
pocket|wallet|CapableOf|hold objects
basement|inside|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
doorway|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
restaurant|town|HasA|walls
problems|embarrassment|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
plate|backpack|UsedFor|eating
microwave|ceiling|HasA|use electricity
relaxation|discovery|IsA|physical state
table|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
hotel|connection|IsA|public place
doorway|wings|PartOf|house 
closet|outside|AtLocation|indoors
wedding|hotel|IsA|event
basement|sewer|IsA|room in a building
restaurant|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
drawer|car|MadeOf|wood
desert|street|MadeOf|sand
cage|desert|UsedFor|holding animals
mouth|garage|IsA|human or part of human
woods|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
paper|classroom|HasProperty|sold in stores
hotel|city|IsA|something you can own
lamp|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
person|demonstration|AtLocation|at a house
contemplating|discovery|IsA|emotion
microwave|nature|IsA|part of a property
kitchen|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
table|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
freeway|house|IsA|public place
books|meeting|AtLocation|on a shelf
desert|seattle|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
florida|india|AtLocation|within the usa
garden|roof|HasA|green plant
depression|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
classroom|book|HasA|walls
building|park|HasA|walls
garage|fun|UsedFor|storing vehicles
yard|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
disneyland|forest|PartOf|city
store|table|IsA|location
museum|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
coats|hotel|IsA|item of clothing
restaurant|park|HasA|walls
human|university|UsedFor|recreation activity
car|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
enjoyment|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
nature|windowsill|HasProperty|2 syllables
internet|book|MadeOf|technology
regret|satisfaction|IsA|verb
closet|dinner|UsedFor|storage
church|warehouse|IsA|place to pray
canada|egypt|IsA|country
computer|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
kitchens|table|IsA|location or room
hospital|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
subdivision|yard|IsA|place where you can live
church|montana|UsedFor|learning
stadium|school|UsedFor|washing
australia|freeway|IsA|proper noun
garage|container|IsA|room
container|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
apartment|musical|IsA|place or location
house|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
car|pool|CapableOf|be used as transport 
street|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
university|doctor|UsedFor|to get a degree
jail|restaurant|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
bathroom|classroom|UsedFor|urination
encyclopedia|class|UsedFor|studying
refrigerator|cup|CapableOf|store things
book|internet|IsA|thing you can touch
sink|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
sloth|school|IsA|animal or book
pantry|beer|MadeOf|metal
house|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
college|notes|IsA|building
headache|joy|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
hospital|desk|IsA|building
god|auditorium|IsA|religious card
yard|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
house|utensils|UsedFor|to keep items
street|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
bedroom|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
pleasure|heart|IsA|feeling 
music|silence|UsedFor|live performances
wilderness|cage|IsA|place
house|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
toronto|attic|IsA|place
party|air|CapableOf|be entered
harbor|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
dance|confusion|IsA|action
hospital|suburb|IsA|building
fire|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
museum|wall|MadeOf|wood
house|car|HasProperty|associated with drinking
palace|animals|HasA|exterior walls
theater|supermarket|IsA|event
work|love|AtLocation|library
bank|hole|IsA|place to keep money
sailboat|paperwork|AtLocation|with water
encyclopedia|europe|UsedFor|learning
television|computer|UsedFor|storing things inside
books|america|CapableOf|be read
tension|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
sleeping|desires|HasProperty|related to sleep
stable|switzerland|UsedFor| housing animals
bathroom|museum|HasProperty|a room
dance|germany|IsA|action
fear|performing|IsA|negative emotion
argument|stress|HasA|physical element
classroom|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
office|paper|HasA|walls
park|humans|IsA|place you can visit
city|street|IsA|place where you can live
ground|park|HasProperty|found in a home
city|entertainment|IsA|tourist destination
desk|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
museum|workplace|HasProperty|visited by tourists
bowl|wallet|IsA|something you eat off
bedroom|office|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
city|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
plate|microwave|IsA|something you eat off
container|ballpark|HasA|connection to food
garden|lizard|IsA|location
doorway|birds|PartOf|house 
silence|voice|IsA|tv show
chair|people|IsA|n item of furniture
basement|mouse|IsA|room (type)
snow|trees|HasProperty|cold
desert|windowsill|IsA|place
carrots|market|IsA|food
case|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
soup|backpack|CapableOf|be eaten
restaurants|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
refrigerator|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
bedroom|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
couch|wings|PartOf|house 
table|bedroom|HasA|doors
library|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
motel|desk|IsA|building
park|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
apartment|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
mouse|porch|CapableOf|storing food
food|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
papers|meeting|AtLocation|home
house|tile|HasProperty|a type of building
casino|money|IsA|place you can visit
opera|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
house|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
pizza|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
pizza|shelf|HasProperty|edible
nature|sun|HasProperty|white
pizza|table|IsA|type of food
roadway|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
birds|contemplating|CapableOf|fly
trees|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
garden|street|HasA|feet to stand 
cinema|bathroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
mexico|human|IsA|nation symbol
shelf|utensils|UsedFor|storage
utensils|michigan|UsedFor|eating
food|bathroom|HasProperty|related to eating
highway|playground|UsedFor|driving on or over
pantry|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
river|china|IsA|small area
mouse|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
apartment|store|IsA|private space
newspaper|library|IsA|physical item 
auditorium|ocean|IsA|building
carrots|restaurant|IsA|food
airplane|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
battle|aircraft|MadeOf|by man
wedding|town|HasProperty|a gathering place
building|playground|HasA|walls
bar|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
bowl|restaurant|AtLocation|in a house
bedroom|vase|IsA|room
pantry|box|IsA|location
kitchen|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
apartment|ocean|IsA|building
cupboard|books|HasProperty|furniture
pantry|table|UsedFor|storage
shoe|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
pantry|bar|IsA|type of room in houses
ceiling|house|IsA|specific part of a structure
computer|corner|IsA|n electronic device
library|computer|IsA|a place to read books
jellyfish|book|CapableOf|be alive
television|house|UsedFor|storing things inside
disneyland|refrigerators|IsA|  place
kitchen|museum|HasProperty|a room
bottle|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
desktop|party|UsedFor|communication
countryside|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
cabinet|kitchen|IsA|furniture
hallway|chairs|IsA|type of room
concert|university|UsedFor|recreation activity
kitchen|sewer|IsA|room
crying|love|IsA|negative feeling
ground|countryside|IsA|natural or man made
dance|person|CapableOf|be performed
cage|stream|MadeOf|trees
buildings|people|IsA|location
garden|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
bar|apartment|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
cabinet|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
plate|shelf|UsedFor|dinner
town|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
circus|people|HasA|ticket box usually
people|theater|HasProperty|alive
cage|hole|UsedFor|holding animals
desk|coffee|IsA|furniture
clothes|trunk|HasProperty|an object
home|bathroom|HasA|roof
aquarium|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
purse|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
toilet|university|AtLocation|at home
home|wings|PartOf|house 
house|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
desk|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
human|school|UsedFor|recreation activity
restaurants|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
mountains|village|HasProperty|in a cold climate
pantry|corner|UsedFor|storage
conference|garage|CapableOf|be attended
blood|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
drawer|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
happiness|birds|CapableOf|tell stories
pain|embarrassment|IsA|something a baby could have
cooking|backyard|MadeOf|fiber
antarctica|museum|IsA|continent
restaurant|classroom|IsA|type of building
wedding|synagogue|IsA|place or location
stadium|hotel|UsedFor|washing
bar|television|HasA|usually have people inside
freeway|automobile|UsedFor|car travel
roof|building|IsA|specific part of a structure
jar|box|HasA|connection to food
desert|town|MadeOf|sand
kitchen|supermarket|AtLocation|in a home
house|airport|IsA|place to live
restaurant|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
closet|car|AtLocation|inside a house
auditorium|funeral|UsedFor|music
den|cupboard|HasA|ceiling
newspaper|hotel|IsA|object
aggression|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
valley|windowsill|HasProperty|2 syllables
crying|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
concert|barn|IsA|sound
beach|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
light|desk|MadeOf|energy
countryside|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
hotel|library|IsA|place you could sleep in
disneyland|pantry|IsA|  place
greenhouse|kitchen|IsA|building
coffee|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
couch|computer|UsedFor|sleeping on
change|jar|CapableOf|hold objects
bay|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
wings|birds|UsedFor|eating
bathroom|airport|AtLocation|in a house
park|shop|IsA|ground where child play
sun|country|IsA|weather
store|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
concert|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
concert|city|IsA| event
audience|conference|HasProperty|alive
table|bed|CapableOf|be easily carried
kitchen|cabinet|IsA|place to make food
hallway|house|IsA|room in a property
office|table|PartOf|admin role
synagogue|cabinet|IsA|place of learning
russia|bank|IsA|place where money is kept
table|wood|IsA|place or location
kitchen|garage|HasProperty|used for cooking in
television|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
disneyland|street|IsA|popular attraction
depression|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
woods|valley|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
cabinet|apartment|IsA|furniture
newspaper|meeting|MadeOf|paper
park|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
ocean|room|IsA|building
hairbrush|airplane|AtLocation|in your room
information|book|CapableOf|be alive
car|dust|UsedFor|storage
laughter|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
kitchen|bar|AtLocation|in a building
museum|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
park|human|IsA|place
pantry|groceries|MadeOf|metal
colorado|marmoset|IsA|place
couch|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
bathroom|bottle|HasA|door
forest|universe|IsA|place
maze|company|IsA|public place
apartment|university|IsA|building
newspaper|ceiling|MadeOf|paper
dancing|tears|IsA|physical emotion
mouse|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
toronto|drawer|IsA|place
attic|shed|PartOf|house
church|love|HasProperty|child friendly
florida|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
fatigue|learning|IsA|emotion
carpet|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
library|encyclopedia|CapableOf|contain multiple people
france|underground|IsA|place
stomach|pantry|IsA|  place
microwave|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
club|europe|AtLocation|in a building
suit|gentleman|UsedFor|wearing
potatoes|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
wisconsin|bay|HasProperty|human made
airport|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
body|town|HasProperty|part of a human
ceiling|microwave|AtLocation|library
disneyland|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
convention|supermarket|UsedFor|learning
airplane|human|CapableOf|fly
closet|trunk|HasA|doors
closet|box|IsA|structure or building
bedroom|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
car|porch|HasProperty|easily movable
drawer|university|AtLocation|home
car|glass|CapableOf|be used as transport 
cupboard|kitchen|MadeOf|metal
temple|kitchen|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
embarrassment|knowledge|IsA|feeling/emotion
stuff|box|UsedFor|eating
basement|mail|IsA|structure or building
drawer|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
microwave|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
supermarket|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
office|valley|AtLocation|in your company
cupboard|bowl|IsA|furniture
basement|shed|PartOf|house
car|harbor|IsA|physical item 
case|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
door|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
playground|outdoors|CapableOf|be man made
listening|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
moss|bridge|IsA|living/once living
hallway|ocean|AtLocation|in your company
silverware|glass|MadeOf|metal
porch|office|PartOf|house
home|supermarket|HasA|roof
desktop|outside|AtLocation|indoors
cabinet|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
television|clouds|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
cabinet|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
carpet|floor|IsA|place or location
jail|chair|IsA|place where you can visit
shelf|countryside|IsA|something kept at home
school|party|HasProperty|a building structure
manual|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
jail|library|IsA|1 syllable  word
conference|church|HasProperty|an event
apartment|outside|AtLocation|on the map
church|apartment|UsedFor|learning
florida|action|IsA|place to be entertained
cabinet|shelf|MadeOf|wood
newspaper|books|PartOf|publication
freeway|gate|IsA|public place
desk|utensils|IsA|piece of furniture
college|hotel|IsA|place of learning
forest|clock|MadeOf|a natural material
trauma|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
park|sunshine|IsA|place
hairbrush|kitchen|AtLocation|in your room
bed|synagogue|IsA|place or location
shelf|clothes|MadeOf|wood
newspaper|head|IsA|part media
cupboard|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
desktop|picture|CapableOf|show you time
church|attic|IsA|place to pray
louisiana|tennessee|AtLocation|at south united states
garage|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
basement|boxes|IsA|room in a home
nostalgia|crying|IsA|emotion
party|office|UsedFor|fun
town|skin|IsA|place
book|paper|UsedFor|reading
cupboard|clothes|UsedFor|storage
canada|garden|IsA|nation
purse|casino|UsedFor|living
ocean|wisconsin|HasA|water
moon|bridge|PartOf|the galaxy
trees|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
car|medium|CapableOf|be used as transport 
garage|street|IsA|physical item 
stable|tennessee|UsedFor| housing animals
candy|families|UsedFor|eating
stress|satisfaction|IsA|negative feeling or expression
pantry|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
bedroom|television|HasProperty|a room
church|casino|IsA|place of worship
nostalgia|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
building|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
battle|stress|HasA|physical element
library|book|HasA|walls
restaurant|yard|HasA|walls
money|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
automobile|trunk|CapableOf|move people
supermarket|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
country|friend|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
switzerland|park|HasA|city inside
toilet|school|UsedFor|pooping
ceiling|temple|IsA|specific part of a structure
backpack|office|IsA|school supply
closet|dirt|HasA|first letter c
sweat|fight|IsA|physical outcome
conference|people|HasProperty|an event
museum|pocket|IsA|place of learning
temple|classroom|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
television|manual|HasA|letter e in it
factory|attic|CapableOf|be made with bricks
montana|house|IsA|state
bowl|home|HasProperty|related to eating
smiles|excitement|UsedFor|hobbies
restaurant|can|IsA|type of business
happiness|performing|CapableOf|tell stories
city|river|CapableOf|be walked on
maine|wine|IsA|us state
shelf|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
drawer|case|IsA|furniture
home|bed|IsA|room or building
information|class|PartOf|human mind
house|building|IsA|place to live
plate|stamps|IsA|dish
cellar|bag|IsA|structure or building
church|car|IsA|place to pray
office|rug|IsA|type /part of building
woods|desert|IsA|1 syllable word
sorrow|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
television|landfill|AtLocation|inside
river|country|HasA|water
valley|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
roadway|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
garden|office|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
people|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
body|church|HasProperty|part of a human
india|lemur|IsA|country
movie|clothing|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
suburbs|desert|IsA|residential area
bar|woods|IsA|type of building
pocket|paper|CapableOf|be worn
forest|store|PartOf|natural landscape
bedroom|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
control|trouble|HasProperty|powerful
california|books|IsA|place
radio|television|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
synagogue|chair|IsA|place or location
inspiration|shock|HasProperty|typically positive
beach|glass|IsA|vacation destination
purse|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
homes|airport|PartOf|house 
desk|conference|MadeOf|a natural material
car|discomfort|HasA|positive connotation
cupboard|floor|IsA|furniture
computer|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
store|funeral|IsA|structure or building
river|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
radio|ground|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
restaurants|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
stuff|trash|UsedFor|eating
freeway|house|UsedFor|car travel
bottle|groceries|MadeOf|glass or metal
airport|bedroom|HasProperty|a public place
hallway|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
countryside|neighborhood|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
trees|rock|MadeOf|wood
books|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
class|europe|UsedFor|learning
like|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
arizona|america|IsA|state
utah|arizona|HasProperty|bordering idaho
sink|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
airport|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
trees|mountains|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
house|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
books|australia|CapableOf|be read
sorrow|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
government|trouble|IsA|organization 
pizza|silverware|HasProperty|edible
school|party|AtLocation|on the map
mexico|park|IsA|country
love|agreement|IsA|emotion
outside|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
school|desktop|IsA|place
apartment|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
cabinet|house|AtLocation|in a building
wedding|bathroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
synagogue|blood|HasA|exterior walls
boat|glass|UsedFor|transportation
restaurants|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
forest|sahara|HasProperty|associated with the environment
hallway|bar|AtLocation|in a building
hotel|cave|IsA|business
garage|wall|UsedFor|storage
garage|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
street|city|CapableOf|be parked on
garden|soup|IsA|location
movement|exercising|HasA|m at the beginning
lightning|cut|HasA|physical appearance
bee|forest|CapableOf|fly
basement|chairs|IsA|type of room
movie|stamps|IsA|form of entertainment
store|furniture|IsA|type of building
bedroom|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
books|cabinet|UsedFor|viewing/reading
desktop|park|IsA|n electronic device
potatoes|bowl|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
city|beaver|IsA|place
windowsill|park|HasProperty|found in a home
table|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
pride|happiness|IsA|colorful
apartment|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
carrots|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
harbor|fly|UsedFor|transportation
lemur|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
defeat|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
stadium|apartment|UsedFor|sporting events
bathroom|birds|PartOf|house 
attic|container|IsA|room in a home
stream|cage|IsA|natural thing
library|pocket|UsedFor|reading
bed|doctor|IsA|physical item 
stress|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
mexico|trees|IsA|nation
concert|demonstration|IsA|sound
store|cave|IsA|business
desert|disneyland|HasProperty|associated with the environment
table|university|IsA|furniture
pond|valley|IsA|man made
warehouse|attic|CapableOf|be made with bricks
hotel|church|HasA|fee to visit
movie|wallet|IsA|form of entertainment
newspaper|meeting|IsA|something kept a home
coats|airport|HasProperty|item of clothing
fulfillment|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
shelf|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
bed|wings|PartOf|house 
television|voice|IsA|electronic device
refrigerators|stove|CapableOf|store things
demonstration|hallway|HasProperty|a public place
pond|building|UsedFor|swimming
demonstration|building|UsedFor|teaching
fulfillment|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
classroom|nails|IsA|place people can visit
supermarket|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
table|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
classroom|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
room|floor|CapableOf|sleeping
desk|bedroom|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
outside|ocean|IsA|location
pantry|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
woods|museum|UsedFor|storing things inside
container|bowl|UsedFor|storage
refrigerators|cup|CapableOf|store things
pizza|plate|IsA|type of food
house|bed|IsA|building
bed|library|IsA|physical item 
restaurant|forest|HasA|walls
demonstration|building|CapableOf|be attended
blood|hospital|PartOf|the human body
america|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
kitchen|supermarket|HasProperty|a room in a residence
park|computer|IsA|ground where child play
couch|detroit|PartOf|house 
hotel|desktop|IsA|building
lamp|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
backyard|building|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
internet|meeting|PartOf|publication
smiles|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
airplane|loft|CapableOf|move location
hotel|wall|IsA|public place
skin|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
palace|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
india|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
car|drawer|CapableOf|be worn
person|garage|UsedFor|announcing something
outdoors|pond|IsA|nature-related
salad|refrigerator|IsA|sweet or savory
house|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
sink|bridge|PartOf|kitchen
fear|lightning|IsA|emotion
church|conference|IsA|place
anxiety|performing|IsA|emotion
kitchen|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
hotel|entertainment|UsedFor|over night stays 
army|control|IsA|organization 
hotel|ocean|IsA|building
beach|summer|IsA|place
park|house|IsA|place children play
roof|air|PartOf|house
cupboard|nails|UsedFor|storage
floor|inside|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
happiness|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
disneyland|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
learning|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
speaker|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
water|street|IsA|physical item 
ocean|bridge|HasA|water
bee|countryside|CapableOf|fly
hairbrush|temple|AtLocation|in your room
basement|cabinet|IsA|room
synagogue|park|HasA|ticket box usually
elevator|electricity|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
school|jail|UsedFor|studying in
beach|trash|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
airplane|temple|CapableOf|move location
mexico|battle|IsA|nation symbol
table|food|UsedFor|serving dinner
kitchen|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
store|dust|UsedFor|to keep items
room|rug|IsA|private space
china|street|HasProperty|a country
outdoors|mexico|IsA|nature-related
airport|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
hospital|love|IsA|public place
maine|bus|IsA|country or state
bedroom|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
drawer|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
internet|information|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
room|bread|CapableOf|be entered
band|battle|IsA|job
stick|park|IsA|living/once living
tent|earth|UsedFor|camping
cabinet|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
sugar|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
dinner|backpack|UsedFor|to keep items
england|village|IsA|country or state
notebook|map|UsedFor|reading
house|sunshine|CapableOf|be currently visited
demonstration|person|CapableOf|make a sound
church|jar|IsA|place to be entertained
valley|michigan|IsA|part of a municipality
library|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
hospital|party|IsA|building
bar|party|PartOf|food and drink
home|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
cupboard|bottle|HasA|door
toilet|desktop|CapableOf|opened or closed
hallway|office|IsA|room in a house
car|connection|HasA|use electricity
paper|classroom|UsedFor|reading
crying|depression|IsA|something a baby could have
paper|container|IsA|school supply
action|thinking|IsA|colorful
shelf|sink|HasProperty|made of wood
shelf|house|AtLocation|in the home or  office
table|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
river|sea|AtLocation|inland
library|bed|IsA|room or building
birds|desert|IsA|animal
container|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
shelf|vase|IsA|necessity for education
garage|fun|IsA|place
kitchen|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
bedroom|library|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
hospital|person|HasA|exterior walls
notebook|meeting|IsA|object
bedroom|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
woods|stream|IsA|place
bee|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
university|movie|HasA|person stood at the front
earth|conference|IsA|planet
shoes|town|IsA|something you can own
countryside|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
grape|cellar|CapableOf|be sweet
laughter|happiness|UsedFor|hobbies
drawer|trunk|HasProperty|an object
sorrow|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
bedroom|cave|IsA|place to live
warehouse|box|PartOf|house
disneyland|weather|IsA|geographic location
pen|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
morgue|war|PartOf|the human body
forest|weather|IsA|geographic location
wings|homes|CapableOf|move freely
frustration|park|IsA|feeling
pennsylvania|playground|HasA|city inside
cupboard|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
church|doctor|IsA|place
dishwasher|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
playground|pond|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
food|store|AtLocation|in a home
carrots|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
notebook|backpack|UsedFor|writing
university|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
bed|dentist|IsA|physical item 
bedroom|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
carpet|office|UsedFor|sitting on
park|jail|HasProperty|outdoors
synagogue|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
shop|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
desk|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
excitement|entertaining|IsA|emotion
classroom|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
bar|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
antarctica|corner|IsA|continent
mess|floor|HasProperty|a type of building
bathroom|apartment|HasProperty|a room
garden|dirt|HasA|feet to stand 
paper|cabinet|IsA|school supply
michigan|love|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
desktop|television|HasProperty|used for learning
dictionary|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
wisconsin|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
army|trouble|IsA|organization 
australia|cage|IsA|place
books|dust|IsA|necessity for education
college|library|IsA|place of formal education
forest|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
closet|television|HasProperty|used for storage
demonstration|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
montana|apartment|IsA|planet
cabinet|computer|AtLocation|in a building
desktop|moon|HasProperty|hot
agreement|love|IsA|activity
forest|cage|IsA|place
michigan|restaurant|IsA|state in usa
skin|church|UsedFor|buying food
church|skin|IsA|place
store|freeway|IsA|business
television|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
university|fun|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
backyard|rosebush|PartOf|house
loft|floor|IsA|building
highway|automobile|UsedFor|car travel
school|porch|UsedFor|studying in
window|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
bay|pond|HasA|3 letters
trauma|money|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
happiness|lightning|CapableOf|tell stories
classroom|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
room|school|UsedFor|sleeping
car|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
apartment|woods|IsA|room
jail|homes|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
radio|information|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
hallway|theater|IsA|room in a house
loft|house|IsA|specific part of a structure
internet|information|PartOf|publication
understanding|action|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
magazine|floor|UsedFor|reading
bathroom|heaven|PartOf|house 
jar|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bottle|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
restaurants|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
blood|house|PartOf|the human body
happiness|injury|CapableOf|tell stories
countryside|stream|MadeOf|trees
pocket|locker|CapableOf|be worn
countryside|shelf|IsA|place or location
trees|playground|IsA|nature-related
sink|glass|MadeOf|metal
yard|town|CapableOf|be parked on
dishwasher|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
cat|attic|IsA|animal
wedding|town|IsA|social event
university|field|IsA|place to study
convention|earth|UsedFor|learning
cellar|attic|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
roof|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
australia|countryside|IsA|proper noun
dinner|dust|UsedFor|to keep items
alabama|fox|IsA|country
pantry|outside|UsedFor|storage
library|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
birds|performing|CapableOf|fly
purse|jar|HasProperty|to do with currency
birds|detroit|CapableOf|move freely
funeral|candy|IsA|event
sink|table|MadeOf|metal
washington|ontario|IsA|american state
house|toilet|HasProperty|a building
bridge|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
college|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
chair|ocean|IsA|n item of furniture
happiness|fear|CapableOf|tell stories
dust|landfill|AtLocation|indoors
carnival|person|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
office|barn|UsedFor|communication
chairs|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
desert|suburb|MadeOf|sand
conference|concert|IsA|place or location
attic|box|IsA|room in a home
box|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
sorrow|controversy|IsA|emotion
elevator|program|IsA|physical and movable item
wisconsin|ocean|HasProperty|human made
roof|outside|MadeOf|wood
school|bathroom|IsA|type of building
shelf|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
seattle|sahara|HasProperty|associated with the environment
action|food|IsA|colorful
university|box|IsA|place
supermarket|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
creek|forest|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
store|house|IsA|business
boxes|funeral|UsedFor|storing physical things
car|shelf|CapableOf|be worn
clothing|airport|IsA|physical item 
grass|mountains|IsA|living/once living
blanket|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
school|drugs|UsedFor|to get a degree
map|briefcase|CapableOf|be used for travel
hospital|state|IsA|business that serves food
soup|store|IsA|food
happiness|reflection|IsA|emotion
bed|car|AtLocation|inside a house
butterflies|cut|IsA|colorful
happiness|stupid|IsA|n emotion
peanuts|answer|HasProperty|related to children
home|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
stuff|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bedroom|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
warehouse|fun|IsA|place
bedroom|chair|UsedFor|cooking
bank|cage|IsA|place
nest|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
grape|supermarket|IsA|food
apartment|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
michigan|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
trash|cupboard|CapableOf|cooking
theater|silence|UsedFor|live performances
microwave|backyard|UsedFor|cooking food
bed|detroit|PartOf|house 
table|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
bathroom|minnesota|PartOf|a house/home
excitement|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
coats|closet|IsA|item of clothing
house|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
concert|couch|MadeOf|wood
ceiling|love|AtLocation|library
crying|agreement|IsA|reaction
furniture|library|HasProperty|found in a house
sadness|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
closet|fun|UsedFor|storage
garage|trunk|CapableOf|be lived in
ground|apartment|HasProperty|a state in the usa
party|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
garage|house|IsA|room in a building
cupboard|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
headache|revelations|IsA|physical state
church|office|IsA|type of room
valley|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
funeral|school|IsA|event
cupboard|glass|HasProperty|made of wood
television|color|IsA|part media
airport|human|CapableOf|fly
bedroom|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
mansion|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
oven|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
canada|park|HasProperty|a country
cellar|university|PartOf|house
people|town|UsedFor|buying food
candle|ground|HasProperty|white
wallet|key|HasProperty|to do with currency
trauma|shock|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
garage|river|IsA|physical item 
australia|wilderness|IsA|proper noun
radio|clouds|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
cup|condiments|UsedFor|serving dinner
supermarket|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
aquarium|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
oven|shop|CapableOf|cook
communication|fun|IsA|activity
lamp|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
clothing|home|IsA|physical item 
supermarket|bottle|IsA|type of business
opera|good|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
carpet|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
microwave|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
aquarium|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
drawer|shop|IsA|physical item 
money|crying|HasProperty|typically positive
coats|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
manual|desk|CapableOf|be used virtually 
alcohol|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
building|bedroom|HasA|front desk
laughter|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
aquarium|bay|IsA|small body of water
roof|floor|PartOf|building a house
cellar|room|UsedFor|storage
garage|bedroom|HasA|doors
entertaining|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
funeral|apartment|IsA|ceremony
birds|fear|CapableOf|fly
coffee|desk|UsedFor|eating
backpack|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
maze|love|IsA|public place
squirrel|swimming|IsA|animal
closet|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
garage|museum|UsedFor|car repair
love|favors|IsA|emotion
porch|library|IsA|1 syllable  word
peanuts|box|HasA|connection to food
bedroom|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
apartment|school|IsA|building
anger|teaching|IsA|negative feeling or expression
car|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
dancing|entertaining|IsA|physical emotion
grape|refrigerator|CapableOf|be sweet
bay|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
casino|can|IsA|type of business
cupboard|toilet|IsA|furniture
toilet|woods|AtLocation|in a building
bed|heaven|PartOf|house 
pride|cut|IsA|colorful
furniture|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
embarrassment|listening|IsA|emotion
town|building|IsA|place you visit often
cabinet|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
picture|love|AtLocation|library
canada|store|IsA|country
car|trunk|CapableOf|move people
table|microwave|IsA|something you eat off
attic|closet|IsA|place
supermarket|families|IsA|place
closet|floor|UsedFor|storage
woods|encyclopedia|IsA|place
refrigerator|restaurant|CapableOf| be moved
dishes|shelf|IsA|object
room|rain|AtLocation|at a home
suburbs|yard|IsA|place where you can live
hospital|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
roof|plants|PartOf|house
boredom|joy|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
shed|funeral|UsedFor|storing physical things
disneyland|sun|IsA|vacation destination
wedding|floor|IsA|place or location
chair|basement|IsA|place or location
computer|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
purse|street|UsedFor|living
road|mexico|HasProperty|made by humans
bedroom|nature|IsA|part of a property
bedroom|glass|HasProperty|a room in a residence
cabinet|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
cupboard|garden|UsedFor|storage
jail|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
heaven|lemur|IsA|animal
forest|bird|MadeOf|trees
class|garden|UsedFor|learning
cupboard|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
england|burrow|IsA|country or state name
highway|safe|UsedFor|car travel
park|garden|UsedFor|children to play
pencils|conference|IsA|school supply
plate|cabinet|IsA|something you eat off
house|newspaper|IsA|residential area
garden|countryside|IsA|nature-related
ontario|desert|PartOf|political geographical area
supermarket|jar|IsA|place
telephone|silence|IsA|electronic device
carnival|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
nursery|shelf|IsA|place or location
empathy|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
apartment|wedding|IsA|house where man live
loft|container|IsA|room in a home
backpack|table|CapableOf|be worn
chairs|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
kitchen|bowl|IsA|location
backyard|home|IsA|garden
corporation|sun|HasProperty|powerful
playground|landfill|UsedFor|playing
refrigerators|table|CapableOf|store things
lemur|bank|IsA|animal
skin|montana|UsedFor|buying food
plate|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
cafe|park|IsA|drink
bar|human|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
room|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
office|bedroom|UsedFor|work
atlas|locker|UsedFor|reading
yard|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
refrigerator|dust|UsedFor|storage of physical items
water|garage|UsedFor|eating or drinking
mountain|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
plate|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
chair|garbage|PartOf|house
inside|refrigerator|IsA|  place
internet|book|UsedFor|news
disneyland|curtain|HasProperty|hot
cupboard|outside|MadeOf|wood
speaker|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
casino|trunk|IsA|type of business
country|world|HasProperty|ruled by one government
cut|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
enjoyment|favors|IsA|emotion
opera|supermarket|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
school|music|PartOf|building
australia|wilderness|IsA|country
sky|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
airport|company|IsA|public place
pen|teacher|IsA|school supply
government|control|IsA|organization 
trash|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
office|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
museum|classroom|IsA|building
library|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
key|change|IsA|thing you have on person
auditorium|bathroom|IsA|building
blood|death|IsA|type of fluid
wallet|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
anxiety|discovery|IsA|colorful
manual|information|HasProperty|a publication
windowsill|frogs|AtLocation|at a famous university
body|town|UsedFor|buying food
france|america|IsA|state
squirrel|street|IsA|animal
roof|air|HasProperty|man made
river|floor|IsA|place or location
california|arkansas|HasA|even number of letter
food|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
crying|agreement|IsA|negative feeling
toronto|junk|IsA|place
chair|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
desk|chair|IsA|large item of furniture
concert|park|IsA| event
freeway|store|IsA|public place
home|kitchen|IsA|place to sleep
bedroom|boxes|IsA|room in a building
garage|human|IsA|building
dreams|death|HasProperty|related to sleep
house|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
bedroom|opera|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
classroom|cabinet|IsA|place where students learn
trash|information|IsA|something kept a home
car|street|IsA|physical item 
container|garden|UsedFor|storage
closet|car|UsedFor|to keep items
computer|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
alcohol|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
table|wedding|HasProperty|furniture in a house
yard|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
box|nails|UsedFor|storage
street|ground|HasProperty|man made
church|human|IsA|place you visit
demonstration|office|HasProperty|a public place
car|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
classroom|vase|IsA|necessity for education
india|freeway|IsA|proper noun
blood|funeral|PartOf|the human body
pocket|book|CapableOf|be worn
toilet|school|UsedFor|washing
jar|classroom|UsedFor|carrying things
ball|street|HasA|first letter b
paper|store|UsedFor|carrying things
garage|container|IsA|room (type)
notebook|container|IsA|school supply
airplane|loft|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
bar|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
building|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
garden|park|HasProperty|found in a home
yard|air|HasProperty|man made
enjoyment|learning|IsA|emotion
car|chair|CapableOf|move people
desk|speaker|MadeOf|a natural material
cupboard|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
laughter|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
television|books|MadeOf|technology
summer|glass|HasProperty|hot
dust|closet|AtLocation|on the floor
embarrassment|learning|IsA|emotion
cheese|plate|IsA|type of food
maine|yard|IsA|country or state
market|table|IsA|type /part of building
stress|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
mouth|hotel|IsA|part of the body
backpack|store|UsedFor|storage
garage|church|PartOf|house
house|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
happiness|butterflies|IsA|emotion
shop|magazines|IsA|room or building
street|weather|IsA|type of land
office|montana|IsA|place of religion
museum|locker|IsA|building
toronto|television|IsA|place
floor|bed|IsA|store items
hallway|computer|HasProperty|a room
bank|windowsill|IsA|room
valley|state|IsA|part of a municipality
restaurant|oven|HasA|edible items for sale
case|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
table|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
carnival|barn|UsedFor|travel
park|curtain|HasProperty|hot
manual|library|MadeOf|paper
spoon|home|HasProperty|related to eating
grape|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
effort|discipline|HasProperty|a physical activity
dancing|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
school|commercial|IsA|place
food|bowl|CapableOf|be eaten
nest|sky|HasProperty|man-made
office|work|AtLocation|in your company
trees|yard|IsA|nature-related
panic|excitement|IsA|negative feeling or expression
bedroom|desktop|IsA|place
motel|auditorium|IsA|building
sun|control|IsA|object/thing
driveway|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
underground|swamp|AtLocation|below
forest|seattle|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
pennsylvania|park|HasProperty|a country
cage|stream|AtLocation|at a zoo
desk|stuff|IsA|piece of furniture
washington|beaver|IsA|american state
refrigerator|stove|HasA|store edible items
cut|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
room|air|CapableOf|be entered
universe|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
city|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
street|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
river|lizard|IsA|location
supermarket|body|IsA|place
sink|moon|IsA|man made
oven|table|CapableOf|cook things
playground|valley|HasProperty|made by humans
backpack|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
house|cabinet|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
road|lights|UsedFor|travel
garden|forest|CapableOf|be man made
cabinet|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
kitchen|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
circus|town|HasA|ticket box usually
clock|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
warehouse|funeral|UsedFor|storing physical things
street|bed|IsA|place or location
wedding|town|IsA|event
desert|rain|IsA|geographic location
garage|hallway|UsedFor|car repair
newspaper|microwave|AtLocation|library
laughter|love|UsedFor|hobbies
magazines|bed|UsedFor|reading
jail|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
outdoors|kennel|IsA|outdoor area
beach|snow|IsA|vacation destination
confession|monastery|IsA|place of religion
garage|demonstration|HasProperty|a type of property
park|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
notebook|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
dust|landfill|AtLocation|inside
refrigerators|condiments|CapableOf|store things
chair|kitchen|HasProperty|easily movable
soup|apartment|IsA|food
desktop|antarctica|IsA|room
birds|heaven|CapableOf|move freely
market|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
pantry|cabinet|IsA|location
road|mexico|UsedFor|driving on or over
sloth|commercial|AtLocation|at a zoo
toilet|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
toilet|woods|IsA|room in a property
car|balloon|UsedFor|driving
boat|library|CapableOf|float
box|front|UsedFor|containing objects
woods|sloth|IsA|place
den|shower|HasA|door
pain|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
apartment|people|IsA|place
casino|key|IsA|place you can visit
cupboard|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
wedding|body|HasProperty|an event
desktop|love|HasA|use electricity
cupboard|oven|HasProperty|made of wood
dictionary|seaside|CapableOf|be read
garage|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
sadness|knowledge|IsA|emotion
toilet|desktop|AtLocation|in bathroom
bedroom|church|IsA|room in a house
car|puddle|UsedFor|transportation
key|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
butterflies|discovery|IsA|colorful
village|ground|HasA|outdoor scenery
office|table|IsA|type /part of building
bridge|playground|UsedFor|driving on or over
television|manual|MadeOf|technology
skate|music|IsA|action
office|heaven|IsA|place of religion
chocolate|park|UsedFor|eating
house|building|IsA|place to sleep
bird|ocean|IsA|living thing
depression|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
conference|assessment|CapableOf|be attended
countryside|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
bedroom|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
pride|performing|IsA|colorful
pen|nails|IsA|school supply
painting|minnesota|IsA|object
laughter|headache|IsA|emotion
market|lasagna|IsA|place
museum|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
opera|confusion|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
outdoors|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
refrigerators|table|HasA|store edible items
hallway|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
toilet|computer|IsA|room in a property
library|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
building|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
television|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
idaho|humans|IsA|place you can visit
bread|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
stove|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
forest|town|IsA|nature-related
ocean|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
backpack|drawer|CapableOf|be worn
anxiety|lightning|IsA|emotion
kitchen|pantry|IsA|place to store items
bowl|case|IsA|dish
hospital|blood|HasA|exterior walls
funeral|library|IsA|ceremony
museum|human|AtLocation|indoors
grape|apartment|IsA|food
house|store|IsA|place to live
door|office|MadeOf|wood
roof|museum|MadeOf|wood
hotel|telephone|IsA|building 
oklahoma|mountains|IsA|state in uk
basement|bicycle|PartOf|house
indiana|picture|IsA|country or state name
fleas|house|IsA|a animal
garden|attic|UsedFor|generating products or plants
park|communication|IsA|happy card
backpack|office|CapableOf|be used for travel
cupboard|trunk|HasProperty|an object
trauma|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
door|theater|MadeOf|wood
library|party|HasProperty|used for learning
burrow|france|IsA|activity 
car|backpack|CapableOf|allow you to travel
agreement|entertaining|IsA|activity
chocolate|jar|UsedFor|eating
encyclopedia|universe|CapableOf|be read
chair|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
trash|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
roof|ocean|PartOf|house
airport|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
bay|aquarium|HasA|3 letters
garage|ocean|IsA|building
jar|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
library|homes|UsedFor|education
field|anger|UsedFor|punish
sahara|disneyland|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
cheese|bar|IsA|type of food
knowledge|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
desktop|vase|IsA|necessity for education
workplace|human|IsA|place
ocean|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
hallway|skyscraper|AtLocation|in your company
bee|mountain|CapableOf|fly
forest|canada|IsA|nature-related
magazine|bed|UsedFor|reading 
table|trash|IsA|furniture
house|person|HasA|roof
continent|river|HasA|earth
blanket|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
bathroom|theater|IsA|type of room
backpack|town|AtLocation|inside a house
garage|closet|IsA|building
embarrassment|problems|IsA|feeling/emotion
california|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
drawer|desktop|IsA|furniture
church|change|IsA|place to be entertained
clothing|jail|IsA|physical item 
sugar|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
building|program|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
carnival|elevator|CapableOf|be performed
desk|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
conference|person|CapableOf|be attended
cupboard|bedroom|MadeOf|metal
kitchens|closet|IsA|type of business
desires|death|IsA|feeling
house|desktop|IsA|building
table|house|MadeOf|wood
love|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
heaven|imagination|IsA|religious card
yard|forest|HasProperty|part of your  house
bearing|field|HasA|first letter b
france|mountains|IsA|state
butterflies|injury|IsA|colorful
army|canada|CapableOf|make you do something
inside|food|IsA|  place
basement|tree|IsA|place or location
apartment|cupboard|IsA|building
home|school|CapableOf|be lived in
backpack|store|HasProperty|an object
car|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
museum|cabinet|HasA|walls
bar|refrigerator|HasProperty|associated with drinking
university|office|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
conference|ocean|UsedFor|praying
yard|outside|HasProperty|part of your  house
office|city|AtLocation|in your company
wall|love|AtLocation|library
church|exchange|IsA|type of room
cupboard|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
seattle|street|IsA|type of place
container|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
kitchen|container|IsA|location
ceiling|temple|AtLocation|in your room
theater|skin|IsA|place
supermarket|candy|IsA|public building
house|cabinet|HasA|roof
television|newspaper|HasA|screen
bathroom|chairs|IsA|type of room
bowl|drawer|IsA|dish
countryside|commercial|IsA|place
bathroom|spoon|IsA|type of room
sadness|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
building|mouth|CapableOf|make a sound
house|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
basement|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
town|entertainment|IsA|tourist destination
forest|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
band|aircraft|IsA|job
countryside|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
mouth|television|IsA|part of the body
town|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
television|ground|CapableOf|show films
france|mountains|IsA|place
sky|valley|IsA|1 syllable word
restaurants|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
restaurant|box|HasProperty|a building structure
mansion|car|IsA|location
picture|car|AtLocation|library
theater|classroom|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
garage|basement|IsA|building
burger|kitchen|IsA|type of food
roadway|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
knowledge|trauma|HasProperty|typically positive
pantry|kitchen|CapableOf|store things
library|cabinet|CapableOf|contain multiple people
newspaper|shelf|MadeOf|paper
motion|exercise|HasA|m at the beginning
dinner|backpack|UsedFor|eating
car|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
lumberyard|wood|IsA|place or location
table|basement|IsA|place or location
people|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
laughter|suffering|UsedFor|manifesting joy
toilet|apartment|UsedFor|pooping
colorado|wilderness|MadeOf|metal
mess|ocean|HasProperty|a type of building
opera|program|UsedFor|live performances
wisconsin|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
marmoset|moon|IsA|animal or book
fight|defeat|HasA|physical element
boxes|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
street|money|IsA|place you can visit
condiments|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
discovery|food|IsA|emotion
house|drink|CapableOf|be currently visited
dentist|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
park|canada|IsA|outdoor location
cave|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
park|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
restaurant|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
opera|person|CapableOf|be performed
television|attic|CapableOf|show films
encyclopedia|information|UsedFor|studying
creek|cage|IsA|natural thing
dust|clouds|HasProperty|found inside a house
mountains|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
body|opera|UsedFor|buying food
encyclopedia|throne|UsedFor|learning
pencils|container|IsA|school supply
car|sun|CapableOf|move location
school|television|IsA|place
car|party|UsedFor|driving
clock|airport|AtLocation|library
casino|supermarket|IsA|place to be entertained
shelf|floor|UsedFor|storage
cupboard|desktop|MadeOf|wood
ocean|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
town|train|IsA|tourist destination
homes|jail|HasProperty|child friendly
microwave|trouble|IsA|part of a property
school|love|UsedFor|a gathering of people
hallway|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
library|meeting|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
bowl|apartment|IsA|dish
university|safe|IsA|place to study
convention|body|IsA|place
kitchen|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
garage|ocean|UsedFor|storing things
newspaper|information|HasA|letter e in it
roof|sky|HasProperty|man-made
stove|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
pain|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
ceiling|building|IsA|specific part of a structure
cinema|buildings|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
basement|synagogue|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
table|books|IsA|furniture
kitchen|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
suffering|punishment|IsA|emotion
church|cellar|IsA|place to pray
ground|windowsill|AtLocation|on the floor
school|band|IsA|type of building
injury|pride|IsA|physical damage to the body
refrigerator|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
backyard|rosebush|IsA|place or location
ground|windowsill|AtLocation|inside a home
school|demonstration|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
wallet|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
loft|store|IsA|room in a home
carpet|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
enjoyment|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
door|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
airport|building|UsedFor|a holiday
newspaper|clothing|UsedFor|reading
forest|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
room|fun|IsA|place
toilet|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
boat|garage|UsedFor|transportation
room|apartment|AtLocation|inside a person's home
church|store|IsA|place to be entertained
bowl|store|AtLocation|in a house
backpack|paper|CapableOf|be used for travel
government|city|HasProperty|powerful
homes|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
pencils|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
library|store|UsedFor|education
desert|ontario|MadeOf|sand mostly
corner|library|AtLocation|in your home
ground|windowsill|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
couch|school|PartOf|house 
oven|condiments|CapableOf|cook things
home|ficus|HasProperty|where someone can live
kitchen|container|IsA|location or room
ball|trash|UsedFor|playing
pain|embarrassment|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
moss|park|IsA|living/once living
school|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
garage|closet|UsedFor|storing vehicles
boredom|joy|CapableOf|happiness
desert|roadway|MadeOf|sand
desk|universe|MadeOf|wood
happiness|lightning|IsA|emotion
alcohol|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
door|boat|MadeOf|wood
wall|building|HasProperty|found in a house
cellar|fun|IsA|place
dinner|manual|PartOf|food and drink
couch|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
happiness|injuries|IsA|positive card
government|canada|CapableOf|make you do something
defeat|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
mess|tile|HasProperty|a type of building
buildings|wedding|UsedFor|living inside of
restaurant|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
conference|mouth|CapableOf|be attended
california|louisiana|HasA|even number of letter
refrigerator|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
california|cooking|IsA|us state
cabinet|groceries|MadeOf|wood
ceiling|airplane|AtLocation|in your room
theater|people|IsA|place
carrots|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
coats|hotel|HasProperty|item of clothing
jar|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
woods|computer|UsedFor|storing things inside
chair|office|HasProperty|easily movable
clothing|throne|UsedFor|wearing
furniture|office|HasProperty|found in a house
wilderness|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
sweat|battle|IsA|physical outcome
magazine|airport|IsA|physical item 
pond|river|IsA|small body of water
fox|oklahoma|HasA|start with a
jail|magazines|IsA|room or building
knowledge|head|HasProperty|related to studying
boat|pool|CapableOf|be used as transport 
wedding|body|IsA|place
chairs|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
office|friends|IsA|type /part of building
wilderness|stream|MadeOf|trees
table|cabinet|IsA|something you eat off
bedroom|computer|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
bathroom|refrigerator|UsedFor|cleaning your body
dictionary|commercial|IsA|animal or book
magazines|floor|UsedFor|reading
tennessee|stable|IsA|animal
laughter|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
inside|condiments|IsA|  place
pen|conference|IsA|school supply
bedroom|telephone|IsA|place
conference|opera|HasProperty|an event
outdoors|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
river|wood|IsA|place or location
weather|sahara|AtLocation|at america
carnival|building|HasA|ticket box usually
chair|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
map|cabinet|CapableOf|be used for travel
bottle|container|MadeOf|metal
basement|container|IsA|room (type)
magazine|sloth|CapableOf|be read
university|drugs|UsedFor|to get a degree
reflection|food|IsA|emotion
work|churchyard|AtLocation|indoors
toilet|house|UsedFor|storing things inside
house|ocean|HasProperty|a building
house|stadium|IsA|place you could sleep in
band|factory|IsA|job
kitchen|wilderness|HasProperty|in or is a building
bread|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
house|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
pizza|bedroom|HasProperty|edible
oven|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
knowledge|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
refrigerator|restaurant|HasProperty|found in the garden
library|museum|UsedFor|reading
pencils|jar|UsedFor|writing
refrigerator|cupboard|CapableOf|keep things cool
pond|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
palace|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
sadness|controversy|IsA|feeling
sky|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
woods|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
trouble|bed|IsA|store items
garage|water|UsedFor|storing vehicles
roof|forest|HasProperty|man made
airport|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
classroom|bathroom|UsedFor| gathering together
space|jar|HasA|to do with planets
park|mexico|IsA|nature-related
motel|apartment|HasA|fee to visit
clock|picture|CapableOf|show you time
sloth|house|IsA|animal or book
pocket|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
sloth|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
concert|program|UsedFor|live performances
mexico|restaurant|IsA|nation
wilderness|desert|MadeOf|trees
hotel|bathroom|IsA|building
neighborhood|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
bar|clouds|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
toilet|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
enjoyment|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
cupboard|food|UsedFor|storage
country|sun|AtLocation|on map
oklahoma|california|AtLocation|at south united states
office|windowsill|AtLocation|inside a home
television|field|PartOf|the human body
concert|lights|CapableOf|have people physically in it
flowers|market|IsA|something kept at home
michigan|bus|IsA|country or state
drawer|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
carnival|concert|IsA|place or location
bridge|mexico|UsedFor|driving on or over
valley|pond|HasA|earth
table|case|IsA|furniture
desk|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
dog|roof|IsA|a animal
money|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
mountains|tennessee|HasA|start with a
market|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
backpack|street|AtLocation|inside a house
woods|desert|MadeOf|trees
television|information|HasProperty|a solid item 
dinner|room|PartOf|food and drink
house|shelf|HasA|door
bread|house|PartOf|food and drink
alcohol|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
reflection|action|HasA|physical appearance
boxes|closet|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
barn|demonstration|HasProperty|a type of property
pen|backpack|UsedFor|writing
television|box|CapableOf|be watched
woods|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
shelf|demonstration|CapableOf|be purchased
portfolio|cabinet|UsedFor|writing in
trash|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
office|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
table|airport|AtLocation|library
toilet|bridge|UsedFor|in a bathroom
soup|river|UsedFor|eating or drinking
europe|suit|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
corner|dust|MadeOf|wood
museum|paper|IsA|place of learning
bathroom|hallway|HasA|a bath
montana|town|IsA|planet
museum|briefcase|HasA|walls
cow|city|IsA|animal
computer|desk|IsA|n electronic device
woods|lake|IsA|place
street|town|UsedFor|transportation
church|action|IsA|place you can visit
burrow|swamp|AtLocation|below
workplace|human|UsedFor|a gathering of people
jungle|rosebush|IsA|place or location
table|corner|UsedFor|furniture
office|locker|IsA|building
knowledge|game|UsedFor|learning
injury|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
happiness|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
refrigerator|california|UsedFor|storing food
container|closet|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
forest|lake|IsA|place
purse|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
school|box|HasProperty|a building structure
school|store|UsedFor|education
effort|defeat|IsA|positive card
market|pantry|IsA|location or room
pantry|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
hallway|carpet|IsA|type of room
attic|funeral|IsA|structure or building
bed|tree|HasProperty|furniture in a house
shoe|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
creek|windowsill|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
mansion|audience|IsA|location
dinner|party|PartOf|food and drink
plate|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
canada|hallway|IsA|country or state
desktop|bar|IsA|device used for working
forest|disneyland|HasProperty|associated with the environment
oven|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
doctor|battle|IsA|person
garden|gentleman|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
park|forest|CapableOf|be man made
bread|party|PartOf|food and drink
desires|dreams|IsA|feeling
computer|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
bedroom|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
office|cabinet|UsedFor|writing
park|plants|UsedFor|children to play
enjoyment|like|IsA|emotion
motel|desktop|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
notebook|backpack|UsedFor|reading
cat|junk|IsA|animal
jar|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
sink|stomach|MadeOf|metal
audience|car|HasProperty|alive
motel|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
celebrating|excitement|IsA|activity
table|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
desk|house|AtLocation|in the home or  office
toilet|jar|UsedFor|in a bathroom
building|forest|HasA|walls
regret|pride|IsA|verb
school|computer|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
food|kitchen|CapableOf|be consumed
building|classroom|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
hospital|cave|HasA|beds
dust|frogs|AtLocation|in a home
aquarium|sea|HasProperty|human made
river|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
cupboard|shelf|HasA|doors
ceiling|backyard|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
bathroom|groceries|HasA|ceiling
bathroom|office|IsA|room in a house
bar|room|PartOf|food and drink
storage|garden|CapableOf|be made with bricks
hotel|porch|UsedFor|sleeping in
rug|nature|IsA|part of a house
bar|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
house|trunk|HasA|doors
happiness|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
loft|warehouse|AtLocation|inside a person's home
hospital|valley|IsA|building
wilderness|stream|IsA|place
airport|closet|UsedFor|a holiday
wedding|supermarket|UsedFor| gathering together
mouse|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
key|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
container|oven|CapableOf|store things
salad|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
cat|sleep|IsA|animal
newspaper|floor|UsedFor|reading
cupboard|museum|UsedFor|storage
carnival|war|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
house|school|IsA|place to live
museum|dance|PartOf|building
garden|ground|HasA|feet to stand 
dinner|desk|UsedFor|eating
cabinet|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
people|church|IsA|looks like paypal 
church|human|HasA|usually have people inside
countryside|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
attic|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
pain|dream|IsA|negative feeling
pantry|shelf|UsedFor|storage
store|maze|IsA|business
refrigerator|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
city|sun|AtLocation|on map
ceiling|persia|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
kitchen|basement|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
hospital|park|HasProperty|a place you can work
sink|floor|IsA|object
container|can|UsedFor|storing things in
oven|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
horse|field|IsA|object
shoe|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
stove|stomach|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
blanket|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
restaurant|clothing|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
mansion|car|HasProperty|a type of home
toilet|computer|UsedFor|storing things inside
movement|discipline|CapableOf|cause injury
restaurant|synagogue|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
airport|table|CapableOf|provide a service
argument|effort|HasProperty|about  clashes
church|people|IsA|place
sink|water|IsA|man made
college|library|IsA|place of learning
supermarket|oven|HasA|edible items for sale
cinema|supermarket|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
competing|tension|IsA|positive card
backpack|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
shelf|outside|AtLocation|indoors
demonstration|garage|UsedFor|announcing something
drinking|enjoyment|IsA|activity
basement|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
house|city|IsA|residential area
outdoors|wilderness|HasProperty|2 syllables
garage|outside|IsA|room in a building
suburb|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
stream|nature|IsA|1 syllable word
body|people|HasProperty|part of a human
bread|container|IsA|type of food
university|classroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
backpack|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
valley|bay|HasA|earth
defeat|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
computer|music|IsA|physical and movable item
chocolate|television|UsedFor|eating
bathroom|outside|HasProperty|part of your  house
house|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
paper|store|IsA|school supply
hunger|problems|HasProperty|linked to food
anxiety|happiness|IsA|colorful
apartment|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
hotel|town|IsA|something you can own
shelf|conference|MadeOf|a natural material
desk|basement|UsedFor|furnishing a house
boat|inside|IsA|place or location
office|god|IsA|place of religion
table|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
mexico|restaurant|IsA|place you visit often
apartment|demonstration|UsedFor|reading and studying
home|sink|HasA|door
bathroom|chair|UsedFor|cooking
bed|library|MadeOf|wood
television|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
alcohol|room|PartOf|food and drink
container|ballpark|UsedFor|storage
accomplishment|sweat|IsA|positive card
desktop|garden|MadeOf|wood
injury|action|IsA|physical damage to the body
beach|curtain|HasProperty|hot
shelf|glass|MadeOf|metal
table|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
encyclopedia|drink|IsA|animal or book
countryside|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
apartment|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
california|apartment|HasProperty|a state in the usa
mansion|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
bank|lemur|IsA|animal
fatigue|headache|IsA|emotion
playground|bearing|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
street|rain|IsA|type of land
table|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
anxiety|performing|IsA|colorful
jellyfish|meeting|CapableOf|be alive
church|town|UsedFor|learning
university|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
apartment|car|IsA|location
synagogue|people|IsA|religious card
bridge|town|UsedFor|driving on or over
loft|bag|IsA|structure or building
garden|pond|IsA|nature-related
kitchen|computer|IsA|room in a property
ranch|barnyard|IsA|another name for food
kitchen|bar|IsA|type of room in houses
people|internet|HasProperty|alive
change|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
detroit|chair|IsA|place you visit
clock|wall|CapableOf|show you time
toronto|garbage|IsA|place
notebook|pocket|UsedFor|writing
telephone|corner|IsA|n electronic device
valley|fish|HasA|water
theater|apartment|UsedFor|putting on a show
tent|conference|IsA|place
happiness|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
bread|kitchens|IsA|type of food
telephone|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
home|birds|PartOf|house 
boat|water|CapableOf|be used as transport 
concert|doctor|UsedFor|recreation activity
building|loft|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
airport|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
house|coats|IsA|place to live
condiments|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
woods|cage|IsA|natural thing
lasagna|market|HasProperty|used at meal time
outdoors|yard|IsA|nature-related
garage|refrigerator|IsA|building
dancing|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
table|shelf|HasA|doors
disneyland|desert|IsA|popular attraction
books|chair|UsedFor|viewing/reading
wall|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
school|telephone|IsA|place
lasagna|product|HasProperty|used at meal time
candle|sun|HasProperty|white
machine|museum|UsedFor|fitness
floor|carpet|UsedFor|building the structure of house
museum|paper|IsA|building
book|information|CapableOf| be held in your hand
museum|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
oven|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
house|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
plate|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
sink|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
florida|australia|AtLocation|within the usa
store|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
arctic|weather|IsA|type of land
bay|wilderness|HasA|water
cave|closet|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
restaurant|library|UsedFor|washing
concert|person|IsA|sound
dishwasher|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
bank|corner|HasA|feet to stand 
montana|yard|IsA|state
canada|city|IsA|country
america|freeway|IsA|proper noun
beach|pond|IsA|nature-related
telephone|choir|IsA|electronic device
temple|loft|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
book|meeting|UsedFor|reading
synagogue|briefcase|IsA|building
conference|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
wall|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
bedroom|opera|UsedFor|sleeping on
library|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
store|stairs|IsA|type of building
speaker|silence|CapableOf|plug into the wall
enjoyment|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
opera|elevator|CapableOf|be performed
kitchen|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
money|controversy|HasProperty|typically positive
bowl|dishwasher|IsA|dish
pen|classroom|IsA|school supply
bedroom|mouse|IsA|room (type)
doorway|castle|PartOf|house 
building|silence|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
school|demonstration|IsA|location
container|jar|UsedFor|serving dinner
table|container|IsA|piece of furniture
canada|backyard|IsA|nation
museum|pantry|IsA|place to store items
house|human|IsA|building
desktop|telephone|UsedFor|fun
cupboard|corner|MadeOf|wood
bee|mountain|IsA|living thing
human|jail|IsA|person
trash|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
cupboard|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
church|basement|IsA|place to pray
shelf|dust|UsedFor|to keep items
washington|canada|PartOf|america
yard|forest|HasProperty|man made
party|room|HasProperty|associated with drinking
church|people|IsA|religious card
person|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
park|human|IsA|place where you can visit
excitement|stress|HasA|ltr p
corner|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
restaurants|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
magazines|clothing|UsedFor|reading 
microwave|outside|UsedFor|cooking food
jar|change|UsedFor|living
basement|mouse|IsA|room in a building
clock|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
texas|utah|HasA|border with an ocean
learning|empathy|IsA|activity
university|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
synagogue|body|IsA|place
clothing|dust|HasProperty|an object
wedding|opera|HasProperty|an event
desktop|bar|UsedFor|communication
university|water|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
apartment|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
body|tent|UsedFor|buying food
attic|boxes|IsA|room (type)
opera|church|MadeOf|wood
jail|home|CapableOf|provide a service
accomplishment|enemies|IsA|positive card
hallway|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
answer|peanuts|IsA|reply to a question
mexico|pond|IsA|place you visit often
home|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
china|town|HasProperty|a country
hospital|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
chair|synagogue|IsA|place or location
store|floor|HasA|ceiling
office|desk|UsedFor|work
remembering|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
america|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
office|yard|AtLocation|in your company
learning|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
valley|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
desk|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
library|corner|HasProperty|a public place
apartment|internet|HasProperty|a type of home
library|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
remembering|pain|IsA|positive thing
refrigerator|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
pain|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
car|roof|CapableOf|move location
answer|front|IsA|reply to a question
backpack|cabinet|UsedFor|carrying things
pocket|teacher|UsedFor|carrying things
church|chair|IsA|place you visit
river|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
continent|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
town|hotel|IsA|tourist destination
windowsill|sky|HasProperty|man-made
club|throne|IsA|place people can meet
forest|encyclopedia|IsA|place
forest|rain|IsA|type of land
synagogue|war|HasA|exterior walls
people|god|IsA|place of religion
horse|bathroom|IsA|object
bedroom|backyard|CapableOf|be painted
office|map|IsA|building
cabinet|bowl|IsA|furniture
discovery|birds|IsA|emotion
door|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
knowledge|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
home|friends|IsA|type /part of building
dancing|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
book|dinner|UsedFor|studying
synagogue|paper|IsA|place of learning
bed|office|MadeOf|wood
restaurant|bottle|IsA|type of business
book|wall|MadeOf|paper
cupboard|wall|UsedFor|storage
rock|cottage|HasA|outdoor scenery
fire|home|CapableOf|move location
windowsill|stream|MadeOf|trees
concert|battle|UsedFor|recreation activity
apartment|computer|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
celebrating|love|IsA|activity
school|box|AtLocation|on the map
colorado|trees|HasA|car
encyclopedia|dinner|UsedFor|studying
nest|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
book|car|CapableOf| be held in your hand
carrots|field|IsA|sweet or savory
car|home|CapableOf|move location
highway|house|UsedFor|car travel
office|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
office|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
california|freeway|IsA|proper noun
fulfillment|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
building|floor|IsA|type of room
pot|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
city|valley|HasProperty|human made
disneyland|desert|IsA|vacation destination
apartment|arboretum|IsA|place people live
squirrel|sky|IsA|animal
door|furniture|MadeOf|wood
classroom|dust|IsA|necessity for education
happiness|fight|IsA|positive card
company|passageway|IsA|business
aquarium|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
cabinet|shower|HasA|door
dancing|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
synagogue|skin|IsA|place
class|club|UsedFor|learning
restaurant|valley|IsA|business that serves food
garage|attic|UsedFor|storing vehicles
punch|field|CapableOf|make you sad
shelf|clock|MadeOf|wood
home|loft|IsA|place to sleep
pen|jar|IsA|school supply
dishes|glass|UsedFor|food
apartment|computer|UsedFor|housing
hallway|ground|AtLocation|at a home
bedroom|church|MadeOf|wood
minnesota|grape|IsA|location
oven|bedroom|MadeOf|metal
homes|human|AtLocation|indoors
burrow|underground|IsA|activity 
beach|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
garage|sugar|IsA|room in a building
food|inside|AtLocation|in a house
table|apartment|AtLocation|inside a place of habitation
conference|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
field|street|PartOf|nature
mexico|outside|IsA|country
bottle|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
desk|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
pantry|inside|AtLocation|in a house
france|marmoset|IsA|state
garage|mouse|IsA|room
building|person|CapableOf|make a sound
pantry|window|UsedFor|food
town|desert|HasA|buildings in it
effort|tension|IsA|positive card
refrigerator|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
trunk|floor|UsedFor|storage
roof|desert|HasProperty|man made
wallet|store|IsA|thing you have on person
house|speaker|MadeOf|a natural material
universe|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
house|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
freeway|connection|IsA|public place
windowsill|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
bread|manual|PartOf|food and drink
basement|water|IsA|place
lumberyard|inside|IsA|place or location
motel|office|IsA|building
death|hospital|PartOf|the human body
ocean|america|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
locker|atlas|HasA|walls
table|tree|HasProperty|furniture in a house
countryside|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
sea|desktop|IsA|place
library|internet|CapableOf|have people physically in it
michigan|building|IsA|us state
store|action|IsA|place you can visit
michigan|backpack|IsA|place
sweat|death|IsA|physical object
apartment|window|HasProperty|furniture
cage|box|PartOf|physical structure
office|yard|AtLocation|indoors
car|fly|IsA|physical item 
church|water|IsA|place to pray
pantry|desktop|UsedFor|storage
garage|cabinet|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
boxes|shed|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
pain|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
mouth|jar|IsA|part of the body
mexico|countryside|IsA|place you visit often
bathroom|food|AtLocation|in a house
cellar|container|IsA|structure or building
paint|shelf|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
chair|vase|IsA|necessity for education
books|pantry|CapableOf|be used for school
table|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
party|supermarket|HasProperty|associated with drinking
kitchen|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
magazine|table|UsedFor|reading
desktop|barn|UsedFor|communication
jar|pocket|UsedFor|living
bathroom|box|PartOf|house
library|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
bedroom|theater|IsA|type of room
indiana|fox|IsA|country or state name
mouth|park|IsA|part of the body
desktop|university|AtLocation|home
desk|stuff|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
loft|building|IsA|specific part of a structure
jungle|dog|IsA|outdoor area
birds|discovery|CapableOf|fly
box|shed|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
weather|street|HasProperty|related to water falling
television|book|MadeOf|technology
television|corner|CapableOf|make sounds
groceries|sink|HasA|door
bedroom|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
grass|outside|IsA|living/once living
basement|car|PartOf|house
clothes|shelf|HasProperty|an object
convention|theater|HasProperty|an event
picture|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
restaurant|michigan|IsA|building
underground|trees|AtLocation|below
notebook|classroom|HasProperty|sold in stores
roof|pantry|IsA|place to store items
birds|discovery|HasA|physical appearance
kentucky|books|IsA|american state
disneyland|musical|IsA|place or location
television|dust|CapableOf|show films
bread|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
cupboard|jar|HasA|door
maine|work|IsA|country or state
plate|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
shelf|car|UsedFor|to keep items
basement|wood|IsA|place or location
kitchen|woods|AtLocation|in a building
library|office|IsA|place for reading
skyscraper|birds|PartOf|house 
stick|ground|IsA|living/once living
library|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
door|dust|MadeOf|wood
magazine|car|CapableOf| be held in your hand
classroom|boat|UsedFor|reading
disneyland|street|IsA|vacation destination
skate|mind|IsA|action
cage|bird|MadeOf|trees
house|person|IsA|type of building
books|shelf|UsedFor|viewing/reading
love|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
birds|cut|CapableOf|fly
building|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
valley|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
airport|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
cage|bank|IsA|place where money is kept
store|rug|HasA|ceiling
hospital|desktop|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
stamps|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
park|frustration|IsA|happy card
ocean|roof|MadeOf|natural materials
pantry|outside|AtLocation|indoors
pantry|can|MadeOf|metal
bedroom|party|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
forest|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
desktop|connection|HasA|use electricity
information|head|HasProperty|related to studying
forest|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
motel|telephone|IsA|building
book|library|MadeOf|paper
detroit|workplace|IsA|place people go for fun
home|airport|IsA|1 syllable  word
jar|street|UsedFor|living
tennessee|ranch|IsA|animal
supermarket|wedding|IsA|place
airplane|wings|CapableOf|fly
excitement|talk|IsA|feeling
kitchen|television|HasProperty|a room
hotel|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
classroom|apartment|UsedFor|reading
home|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
computer|school|PartOf|admin role
toilet|house|UsedFor|pooping
pocket|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
road|playground|CapableOf|be drived on with car
attic|mail|IsA|structure or building
meeting|throne|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
house|countryside|HasProperty|in or is a building
argument|accomplishment|HasProperty|about  clashes
city|ocean|HasProperty|human made
crying|shock|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
wilderness|sloth|IsA|place
bird|windowsill|CapableOf|fly
office|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
happiness|reflection|CapableOf|tell stories
hospital|bedroom|HasA|front desk
stomach|refrigerator|IsA|  place
lumberyard|tree|IsA|place or location
aquarium|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
opera|concert|IsA|place or location
theater|supermarket|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
apartment|bowl|IsA|building
table|kitchen|IsA|piece of furniture
office|map|HasA|walls
room|car|PartOf|house
garage|house|IsA|room
basement|exchange|IsA|type of room
college|restaurant|IsA|place of learning
refrigerator|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
africa|dirt|IsA|continent
sahara|rain|IsA|geographic location
building|countryside|HasA|walls
soup|cellar|IsA|food
driveway|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
stuff|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
radio|silence|IsA|electronic device
beach|town|IsA|nature-related
food|performing|HasA|physical appearance
apartment|closet|AtLocation|on the map
motel|farm|UsedFor|overnight stays
groceries|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
entertaining|fulfillment|IsA|activity
backpack|restaurant|HasProperty|something you can carry
vaccines|dreams|IsA|medical product
book|field|UsedFor|studying
garage|restaurant|HasProperty|found in the garden
happiness|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
excitement|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
pot|box|HasA|connection to food
floor|porch|IsA|physical item 
theater|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
school|show|UsedFor|to get a degree
windowsill|curtain|HasProperty|hot
bowl|film|IsA|something you eat off
pocket|classroom|UsedFor|carrying things
street|desert|HasA|buildings in it
car|table|CapableOf|be worn
outdoors|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
competing|death|HasProperty|about  clashes
hotel|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
hotel|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
crying|embarrassment|IsA|something a baby could have
countryside|anthology|IsA|place or location
knowledge|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
house|office|IsA|building
discovery|anxiety|HasProperty|used to drive in
plate|michigan|UsedFor|eating
body|theater|UsedFor|buying food
closet|clouds|HasProperty|found inside a house
continent|ocean|HasA|earth
hospital|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
loft|rug|IsA|private space
knowledge|europe|UsedFor|learning
office|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
disneyland|rain|IsA|popular attraction
cabinet|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
box|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
food|silverware|HasProperty|edible
garage|desktop|UsedFor|storage
magazine|doctor|IsA|physical item 
synagogue|people|HasA|ticket box usually
nightmares|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
ground|home|IsA|looks like house
library|desk|CapableOf|contain multiple people
roof|cage|PartOf|house
television|dust|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
stamps|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
backpack|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
water|ocean|UsedFor|eating or drinking
library|band|IsA|place
bowl|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
container|classroom|UsedFor|carrying things
alcohol|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
chair|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
cabinet|garden|IsA|object
house|yard|IsA|place where you can live
satisfaction|talk|IsA|mental state
telephone|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
bedroom|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
hairbrush|loft|AtLocation|in your room
school|workplace|UsedFor|education
hotel|library|UsedFor|a holiday
room|rug|CapableOf|sleep on it
desktop|machine|UsedFor|fun
park|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
office|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
forest|dictionary|IsA|place
disneyland|condiments|IsA|  place
highway|playground|CapableOf|be drived on with car
pantry|oven|CapableOf|store things
theater|audience|IsA|location
arctic|rain|IsA|type of land
supermarket|food|IsA|public building
carpet|ground|AtLocation|in a home
salad|soup|UsedFor|healthy eating
manual|meeting|IsA|thing you can touch
stream|woods|MadeOf|water
town|backyard|IsA|place you visit often
street|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
grape|field|IsA|sweet or savory
carpet|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
map|pocket|CapableOf|be used for travel
china|river|IsA|big space
bedroom|desktop|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
utensils|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
heaven|people|IsA|religious card
valley|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
kitchen|cellar|IsA|room
city|dictionary|IsA|place
love|car|IsA|n emotion
groceries|trunk|HasA|door
school|human|IsA|building
bathroom|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
mountains|cottage|HasProperty|in a cold climate
loft|furniture|IsA|building
drawer|university|IsA|furniture
jail|school|UsedFor|punishing people
work|connection|AtLocation|library
cupboard|coffee|IsA|furniture
bee|bathroom|IsA|living thing
bridge|ocean|HasProperty|human made
street|disneyland|HasProperty|associated with the environment
bedroom|outside|IsA|room in a building
library|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
closet|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
canada|playground|IsA|nation
windowsill|ground|HasProperty|found inside a house
enjoyment|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
toilet|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
refrigerator|bathroom|CapableOf| be moved
restaurant|love|UsedFor|a gathering of people
seattle|rain|IsA|type of place
lamp|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
leaves|ground|PartOf|nature
silence|television|IsA|tv show
college|stadium|IsA|place of learning
kitchens|pot|IsA|type of business
garden|building|UsedFor|generating products or plants
bathroom|airplane|PartOf|house 
desktop|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
florida|freeway|IsA|proper noun
table|stuff|IsA|furniture
lake|stream|IsA|place
kitchen|refrigerator|IsA|location or room
table|desktop|IsA|furniture
bowl|movie|IsA|something you eat off
grape|supermarket|CapableOf|be sweet
seaside|books|IsA|place
kitchen|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
funeral|park|IsA| event
attic|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
shelf|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
microwave|love|HasA|use electricity
pantry|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
apartment|computer|IsA|room in a property
television|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
shelf|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
carnival|building|IsA|music related event
bay|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
bathroom|church|IsA|room in a house
pond|outdoors|CapableOf|be man made
home|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
glass|harbor|IsA|physical item 
nostalgia|shock|IsA|emotion
valley|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
office|nails|UsedFor|writing
books|information|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
rain|sahara|AtLocation|at america
shelf|demonstration|MadeOf|a natural material
portfolio|garden|UsedFor|writing in
kitchen|hallway|IsA|room
factory|storage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
wisconsin|river|CapableOf|be walked on
shop|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
bedroom|house|UsedFor|mainly sleep
pond|playground|UsedFor|swimming
newspaper|park|MadeOf|paper
michigan|store|PartOf|natural landscape
apartment|table|IsA|building
apartment|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
floor|home|UsedFor|standing on
england|outside|IsA|place
argument|death|HasProperty|about  clashes
television|safe|IsA|part media
cinema|internet|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
basement|jar|HasA|door
spoon|store|HasProperty|related to eating
kitchens|market|IsA|type of room in houses
jail|workplace|UsedFor|punishing people
backpack|state|AtLocation|inside a house
closet|funeral|IsA|structure or building
store|swimming|HasProperty|man made
stove|container|HasProperty|used for meals
lamp|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
argument|tension|HasA|physical element
shelf|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
sink|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
garden|captivity|IsA|location
pantry|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
hospital|animals|HasA|exterior walls
apartment|woods|IsA|room in a property
headache|suicide|MadeOf|the human body
woods|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
school|person|HasA|exterior walls
classroom|notebook|HasA|walls
stuff|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
coffee|trash|UsedFor|eating
food|sink|HasProperty|edible
chair|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
dancing|like|IsA|activity
home|refrigerator|HasProperty|where someone can live
excitement|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
wilderness|lake|IsA|place
bridge|pond|HasProperty|human made
shed|mail|IsA|structure or building
wall|airport|AtLocation|library
restaurant|mouth|IsA|place
yard|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
factory|school|IsA|place where people work
bathroom|bowl|IsA|type of room
plants|television|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
indiana|cooking|IsA|us state
radio|newspaper|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
air|street|IsA|brand
school|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
nest|sky|PartOf|physical structure
horse|minnesota|IsA|object
university|show|UsedFor|to get a degree
university|universe|HasProperty|something you can touch
apartment|computer|IsA|type of building
rock|street|PartOf|nature
sweat|stress|HasA|physical element
florida|utah|HasA|border with an ocean
bed|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
briefcase|paper|UsedFor|storage
cellar|funeral|IsA|room in a home
beach|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
homes|heaven|PartOf|house 
burrow|mountains|AtLocation|below
nursery|flowers|IsA|place or location
container|bottle|UsedFor|storing things in
france|marmoset|AtLocation|labeled on a map
windowsill|cage|PartOf|house
garage|cellar|IsA|room in a building
bathroom|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
classroom|garage|HasProperty|a room
town|america|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
egypt|store|IsA|location
synagogue|map|IsA|building
party|refrigerator|HasProperty|associated with drinking
embarrassment|money|IsA|emotion
bedroom|building|IsA|specific part of a structure
mouth|funeral|IsA|part of the body
club|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
hotel|farm|UsedFor|over night stays 
opera|conference|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
anger|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
erections|sleeping|PartOf|human body
condiments|table|CapableOf|be consumed
smiles|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
desires|sleeping|IsA|feeling
lamp|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
smiles|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
dinner|clothing|UsedFor|to keep items
home|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
hunger|depression|HasProperty|linked to food
opera|germany|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
park|kennel|IsA|place or location
action|wallet|CapableOf|hold objects
table|bedroom|HasA|legs
store|food|IsA|location
mexico|beach|IsA|nation
laughter|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
fulfillment|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
church|closet|IsA|place
corner|dust|HasProperty|part of a building
cabinet|restaurant|IsA|furniture
bay|ocean|HasA|3 letters
town|countryside|IsA|residential area
book|television|HasProperty|related to studying
hallway|floor|IsA|type of room
backpack|demonstration|UsedFor|packing things inside
chair|river|IsA|place or location
attic|house|IsA|room in a building
desk|bedroom|IsA|item of furniture
street|tree|HasProperty|man made
theater|supermarket|IsA|place to be entertained
money|bubblegum|HasProperty|to do with currency
food|restaurant|HasProperty|edible
refrigerator|stove|CapableOf|store things
dinner|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
cage|wilderness|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
car|river|IsA|physical item 
suburb|house|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
grape|carrots|CapableOf|be sweet
lake|outdoors|IsA|1 syllable word
burger|market|IsA|type of food
forest|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
supermarket|money|IsA|place you can visit
library|rug|IsA|type /part of building
car|dinner|UsedFor|storage
factory|michigan|AtLocation|in united states
supermarket|air|PartOf|food and drink
bedroom|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
restaurant|box|IsA|place
sahara|weather|IsA|geographic location
shop|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
cabinet|garage|AtLocation|in a building
town|wedding|AtLocation|on a map
people|tent|UsedFor|buying food
passageway|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
yard|ground|HasProperty|man made
demonstration|person|CapableOf|be attended
sunshine|snow|HasProperty|hot
like|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
body|tent|HasProperty|part of a human
human|school|CapableOf|move freely
shelf|floor|HasProperty|furniture
god|montana|IsA|religious card
church|jar|IsA|place you can visit
closet|church|PartOf|house
desktop|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
love|discomfort|IsA|emotion
table|plate|IsA|furniture
shelf|paint|UsedFor|storage
container|table|UsedFor|storage
oven|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
park|kennel|IsA|outdoor area
grass|forest|IsA|living/once living
house|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
happiness|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
storage|michigan|CapableOf|be made with bricks
basement|street|IsA|place
punch|punishment|MadeOf|one syllable
salad|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
airport|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
celebrating|entertaining|IsA|activity
room|floor|HasA|ceiling
supermarket|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
pantry|jar|HasA|door
pantry|outside|MadeOf|wood
garage|cellar|IsA|room
apartment|party|HasProperty|a building structure
ballpark|kennel|IsA|outdoor area
forest|stream|IsA|place
restaurant|throne|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
supermarket|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
ground|landfill|AtLocation|indoors
candy|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
cabinet|box|IsA|furniture
agreement|favors|IsA|activity
pain|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
locker|briefcase|HasA|walls
notebook|briefcase|IsA|school supply
shelf|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
sink|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
market|product|IsA|place
classroom|car|IsA|location
problems|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
park|office|IsA|ground where child play
windowsill|glass|HasProperty|hot
auditorium|lights|UsedFor|music
house|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
hunger|crying|HasProperty|linked to food
bed|boat|MadeOf|wood
microwave|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
building|dance|IsA|type of room
box|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
basement|water|PartOf|house
refrigerator|table|CapableOf|store things
shed|box|IsA|structure or building
desk|office|UsedFor|sitting on
dictionary|house|IsA|animal or book
trunk|bar|UsedFor|storing things in
garbage|television|HasA|opening or door
montana|beaver|IsA|location
homes|birds|PartOf|house 
apartment|trash|IsA|building
dirt|closet|MadeOf|organic brown matter
street|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
cabinet|classroom|IsA|object
classroom|home|IsA|specific part of a structure
argument|competing|HasProperty|about negative conflict
action|performing|IsA|colorful
garden|town|IsA|nature-related
control|country|HasProperty|powerful
automobile|highway|CapableOf|be lived in
drawer|library|IsA|physical item 
like|excitement|UsedFor|hobbies
book|museum|UsedFor|reading
museum|germany|PartOf|building
backpack|apartment|IsA|object
bar|container|IsA|location or room
country|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
desktop|car|AtLocation|library
library|information|IsA|thing you can touch
castle|couch|CapableOf|be lived in
container|warehouse|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
mansion|person|IsA|type of building
clothes|floor|HasProperty|an object
concert|town|HasA|ticket box usually
grape|restaurant|CapableOf|be sweet
garden|box|IsA|location
death|battle|IsA|physical outcome
lamp|television|UsedFor|lighting up a room
church|elevator|IsA|place you visit
basement|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
ocean|dirt|MadeOf|water
encyclopedia|game|UsedFor|learning
salad|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
laugh|garage|IsA|sound
michigan|churchyard|IsA|country or state
aquarium|river|HasProperty|human made
table|persia|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
suburbs|wilderness|IsA|man-made thing
attic|box|PartOf|house
kentucky|desert|IsA|american state
attic|cabinet|IsA|room
audience|wedding|HasProperty|alive
drawer|floor|HasProperty|an object
workplace|human|IsA|place you visit
celebrating|like|IsA|physical emotion
library|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
bedroom|television|IsA|room in a property
stuff|michigan|UsedFor|eating
spoon|bathroom|HasProperty|related to eating
hospital|town|IsA|business that serves food
kitchen|market|IsA|type of room in houses
cellar|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
montana|beaver|IsA|american state
newspaper|knowledge|IsA|part media
cup|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
kitchen|inside|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
dictionary|table|UsedFor|viewing/reading
hospital|maze|HasA|beds
shop|library|IsA|1 syllable  word
utensils|desk|UsedFor|eating
building|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
restaurant|love|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
love|car|IsA|emotion
garden|countryside|HasProperty|man made
happiness|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
restaurant|cabinet|IsA|building
newspaper|jail|IsA|physical item 
fear|pride|IsA|negative emotion
drawer|glass|HasProperty|furniture
cabinet|floor|IsA|furniture
pantry|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
field|grape|IsA|location
television|lamp|IsA|n electronic device
music|war|CapableOf|be performed
playground|field|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
park|air|HasProperty|man made
california|home|HasProperty|a state in the usa
france|trees|IsA|place
jar|peanuts|UsedFor|storage
food|television|UsedFor|eating
pocket|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
room|moon|AtLocation|at a home
microwave|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
england|work|IsA|country or state
restaurant|building|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
california|park|IsA|us state
office|ocean|AtLocation|in your company
cellar|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
supermarket|car|PartOf|food and drink
basement|trunk|HasA|door
museum|carnival|PartOf|building
river|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
jar|conference|UsedFor|carrying things
library|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
airport|book|HasA|use electricity
soup|store|AtLocation|in a home
airport|apartment|HasProperty|a public place
bed|classroom|MadeOf|wood
driveway|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
skin|people|HasProperty|part of a human
floor|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
cupboard|dinner|IsA|piece of furniture
action|birds|IsA|colorful
laughter|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
attic|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
colorado|marmoset|HasA|car
inside|refrigerators|IsA|  place
countryside|montana|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
birds|countryside|IsA|animal
beach|street|HasA|first letter b
information|books|MadeOf|technology
university|demonstration|IsA|location
wallet|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
street|house|HasA|buildings in it
closet|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
forest|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
mansion|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
refrigerator|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
office|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
desert|moon|HasProperty|hot
sea|valley|HasA|3 letters
shock|embarrassment|IsA|something a baby could have
park|ground|HasProperty|man made
car|office|HasProperty|easily movable
beach|bearing|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
street|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
cupboard|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
problems|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
house|shelf|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
computer|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
apartment|ground|HasProperty|where someone can live
motel|party|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
classroom|student|IsA|location
salad|store|IsA|food
garage|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
table|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
mexico|playground|IsA|country
street|garage|UsedFor|car travel
class|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
vase|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
refrigerators|cup|HasA|store edible items
restaurant|city|IsA|building
coats|ocean|HasProperty|item of clothing
desktop|party|IsA|n electronic device
jungle|kennel|IsA|place or location
computer|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
supermarket|jar|IsA|public building
hotel|apartment|HasA|fee to visit
crying|money|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
plate|case|IsA|dish
television|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
garage|woods|IsA|room
wedding|restaurant|IsA|event
harbor|pool|UsedFor|transportation
wallet|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
house|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
university|basement|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
sea|river|HasA|3 letters
warehouse|bicycle|PartOf|house
greenhouse|cabinet|IsA|building
india|hole|IsA|country
stamps|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
minnesota|horse|IsA|location
university|garden|UsedFor|learning
woods|outdoors|IsA|1 syllable word
bathroom|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
headache|dancing|MadeOf|the human body
pantry|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
allergies|arguments|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
bedroom|church|UsedFor|sleeping on
bathroom|carrots|UsedFor|cleaning your body
airport|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
opera|people|IsA|place or location
ocean|city|HasA|water
park|roof|AtLocation|outside
restaurant|love|HasProperty|child friendly
disneyland|glass|IsA|vacation destination
ocean|bathroom|IsA|building
television|ground|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
hotel|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
outside|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
hallway|table|IsA|type /part of building
drawer|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
river|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
instruction|problems|IsA|positive thing
bird|forest|IsA|1 syllable word
people|montana|IsA|looks like paypal 
cupboard|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
restaurant|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
town|continent|HasProperty|ruled by one government
understanding|contemplating|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
driveway|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
museum|garage|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
bedroom|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
park|elevator|IsA|place you visit
television|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
office|book|HasA|walls
attic|clouds|HasProperty|found inside a house
building|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
store|car|UsedFor|to keep items
store|nails|IsA|location
kitchen|roof|AtLocation|indoors
fire|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
supermarket|convention|UsedFor|buying food
airport|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
refrigerator|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
college|table|IsA|building
computer|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
backpack|classroom|UsedFor|packing things inside
park|joy|CapableOf|be physically touched
effort|anger|IsA|positive card
tropics|garden|IsA|big space
game|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
montana|newspaper|IsA|state
cupboard|roof|HasA|doors
store|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
desktop|company|AtLocation|library
garden|windowsill|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
store|floor|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
car|puddle|IsA|physical item 
chair|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
chair|porch|HasProperty|easily movable
plane|peanuts|UsedFor|travel
sailboat|tile|AtLocation|with water
shop|party|HasProperty|a place you can work
store|egypt|UsedFor|driving 
restaurant|cup|AtLocation|on the map
supermarket|shelf|IsA|type of business
freeway|bathroom|IsA|public place
injuries|enemies|CapableOf|create physical pain
table|office|UsedFor|sitting on
communication|tears|IsA|activity
cage|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
defeat|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
fire|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
college|computer|IsA|building
cupboard|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
injuries|argument|CapableOf|create physical pain
classroom|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
airport|desktop|CapableOf|employ people
refrigerator|apartment|HasProperty|found in the garden
cupboard|cellar|CapableOf| be moved
bathroom|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
candy|movies|UsedFor|eating
club|suit|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
case|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
clothes|store|HasProperty|an object
crying|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
wilderness|sunshine|CapableOf|be currently visited
sadness|inspiration|IsA|emotion
skyscraper|churchyard|IsA|tall building
party|office|IsA|list of alphabets
entertainment|stupid|HasA|positive connotation
car|house|CapableOf|move location
cabinet|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
books|meeting|UsedFor|reading
drawer|stuff|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
plate|inside|AtLocation|in a house
chicken|puddle|IsA|physical item 
box|carnival|UsedFor|storage
office|corner|IsA|n electronic device
pantry|cup|CapableOf|store things
pen|container|UsedFor|writing
books|seaside|CapableOf|be read
plate|film|IsA|dish
embarrassment|trauma|IsA|emotion
floor|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
mountains|trees|HasProperty|cold
book|internet|AtLocation|on a shelf
floor|trouble|UsedFor|standing on
tent|body|IsA|place
valley|sea|HasA|earth
candle|house|HasProperty|white
dancing|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
boxes|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
toilet|apartment|UsedFor|urination
nature|garbage|PartOf|house
library|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
desk|demonstration|IsA|inanimate object
carnival|peanuts|UsedFor|travel
bedroom|hotel|IsA|place to live
newspaper|field|PartOf|the human body
restaurants|supermarket|HasProperty|associated with drinking
trauma|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
toilet|ocean|IsA|man made
house|forest|IsA|inanimate object
restaurants|alcohol|IsA|public place
school|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
tropics|lizard|IsA|location
ceiling|sun|IsA|specific part of a structure
roadway|china|UsedFor|transportation
cave|store|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
closet|dust|HasProperty|used for storage
love|stupid|IsA|n emotion
cellar|mail|IsA|room in a home
bathroom|store|PartOf|house
restaurants|supermarket|UsedFor|entertaining
hallway|television|HasA|usually have people inside
wilderness|drink|CapableOf|be currently visited
food|cupboard|HasProperty|edible
antarctica|ranch|IsA|animal
opera|people|IsA|place
driveway|house|CapableOf|be parked on
desktop|wall|HasA|use electricity
chicken|medium|UsedFor|eating or drinking
drawer|plate|IsA|furniture
beach|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
notebook|teacher|UsedFor|writing
marmoset|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
confession|chair|IsA|religious card
kitchen|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
injuries|fight|IsA|physical outcome
synagogue|atlas|HasA|walls
museum|desktop|HasA|walls
montana|books|IsA|american state
mansion|cellar|HasProperty|a type of building
shelf|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
chair|house|UsedFor|sitting on
jail|church|UsedFor|punishing people
boat|water|UsedFor|transportation
light|universe|HasProperty|found in the house
sea|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
snore|garbage|PartOf|house
subdivision|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
bedroom|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
fire|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
store|demonstration|IsA|type of shop
game|europe|AtLocation|in a building
hospital|office|IsA|building 
exhaustion|cleanliness|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
restaurants|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
problems|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
bird|rug|IsA|a animal
outdoors|dog|IsA|outdoor area
bird|beach|CapableOf|fly
hunger|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
carpet|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
warehouse|box|IsA|structure or building
cupboard|shelf|UsedFor|storage
exercise|discipline|HasProperty|a physical activity
ocean|country|HasA|water
colorado|fly|IsA|place
dictionary|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
nostalgia|inspiration|IsA|emotion
dinner|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
river|fish|IsA|place that humans can swim
pennsylvania|picture|HasA|city inside
forest|disneyland|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
newspaper|porch|UsedFor|reading
sky|chair|AtLocation|above the ground
encyclopedia|field|HasProperty|related to studying
competing|injuries|IsA|positive card
stomach|container|IsA|  place
roof|sky|PartOf|physical structure
kitchens|container|IsA|location or room
wilderness|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
class|club|HasA|person stood at the front
morgue|palace|PartOf|the human body
house|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
home|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
driveway|town|CapableOf|be parked on
encyclopedia|cabinet|UsedFor|viewing/reading
vase|anthology|UsedFor|storing items
bay|sea|IsA|small body of water
radio|clouds|CapableOf|make sounds
valley|fish|HasA|earth
motel|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
television|library|AtLocation|on a shelf
bedroom|temple|IsA|specific part of a structure
supermarket|conference|UsedFor|buying food
leaves|countryside|IsA|stone
apartment|town|IsA|home
kitchen|television|AtLocation|in a building
college|notebook|IsA|building
bay|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
desk|persia|HasA|legs
aquarium|sea|IsA|small body of water
garage|speaker|CapableOf|make a sound
roadway|city|UsedFor|transportation
toilet|bar|AtLocation|in a building
homes|love|UsedFor|a gathering of people
jar|cup|CapableOf|store things
synagogue|desktop|IsA|place of learning
museum|party|UsedFor|communication
aggression|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
refrigerator|food|HasA|store edible items
closet|groceries|UsedFor|storing things in
office|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
music|person|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
cave|hospital|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
wallet|church|IsA|thing you have on person
newspaper|dinner|IsA|part media
kitchen|table|IsA|type /part of building
park|headache|CapableOf|be physically touched
car|temple|CapableOf|move location
universe|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
happiness|skin|IsA|emotion
bed|porch|IsA|physical item 
bird|rug|HasA|animal
pantry|nails|IsA|location
bird|mountain|IsA|living thing
cabinet|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
food|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
knowledge|trauma|IsA|positive thing
homes|human|HasProperty|child friendly
bird|bathroom|IsA|living thing
cabinet|greenhouse|IsA|furniture
oven|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
ficus|arboretum|IsA|place where people live
people|conference|IsA|looks like paypal 
america|marmoset|AtLocation|labeled on a map
television|music|IsA|physical and movable item
church|chair|IsA|place where you can visit
television|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
groceries|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
empathy|entertaining|IsA|emotion
backyard|canada|PartOf|house
happiness|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
college|house|IsA|place of learning
town|yard|IsA|place you visit often
mexico|mountains|IsA|state
library|apartment|UsedFor|reading
seattle|sahara|AtLocation|at america
kitchen|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
magazine|shop|IsA|physical item 
garden|classroom|HasProperty|sold in stores
dishes|floor|UsedFor|food
jail|basement|IsA|building
palace|staircase|IsA|type of building
salad|supermarket|IsA|food
relaxation|revelations|IsA|physical state
windowsill|store|PartOf|house
laughter|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
backpack|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
house|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
bird|countryside|IsA|living thing
bar|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
bathroom|bedroom|UsedFor|urination
excitement|favors|IsA|emotion
instruction|shock|HasProperty|typically positive
park|sadness|IsA|happy card
restaurant|groceries|IsA|type of business
waterfall|city|HasA|water
leaves|field|IsA|stone
food|television|CapableOf|be eaten
arizona|oklahoma|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
stress|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
den|supermarket|HasA|ceiling
bar|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
motel|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
library|drawer|IsA|room or building
notebook|classroom|UsedFor|writing
hotel|party|IsA|building
dance|mind|IsA|action
morgue|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
loft|container|IsA|structure or building
cheese|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
mexico|yard|IsA|nation
dreams|desires|HasProperty|related to sleep
window|office|HasProperty|found in a house
allergies|cleanliness|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
sleep|drawer|PartOf|house
concert|plane|IsA|music related event
skin|listening|MadeOf|the human body
washington|painting|IsA|location
classroom|theater|UsedFor|reading
desktop|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
aquarium|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
bathroom|kitchen|UsedFor|cooking
outdoors|canada|IsA|nature-related
ground|corner|UsedFor|standing on
garden|windowsill|HasA|green plant
restaurant|families|IsA|place
kitchen|spoon|IsA|type of room
mexico|garden|IsA|nation
desk|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
cellar|shed|IsA|room in a home
warehouse|funeral|IsA|structure or building
happiness|contemplating|CapableOf|tell stories
thinking|class|PartOf|human mind
coats|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
house|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
hotel|freeway|IsA|business
school|person|IsA|type of building
bird|mountain|CapableOf|fly
apartment|town|IsA|house where man live
church|shed|IsA|place to pray
dog|park|AtLocation|inside a house
garden|street|MadeOf|organic brown matter
hotel|bar|IsA|building 
egypt|desert|IsA|location
people|apartment|IsA|looks like paypal 
chair|imagination|IsA|n item of furniture
dishwasher|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
pizza|market|IsA|type of food
asia|world|PartOf|the continent 
street|purse|IsA|place you can visit
bee|bathroom|CapableOf|fly
drawer|garage|IsA|furniture
lamp|music|IsA|physical and movable item
bathtub|building|HasProperty|found in a house
wedding|entertainment|UsedFor|overnight stays
bedroom|stomach|HasProperty|a room in a residence
university|color|HasProperty|related to studying
pen|nails|UsedFor|writing
desk|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
home|roof|IsA|place to sleep
kitchens|bar|IsA|type of room in houses
inspiration|stupid|IsA|n emotion
computer|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
mexico|workplace|IsA|country
school|concert|UsedFor|to get a degree
buildings|town|HasProperty|a gathering place
automobile|bedroom|CapableOf|move people
table|office|MadeOf|wood
trash|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
carrots|bathroom|IsA|food
anxiety|discovery|IsA|emotion
refrigerator|roof|UsedFor|storage
wallet|jar|HasProperty|to do with currency
laughter|like|IsA|activity
colorado|marmoset|IsA|state
apartment|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
chicken|fly|UsedFor|eating or drinking
windowsill|park|MadeOf|glass
bowl|supermarket|CapableOf| be moved
mountains|picture|PartOf|natural scenario
nostalgia|pain|IsA|emotion
problems|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
house|drugstore|IsA|place to sleep
america|world|PartOf|the continent 
bird|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
shoe|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
plate|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
seattle|arctic|PartOf|city
colorado|france|MadeOf|metal
office|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
library|home|CapableOf|provide a service
cabinet|food|UsedFor|storage
farmyard|grape|IsA|location
store|trunk|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
car|pool|UsedFor|transportation
cellar|trunk|IsA|structure or building
rain|street|HasProperty|related to water falling
street|sahara|AtLocation|at america
asia|ocean|PartOf|the continent 
chair|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
church|europe|AtLocation|in a building
bathtub|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
company|cave|IsA|business
garage|cellar|UsedFor|storing vehicles
valley|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
office|party|UsedFor|communication
aquarium|river|IsA|small body of water
street|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
hotel|chocolate|IsA|public building
enjoyment|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
jail|car|HasProperty|associated with drinking
radio|dust|CapableOf|make sounds
refrigerator|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
money|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
roof|home|IsA|specific part of a structure
suffering|agreement|IsA|reaction
table|cup|IsA|piece of furniture
car|manual|UsedFor|driving
soup|bowl|IsA|food
apartment|table|IsA|type /part of building
desk|case|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
desktop|ceiling|CapableOf|show you time
mexico|human|IsA|place
playground|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
paper|cabinet|UsedFor|writing in
city|farm|HasA|large population
horse|farmyard|IsA|object
tension|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
car|closet|HasProperty|an object
cabinet|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
england|ocean|IsA|country or state
rock|roof|PartOf|nature
outdoors|stream|MadeOf|trees
people|skin|IsA|looks like paypal 
pot|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
internet|store|UsedFor|reading
pride|controversy|IsA|happy card
fatigue|dancing|IsA|emotion
garden|windowsill|UsedFor|children to play
restaurant|tree|IsA|place or location
notebook|container|UsedFor|writing
church|human|UsedFor|a gathering of people
table|desktop|HasProperty|derived from wood
kitchen|cabinet|IsA|room
room|store|AtLocation|inside a person's home
school|workplace|UsedFor|children to study
freeway|trunk|UsedFor|car travel
closet|container|IsA|structure or building
internet|library|PartOf|publication
city|wilderness|IsA|man-made thing
clothing|trunk|HasProperty|an object
basement|cabinet|HasA|ceiling
pan|shop|CapableOf|cook
cabinet|glass|IsA|furniture
corner|frogs|AtLocation|in a home
desk|light|MadeOf|wood
chair|floor|IsA|place or location
canada|countryside|IsA|place you visit often
container|store|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
universe|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
sorrow|problems|IsA|emotion
sorrow|instruction|IsA|negative thing
university|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
soup|refrigerator|IsA|food
table|home|CapableOf|be easily carried
hallway|television|HasProperty|a room
clock|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
cabinet|outside|AtLocation|indoors
aquarium|valley|IsA|small body of water
museum|computer|IsA|room in a property
headache|listening|MadeOf|the human body
encyclopedia|restaurant|UsedFor|learning
museum|person|PartOf|building
wings|detroit|CapableOf|move freely
office|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
hairbrush|drugstore|AtLocation|in your room
bird|nest|CapableOf|fly
library|dust|IsA|place you can go
store|change|IsA|place you can visit
loft|bag|IsA|room in a home
creek|wilderness|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
restaurants|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
happiness|aggression|IsA|positive card
office|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
airport|microwave|CapableOf|employ people
stuff|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
refrigerator|plate|HasA|store edible items
beach|outdoors|UsedFor|swimming
hospital|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
michigan|human|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
museum|band|IsA|place
jail|magazine|IsA|room or building
restaurant|suburb|IsA|building
manual|television|HasProperty|a publication
backpack|nails|UsedFor|carrying things
kitchen|trash|IsA|place to make food
wilderness|sea|HasA|earth
library|hotel|IsA|object
michigan|beach|HasProperty|man-made
pantry|container|HasProperty|used for meals
concert|barn|IsA|music related event
jar|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
carpet|dance|UsedFor|furnishing a house
pain|nightmares|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
embarrassment|love|IsA|negative feeling
magazine|dentist|IsA|physical item 
dinner|stamps|UsedFor|eating
sadness|park|IsA|feeling
india|countryside|IsA|proper noun
glass|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
desk|place|HasA|legs
restaurant|beer|IsA|type of business
countryside|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
table|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
classroom|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
valley|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
disneyland|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
outside|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
market|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
cabinet|garage|AtLocation|indoors
garden|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
drugs|battle|UsedFor|recreation activity
battle|doctor|IsA|place
suffering|field|CapableOf|make you sad
desktop|snow|HasProperty|hot
bubblegum|purse|CapableOf|hold objects
alcohol|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
toilet|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
michigan|village|IsA|country or state
canada|sun|AtLocation|on map
garage|car|UsedFor|storing vehicles
birds|store|IsA|animal
plate|drawer|IsA|dish
food|box|CapableOf|be eaten
home|library|IsA|1 syllable  word
table|work|MadeOf|wood
restaurants|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
bedroom|outside|AtLocation|indoors
shelf|connection|AtLocation|library
farmyard|minnesota|PartOf|a house/home
school|dance|PartOf|building
hospital|park|IsA|building
windowsill|plants|MadeOf|glass
inspiration|stupid|HasA|positive connotation
lumberyard|synagogue|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
speaker|garage|IsA|human or part of human
bar|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
windowsill|ground|UsedFor|at home
restaurant|cupboard|IsA|building
australia|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
bedroom|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
backpack|utensils|UsedFor|storage
suburbs|desert|IsA|place where you can live
bedroom|cupboard|IsA|room
discomfort|car|IsA|n emotion
countryside|dictionary|IsA|place
table|dinner|IsA|piece of furniture
town|entertainment|AtLocation|on a map
food|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
desktop|newspaper|HasA|use electricity
bedroom|cabinet|IsA|room
home|trouble|MadeOf|walls and ceiling
shelf|speaker|MadeOf|a natural material
cabinet|trash|IsA|furniture
casino|groceries|IsA|type of business
utah|steakhouse|IsA|us state
paint|corner|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
confession|people|UsedFor|referring to humans
creek|stream|MadeOf|trees
valley|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
hotel|closet|HasA|bed for sleeping
trunk|clothing|UsedFor|to keep items
chairs|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
basement|cupboard|HasA|ceiling
table|clothing|UsedFor|storage
suburbs|house|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
outside|pantry|IsA|place to store items
refrigerator|beer|HasA|plug or power source
outside|nature|IsA|part of a property
fly|france|IsA|activity 
couch|airplane|PartOf|house 
montana|desert|PartOf|political geographical area
hospital|death|HasA|exterior walls
street|closet|MadeOf|asphalt
wilderness|cage|IsA|natural thing
aquarium|ocean|IsA|man made
clock|love|AtLocation|library
accomplishment|death|IsA|positive card
cupboard|field|CapableOf| be moved
library|paper|IsA|building
house|library|IsA|place you could sleep in
shock|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
jar|condiments|CapableOf|store things
instruction|crying|HasProperty|typically positive
television|building|IsA|physical and movable item
program|church|MadeOf|wood
drawer|trunk|UsedFor|keeping things inside
carrots|field|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
dinner|store|MadeOf|food
bar|jail|CapableOf|be closed
painting|cottage|HasA|outdoor scenery
school|desktop|IsA|building
couch|airport|PartOf|house 
hallway|theater|IsA|type of room
garage|bicycle|IsA|place
store|gate|IsA|business
paper|jar|IsA|school supply
television|closet|CapableOf|make sounds
desert|china|MadeOf|sand
mexico|band|IsA|nation symbol
bottle|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
knowledge|throne|UsedFor|learning
skin|opera|HasProperty|part of a human
circus|people|IsA|place or location
pocket|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
library|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
pantry|plate|HasA|store edible items
fulfillment|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
supermarket|room|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
trunk|clothing|UsedFor|storage
library|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
television|park|IsA|n electronic device
boat|fly|IsA|physical item 
rug|table|HasProperty|flat
pantry|bowl|UsedFor|storage
attic|bag|IsA|room in a home
table|window|MadeOf|wood
apartment|paperwork|IsA|building
television|information|IsA|something kept a home
humiliation|listening|IsA|emotion
valley|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
cup|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
bed|building|HasProperty|found in a house
table|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
smiles|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
injury|pride|HasA|physical appearance
stream|wilderness|IsA|1 syllable word
jail|homes|UsedFor|punishing people
carnival|peanuts|IsA|music related event
building|speaker|CapableOf|make a sound
homes|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
montana|people|IsA|place or location
candy|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
jail|dentist|IsA|room or building
park|snow|HasProperty|hot
synagogue|garage|UsedFor|worship
canada|countryside|IsA|nation
hospital|telephone|IsA|building
garage|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
opera|silence|UsedFor|live performances
hallway|conference|IsA|room in a house
backpack|briefcase|CapableOf|be worn
shelf|pantry|IsA|place to store items
shelf|dust|UsedFor|storage
closet|drawer|HasA|doors
ocean|chair|IsA|place of religion
love|communication|IsA|emotion
case|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
silverware|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
utensils|closet|HasProperty|an object
desk|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
airport|table|IsA|room or building
restaurant|house|UsedFor|washing
couch|lamp|UsedFor|sleeping on
refrigerator|room|PartOf|food and drink
cupboard|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
airport|ocean|UsedFor|a holiday
bathroom|restaurant|AtLocation|in a house
park|telephone|IsA|ground where child play
kitchen|garage|AtLocation|in a building
computer|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
couch|concert|UsedFor|sleeping on
cupboard|stuff|IsA|piece of furniture
china|newspaper|IsA|residential area
attic|closet|IsA|room in a home
person|demonstration|IsA|human or part of human
backyard|trees|UsedFor|children to play
pantry|condiments|CapableOf|store things
yard|mountains|HasProperty|part of your  house
church|synagogue|UsedFor|learning
chair|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
refrigerators|inside|AtLocation|in a house
hospital|wires|HasProperty|a property 
bedroom|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
theater|internet|IsA|location
embarrassment|love|IsA|reaction
restaurants|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
doctor|church|IsA|person
desk|building|UsedFor|furnishing a house
car|trunk|HasProperty|an object
store|loft|UsedFor|buying things
switzerland|outside|HasA|city inside
dictionary|burrow|HasProperty|found above ground
picture|burrow|HasA|multiple definitions
floor|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
school|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
factory|michigan|CapableOf|be made with bricks
cellar|trunk|IsA|room in a home
museum|woods|IsA|type of building
car|air|UsedFor|driving
auditorium|human|IsA|building
garage|garden|CapableOf|be made with bricks
stadium|school|UsedFor|sporting events
sea|windowsill|IsA|place
city|desert|UsedFor|expanding development
church|program|UsedFor|worship
synagogue|inside|IsA|place or location
wisconsin|fish|HasProperty|human made
closet|supermarket|HasProperty|a beverage
supermarket|table|IsA|location
learning|fulfillment|IsA|activity
warehouse|container|IsA|structure or building
blood|animals|PartOf|the human body
table|car|AtLocation|library
laughter|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
magazines|jail|IsA|physical item 
forest|sahara|AtLocation|at america
concert|people|HasA|ticket box usually
food|table|HasProperty|edible
florida|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
town|concert|IsA|place or location
beach|glass|HasProperty|hot
nature|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
jar|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
shelf|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
maze|gate|IsA|public place
cabinet|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
table|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
backyard|trouble|IsA|part of a house
playground|forest|UsedFor|children to play
opera|classroom|UsedFor|putting on a show
president|country|HasProperty|powerful
cupboard|window|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
underground|wilderness|AtLocation|below
laughter|embarrassment|UsedFor|manifesting joy
backpack|locker|CapableOf|be used for travel
table|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
office|bus|AtLocation|in your company
alcohol|manual|PartOf|food and drink
airport|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
nostalgia|depression|IsA|emotion
books|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
apartment|audience|IsA|location
heaven|chair|IsA|religious card
enjoyment|happiness|IsA|activity
school|apartment|UsedFor|formal learning
room|street|IsA|place
kitchen|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
communication|excitement|IsA|activity
building|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
school|outside|AtLocation|on the map
boat|valley|HasProperty|human made
wilderness|desert|HasProperty|wooded
montana|city|IsA|state
restaurant|jar|IsA|public building
disneyland|table|IsA|  place
road|outside|UsedFor|driving on or over
happiness|butterflies|CapableOf|tell stories
radio|mouth|IsA|electronic device
stomach|food|IsA|  place
suit|throne|UsedFor|wearing
bar|computer|UsedFor|storing things inside
street|china|CapableOf|be parked on
canada|yard|IsA|nation
mexico|church|IsA|country
america|region|PartOf|the continent 
room|water|PartOf|house
school|mind|PartOf|building
encyclopedia|hole|IsA|animal or book
restaurant|frogs|AtLocation|at a famous university
basement|university|PartOf|house
clock|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
hotel|mouth|IsA|place
michigan|computer|IsA|country or state
desert|newspaper|MadeOf|sand
garage|outside|IsA|room (type)
desert|captivity|IsA|location
bedroom|bathroom|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
carnival|people|HasA|ticket box usually
california|teapot|IsA|place people live
listening|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
montana|driveway|IsA|state
learning|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
bay|valley|HasA|3 letters
bed|castle|PartOf|house 
library|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
bank|wilderness|IsA|place to keep money
party|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
playground|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
candy|television|CapableOf|be eaten
pain|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
hospital|city|IsA|building
countryside|table|IsA|place or location
remembering|trauma|IsA|positive thing
crying|nostalgia|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
factory|garage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
basement|box|IsA|structure or building
restaurants|jail|PartOf|food and drink
montana|desert|IsA|location
bathroom|store|AtLocation|in a house
desktop|microwave|AtLocation|library
trash|warehouse|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
smiles|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
table|office|HasProperty|found in a house
table|movie|IsA|something you eat off
newspaper|desert|UsedFor|expanding development
cinema|conference|UsedFor|putting on a show
playground|forest|CapableOf|be man made
skyscraper|castle|PartOf|house 
theater|earth|IsA|event
enemies|death|HasProperty|about  clashes
music|germany|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
restaurant|trash|IsA|building
cabinet|museum|UsedFor|storage
closet|dinner|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
human|battle|UsedFor|recreation activity
california|tennessee|HasA|even number of letter
garden|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
supermarket|musical|IsA|place or location
food|desktop|HasProperty|edible
synagogue|book|IsA|building
china|yard|HasA|buildings in it
toilet|meeting|AtLocation|in bathroom
house|drawer|HasA|doors
windowsill|office|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
park|allergies|CapableOf|be physically touched
roof|sun|IsA|specific part of a structure
kitchens|condiments|IsA|location or room
garage|car|PartOf|house
desert|weather|IsA|type of land
basement|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
attic|boxes|IsA|room
mountains|wilderness|HasProperty|cold
nostalgia|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
university|humans|IsA|place you can visit
restaurant|europe|AtLocation|in a building
birds|homes|CapableOf|move freely
garage|outside|PartOf|house
attic|bed|IsA|store items
asia|picture|IsA|location
understanding|revelations|HasProperty|(usually) between/towards people
dictionary|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
store|box|IsA|structure or building
earth|theater|IsA|planet
classroom|desk|CapableOf|be used virtually 
pond|wilderness|HasA|water
dinner|newspaper|HasProperty|a meal
lamp|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
house|street|IsA|place where you can live
circus|chair|IsA|place of religion
desk|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
garage|bed|IsA|store items
school|ocean|IsA|building
countryside|sunshine|CapableOf|be currently visited
florida|key|IsA|place you can visit
mansion|bathroom|UsedFor| gathering together
stomach|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
shelf|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
ocean|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
sea|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
books|kitchen|CapableOf|be used for school
skyscraper|detroit|PartOf|house 
street|table|IsA|place or location
woods|lake|MadeOf|trees
sewer|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
pleasure|heart|IsA|feeling
locker|office|UsedFor|storage
prison|books|IsA|place
demonstration|apartment|UsedFor|learning
desktop|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
university|unemployment|IsA|place you can visit
trash|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
opera|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
gymnasium|person|HasA|roof
bird|carpet|HasA|animal
suburbs|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
fight|anger|HasA|physical element
ball|landfill|HasA|first letter b
countryside|cage|PartOf|natural landscape
enjoyment|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
kitchen|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
anxiety|cut|IsA|colorful
cellar|mouse|IsA|room (type)
restaurant|park|IsA|public building
party|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
shelf|conference|IsA|inanimate object
books|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
refrigerator|teapot|UsedFor|storing food
bathroom|detroit|PartOf|house 
office|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
monastery|chair|IsA|religious card
desert|suburbs|MadeOf|sand
funeral|hotel|IsA|event
purse|money|UsedFor|living
jar|ballpark|HasA|connection to food
greenhouse|trash|IsA|building
table|floor|HasProperty|an object
bathroom|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
cabinet|soup|UsedFor|storage
suburbs|sloth|IsA|place
greenhouse|mouse|IsA|building
utensils|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
dance|person|IsA|action
park|book|CapableOf|have people physically in it
harbor|river|UsedFor|transportation
knowledge|controversy|HasProperty|typically positive
excitement|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
backpack|nails|IsA|school supply
key|wallet|CapableOf|hold objects
cupboard|coffee|IsA|piece of furniture
desert|house|MadeOf|sand
kitchens|pantry|IsA|location or room
museum|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
refrigerator|apartment|CapableOf| be moved
ocean|auditorium|IsA|building
morgue|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
attic|windowsill|HasProperty|used for storage
cinema|town|HasProperty|a gathering place
computer|shop|IsA|n electronic device
trees|leaves|IsA|natural product or man made
church|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
silverware|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
fight|competing|CapableOf|create physical pain
restaurant|windowsill|IsA|place you can go
trees|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
school|jar|IsA|place
trauma|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
shock|instruction|IsA|negative thing
closet|clothing|UsedFor|storage
woods|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
celebrating|enjoyment|IsA|activity
montana|desert|IsA|american state
stable|antarctica|UsedFor| housing animals
anthology|market|IsA|something kept at home
africa|ocean|IsA|continent
ceiling|desk|AtLocation|above the ground
wilderness|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
table|shelf|HasProperty|an object
television|choir|IsA|electronic device
harbor|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
soup|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
attic|container|IsA|room (type)
chocolate|movies|UsedFor|eating
street|chair|IsA|place or location
dictionary|australia|CapableOf|be read
library|newspaper|IsA|room or building
cabinet|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
pride|controversy|IsA|feeling
wedding|mouth|IsA|event
tree|restaurant|IsA|place or location
computer|building|IsA|physical and movable item
telephone|bedroom|IsA|n electronic device
home|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
wall|ceiling|MadeOf|wood
case|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
competing|sweat|HasProperty|about  clashes
store|park|AtLocation|indoors
laughter|love|IsA|reaction
library|television|HasProperty|used for learning
telephone|park|IsA|n electronic device
lasagna|shelf|UsedFor|dinner
lasagna|ground|HasProperty|used at meal time
ground|garden|AtLocation|inside a home
telephone|bar|IsA|device used for working
wilderness|waterfall|HasA|earth
pond|ocean|IsA|small body of water
bathroom|home|UsedFor|sell things
vase|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
lamp|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
cabinet|bathroom|UsedFor|holding things
prison|wilderness|IsA|man-made thing
canada|beaver|IsA|country
peanuts|front|HasProperty|related to children
lemur|commercial|IsA|animal or book
table|window|IsA|furniture
encyclopedia|club|UsedFor|learning
dust|ground|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
kitchen|garage|HasProperty|a room
trunk|mail|UsedFor|storing physical things
container|shed|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
museum|outside|AtLocation|indoors
suburbs|universe|IsA|place
house|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
sewer|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
muscles|exercising|AtLocation|on the body
anger|punishment|IsA|emotion
contemplating|discovery|UsedFor|seeking an answer
dinner|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
glass|river|IsA|physical item 
garden|tree|HasProperty|man made
kitchen|chair|PartOf|house
nest|forest|HasProperty|man-made
bedroom|garage|AtLocation|in a building
injury|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
magazines|airport|IsA|physical item 
class|game|UsedFor|learning
store|cabinet|IsA|location
town|valley|HasA|1 syllable  word
carpet|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
airport|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
nostalgia|knowing|IsA|emotion
texas|utah|PartOf|the south
park|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
book|internet|MadeOf|paper
trees|field|MadeOf|wood
city|government|CapableOf|place
cage|sky|MadeOf|trees
supermarket|glass|HasA|edible items for sale
bowl|cabinet|IsA|dish
corner|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
restaurant|silverware|HasA|edible items for sale
stream|magazine|MadeOf|water
street|jar|IsA|place you can visit
injury|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
library|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
subdivision|countryside|UsedFor|expanding development
india|dictionary|IsA|place
stomach|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
museum|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
cupboard|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
book|information|UsedFor|studying
river|bed|IsA|place or location
boat|sea|HasProperty|human made
demonstration|kitchen|HasProperty|a public place
opera|supermarket|UsedFor| gathering together
person|garage|PartOf|the human body
street|summer|IsA|place
barn|office|UsedFor|fitness
home|nature|IsA|part of a house
airport|passageway|UsedFor|a holiday
cupboard|utensils|IsA|piece of furniture
container|store|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|hallway|CapableOf|be slept in
plate|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
loft|mail|IsA|room in a home
bathroom|forest|HasProperty|part of your  house
bird|roof|IsA|living thing
woods|wilderness|IsA|1 syllable word
grass|stick|HasProperty|green
conference|skin|HasProperty|an event
fire|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
grape|cupboard|IsA|sweet or savory
jar|backpack|UsedFor|storage
park|desktop|IsA|place
playground|town|UsedFor|children's play
university|church|UsedFor|learning
school|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
dishwasher|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
microwave|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
wall|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
library|jellyfish|UsedFor|reading
refrigerators|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
toilet|hotel|UsedFor|washing
confession|conference|IsA|religious card
movie|dishwasher|IsA|form of entertainment
church|basement|IsA|building
kitchen|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
lamp|room|HasProperty|white
mexico|factory|IsA|nation symbol
house|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
basement|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
bridge|fish|HasProperty|human made
kitchen|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
plane|barn|UsedFor|travel
room|sewer|IsA|private space
crying|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
bank|shelf|IsA|room
street|countryside|UsedFor|transportation
bed|library|HasProperty|found in a house
apartment|cinema|HasProperty|a type of home
shoes|london|IsA|something you can own
action|happiness|IsA|colorful
florida|money|IsA|place you can visit
pocket|purse|CapableOf|hold objects
table|michigan|IsA|furniture
notebook|library|IsA|object
show|doctor|UsedFor|recreation activity
crowd|lights|CapableOf|have people physically in it
cupboard|glass|HasProperty|furniture
cabinet|wall|UsedFor|storage
candy|park|CapableOf|be eaten
meeting|information|HasA|letter e in it
stream|sloth|MadeOf|water
bathroom|hallway|IsA|room
apartment|pot|IsA|building
clothing|shelf|HasProperty|an object
library|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
sink|bridge|UsedFor|in a bathroom
corner|windowsill|MadeOf|wood
airport|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
prison|countryside|IsA|man-made thing
pantry|wall|MadeOf|wood
laughter|love|IsA|activity
city|excavation|IsA|location
fire|building|CapableOf|move location
allergies|joy|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
stress|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
colorado|texas|MadeOf|metal
palace|cellar|IsA|type of building
cabinet|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
pantry|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
windowsill|lake|MadeOf|trees
table|window|HasProperty|furniture
sea|aquarium|IsA|place that humans can swim
carpet|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
trash|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
cellar|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
concert|crowd|IsA| event
plate|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
people|conference|HasProperty|alive
encyclopedia|stream|CapableOf|be read
ocean|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
laughter|tears|IsA|activity
newspaper|library|IsA|something kept a home
australia|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
dancing|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
books|glass|CapableOf|be used for school
box|car|AtLocation|inside a house
ceiling|bedroom|AtLocation|above the ground
house|moon|IsA|man made
dinner|house|MadeOf|food
drinking|love|IsA|activity
apartment|supermarket|IsA|home
basement|dance|IsA|room in a house
city|corporation|CapableOf|place
drawer|papers|IsA|furniture
car|sink|UsedFor|transportation
dance|class|IsA|action
disneyland|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
desktop|desk|CapableOf|be used virtually 
ground|windowsill|AtLocation|in your home
pantry|desktop|MadeOf|wood
table|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
drawer|dust|UsedFor|storage
clock|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
mountain|store|PartOf|natural landscape
india|wilderness|IsA|proper noun
talk|pride|UsedFor|communicating
music|confusion|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
store|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
sewer|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
india|suburbs|IsA|proper noun
refrigerator|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
skin|learning|MadeOf|the human body
sweat|aggression|HasA|physical element
asia|region|IsA|continent
room|roof|CapableOf|sleeping
bar|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
apartment|rug|IsA|type of building
restaurants|car|PartOf|food and drink
lemur|cage|IsA|animal
paper|office|IsA|school supply
yard|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
monastery|montana|IsA|religious card
bedroom|cellar|UsedFor|mainly sleep
oven|food|CapableOf|cook
river|encyclopedia|IsA|location
beach|sun|IsA|vacation destination
pantry|bar|MadeOf|metal
airport|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
empathy|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
tension|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
portfolio|classroom|UsedFor|reading
asia|ocean|IsA|continent
trouble|city|CapableOf|make you do something
ceiling|loft|PartOf|vehicle
porch|apartment|HasProperty|found in the garden
castle|human|CapableOf|be lived in
hotel|school|HasA|fee to visit
pain|knowledge|IsA|feeling/emotion
bathroom|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
apartment|room|IsA|type of building
weather|sahara|HasProperty|associated with the environment
bubblegum|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
auditorium|crowd|UsedFor|music
backpack|garden|AtLocation|in a home
enjoyment|happiness|UsedFor|hobbies
oven|stomach|MadeOf|metal
refrigerator|arboretum|IsA|place where people live
internet|library|HasA|letter e in it
car|drawer|CapableOf|allow you to travel
supermarket|town|IsA|place you buy food
outside|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
book|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
newspaper|television|CapableOf| be held in your hand
maze|connection|IsA|public place
audience|bathroom|HasProperty|alive
synagogue|desk|IsA|religious card
jar|water|IsA|man made
squirrel|garden|IsA|animal
apartment|buildings|HasProperty|a type of home
indiana|outside|IsA|country or state name
bedroom|outside|MadeOf|wood
car|water|CapableOf|be used as transport 
nostalgia|dream|IsA|emotion
bedroom|closet|IsA|place to live
pride|birds|IsA|colorful
street|trunk|AtLocation|on a map
money|trauma|HasProperty|typically positive
bedroom|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleep
bathroom|outside|HasA|roof
closet|attic|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
refrigerator|kitchen|CapableOf|store things
carpet|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
atlas|paper|UsedFor|reading
suburbs|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
mexico|yard|IsA|place you visit often
suburbs|city|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
allergies|park|CapableOf|happiness
jar|florida|UsedFor|living
river|boat|IsA|place that humans can swim
bird|cage|IsA|natural thing
television|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
kitchens|cheese|IsA|location or room
roof|classroom|PartOf|vehicle
airport|wall|IsA|public place
purse|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
utah|america|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
food|nails|CapableOf|be eaten
countryside|flowers|IsA|place or location
alabama|tennessee|IsA|country
kitchens|cup|IsA|location or room
money|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
school|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
hospital|telephone|HasProperty|a property 
jail|table|IsA|room or building
house|kitchen|IsA|building
pond|countryside|UsedFor|swimming
church|fun|IsA|place
smiles|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
monastery|desk|IsA|religious card
plants|greenhouse|HasProperty|found in a home
roof|temple|IsA|specific part of a structure
car|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
basement|exchange|IsA|room in a house
container|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
sweetness|tears|IsA|emotion
jail|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
chair|office|UsedFor|sitting on
drawer|utensils|UsedFor|storage
dictionary|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
wings|castle|CapableOf|move freely
thinking|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
mansion|conference|UsedFor|living inside of
humiliation|dancing|IsA|emotion
continent|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
case|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
sun|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
shelf|clock|MadeOf|a natural material
computer|program|IsA|physical and movable item
hospital|library|IsA|building
basement|box|IsA|room in a home
confusion|excitement|IsA|negative feeling or expression
drawer|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
cellar|boxes|IsA|structure or building
container|nails|UsedFor|carrying things
california|ficus|HasProperty|where someone can live
desk|trash|IsA|furniture
windowsill|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
newspaper|television|MadeOf|paper
television|ground|AtLocation|inside
anthology|nursery|IsA|something kept at home
competing|accomplishment|HasProperty|about  clashes
drugstore|loft|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
box|apartment|UsedFor|packing things inside
magazine|bed|UsedFor|reading
clothing|dentist|IsA|physical item 
shelf|trunk|HasProperty|a beverage
house|person|HasProperty|a type of building
building|company|IsA|public place
atlas|backpack|UsedFor|reading
utensils|dust|HasProperty|an object
desktop|office|UsedFor|fun
movie|europe|AtLocation|in a building
college|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
attic|cellar|IsA|room
restaurant|museum|UsedFor|storing things inside
convention|apartment|HasProperty|an event
desktop|desk|IsA|n electronic device
disneyland|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
pantry|condiments|UsedFor|keeping things cool
park|cleanliness|CapableOf|be physically touched
backyard|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
garage|porch|IsA|building
boat|harbor|IsA|physical item 
jungle|kennel|IsA|outdoor area
hotel|wedding|UsedFor|over night stays 
bedroom|drugstore|IsA|specific part of a structure
refrigerators|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
desk|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
universe|answer|HasProperty|related to planets
school|movies|IsA|public building
burrow|colorado|IsA|activity 
dinner|utensils|MadeOf|food
university|television|HasProperty|related to studying
school|table|IsA|building
pantry|food|IsA|location
oven|silverware|UsedFor|washing or cooking
television|library|HasA|letter e in it
kitchen|nails|IsA|location
show|university|UsedFor|recreation activity
cave|hotel|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
home|doctor|IsA|room or building
dishwasher|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
circus|opera|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
container|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
laughter|pain|IsA|reaction
casino|action|IsA|place you can visit
countryside|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
sunshine|glass|HasProperty|hot
soup|ocean|UsedFor|eating or drinking
hospital|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
television|dust|CapableOf|make sounds
casino|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
kitchen|home|HasProperty|related to eating
school|factory|IsA|job
library|boat|UsedFor|reading
elevator|opera|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
drawer|floor|IsA|furniture
cabinet|paper|UsedFor|storage
synagogue|notebook|IsA|building
classroom|desktop|IsA|place of learning
mouse|dishwasher|CapableOf|storing food
shock|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
bird|box|IsA|living thing
desk|forest|AtLocation|in the home or  office
sorrow|problems|IsA|feeling/emotion
wings|detroit|UsedFor|eating
warehouse|shed|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
bedroom|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
city|sun|CapableOf|place
clouds|dust|AtLocation|in the sky
food|backpack|CapableOf|be eaten
airplane|homes|CapableOf|move freely
shoe|city|AtLocation|inside a house
windowsill|garden|MadeOf|glass
party|museum|UsedFor|fun
school|human|IsA|type of building
cabinet|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
ceiling|house|HasProperty|white
motel|basement|IsA|building
blanket|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
table|porch|CapableOf|be easily carried
beach|box|PartOf|natural landscape
homes|birds|CapableOf|be lived in
montana|suburb|IsA|state
television|song|IsA|electronic device
carpet|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
desert|sunbathers|IsA|place
apartment|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
bridge|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
vase|flowers|UsedFor|storing items
cabinet|shelf|HasA|doors
bedroom|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
groceries|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
garden|ground|IsA|place
love|entertainment|IsA|n emotion
auditorium|park|UsedFor|music
museum|television|IsA|type of building
attic|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
basement|trunk|IsA|structure or building
sun|country|IsA|object/thing
ficus|california|IsA|type of tree
bowl|disneyland|IsA|dish
television|magazine|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
purse|store|IsA|thing you have on person
drawer|clothes|MadeOf|wood
carpet|frogs|AtLocation|at a famous university
building|town|HasA|walls
purse|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
wisconsin|continent|HasProperty|human made
roof|box|PartOf|physical structure
convention|people|IsA|place
encyclopedia|chair|UsedFor|viewing/reading
pen|conference|UsedFor|writing
bridge|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
food|movies|UsedFor|eating
beach|park|IsA|vacation destination
ocean|country|MadeOf|water
street|air|HasProperty|man made
drawer|dinner|IsA|piece of furniture
sea|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
valley|continent|HasA|water
fulfillment|listening|IsA|emotion
movies|humans|IsA|place you can visit
apartment|bed|AtLocation|on the map
hospital|suburb|IsA|business that serves food
backpack|window|CapableOf|be used for school
restaurant|stomach|HasA|edible items for sale
store|plate|IsA|place
shelf|bedroom|UsedFor|holding things
mansion|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
salad|carrots|UsedFor|healthy eating
bathroom|person|PartOf|building
sloth|universe|IsA|animal or book
television|books|HasProperty|singular
table|garage|AtLocation|indoors
bridge|toilet|UsedFor|link between places
body|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
store|dinner|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
embarrassment|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
radio|car|CapableOf| be held in your hand
plants|park|HasProperty|found in a home
windowsill|bedroom|UsedFor|holding things
notebook|cabinet|UsedFor|writing in
stuff|backpack|UsedFor|eating
church|human|IsA|place
desk|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
house|greenhouse|HasProperty|found in a home
chair|drawer|PartOf|house
plants|roof|AtLocation|outside
elevator|dance|PartOf|building
bathroom|woods|IsA|room in a property
basement|garage|UsedFor|storage
house|windowsill|AtLocation|outside
texas|steakhouse|IsA|us state
food|field|HasProperty|edible
jail|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
basement|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
room|human|HasA|usually have people inside
ocean|heaven|IsA|place of religion
marmoset|countryside|IsA|animal or book
ocean|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
music|elevator|CapableOf|be performed
apartment|supermarket|UsedFor| gathering together
cabinet|woods|AtLocation|in a building
maine|valley|IsA|country or state
relaxation|excitement|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
convention|synagogue|UsedFor|learning
newspaper|connection|AtLocation|library
bathroom|park|HasProperty|part of your  house
trauma|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
dinner|information|HasProperty|a meal
chairs|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
supermarket|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
shelf|roof|AtLocation|indoors
garage|arboretum|IsA|place where people live
jail|hotel|UsedFor|criminals
washington|canada|IsA|american state
colorado|mountains|MadeOf|metal
kitchen|table|HasProperty|a room in a residence
school|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
elevator|war|PartOf|building
action|discovery|IsA|colorful
house|paperwork|HasProperty|a type of building
trees|countryside|IsA|natural product or man made
backpack|classroom|UsedFor|carrying things
river|sea|HasA|salty water
america|country|PartOf|the continent 
college|computer|IsA|place of formal education
dishwasher|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
bowl|bathroom|HasProperty|related to eating
yard|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
supermarket|cupboard|IsA|location
cupboard|supermarket|CapableOf| be moved
magazine|table|UsedFor|reading 
dinner|television|HasProperty|a meal
chicken|river|UsedFor|eating or drinking
pantry|shower|HasA|door
defeat|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
bridge|mexico|HasProperty|made by humans
motel|party|HasProperty|a place you can work
supermarket|earth|IsA|place you buy food
roadway|town|UsedFor|transportation
desk|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
street|trunk|UsedFor|car travel
forest|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
library|map|IsA|building
store|hospital|IsA|business
conference|tent|HasProperty|an event
refrigerators|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
knowledge|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
pain|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
hallway|church|IsA|room in a house
information|store|UsedFor|reading
pocket|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
wilderness|bay|CapableOf|be walked on
money|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
lamp|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
refrigerators|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
excitement|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
garage|car|IsA|place
mexico|backyard|IsA|nation
store|human|AtLocation|indoors
field|horse|IsA|location
confession|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
desert|yard|MadeOf|sand
kitchen|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
basement|wedding|IsA|place or location
bedroom|office|PartOf|house
salad|field|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
airport|love|IsA|public place
condiments|container|IsA|type of food
utensils|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
house|auditorium|UsedFor|sleeping
restaurant|human|HasProperty|child friendly
michigan|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
table|floor|UsedFor|storage
car|house|CapableOf|allow you to travel
palace|outside|HasA|roof
desktop|table|MadeOf|metal
moon|jar|PartOf|the galaxy
doctor|aircraft|IsA|job
bearing|landfill|HasA|first letter b
market|rug|IsA|type /part of building
answer|box|IsA|reply to a question
trunk|store|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
carrots|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
synagogue|concert|HasProperty|a type of property
room|sky|AtLocation|at a home
closet|television|HasA|opening or door
wilderness|dictionary|IsA|place
backpack|house|HasProperty|an object
computer|couch|MadeOf|wood
injury|discovery|HasA|physical appearance
building|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
church|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
house|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
idaho|universe|IsA|place you can visit
street|safe|AtLocation|on a map
africa|friend|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
church|wedding|UsedFor|learning
table|shop|IsA|physical item 
pond|fish|HasA|water
restaurant|bed|AtLocation|on the map
vase|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
hospital|office|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
dinner|meeting|HasProperty|a meal
cabinet|porch|IsA|furniture
wall|library|HasProperty|found in a house
leaves|ground|IsA|stone
information|library|AtLocation|on a shelf
bubblegum|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
purse|florida|UsedFor|living
sorrow|crying|IsA|emotion
hotel|garage|HasA|fee to visit
notebook|conference|HasProperty|sold in stores
restaurant|bedroom|IsA|business that serves food
backyard|persia|PartOf|house
wilderness|bay|HasA|earth
kitchen|porch|IsA|place to make food
enemies|sweat|HasProperty|about  clashes
kitchen|refrigerator|IsA|type of room in houses
plane|lights|UsedFor|travel
wilderness|snow|IsA|place
factory|aircraft|MadeOf|by man
painting|bathroom|IsA|object
florida|wilderness|IsA|proper noun
shoe|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
dictionary|sloth|CapableOf|be read
drawer|window|HasProperty|furniture
maine|building|IsA|us state
university|car|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
store|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
house|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
happiness|field|IsA|emotion
table|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
sun|desk|MadeOf|energy
jar|wallet|UsedFor|living
disneyland|container|IsA|  place
kitchens|plate|IsA|type of room in houses
restaurant|street|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
picture|microwave|AtLocation|library
thinking|lightning|IsA|emotion
motel|television|IsA|building
clouds|closet|AtLocation|in the sky
refrigerator|cup|UsedFor|keeping things cool
embarrassment|problems|IsA|emotion
forest|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
museum|library|HasProperty|visited by tourists
backyard|floor|IsA|garden
coats|lamp|HasProperty|item of clothing
wedding|conference|IsA|social event
bread|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
elevator|mind|PartOf|building
restaurant|rug|AtLocation|on the map
doctor|table|CapableOf|provide a service
drawer|box|IsA|furniture
refrigerator|party|PartOf|food and drink
supermarket|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
mouth|box|IsA|part of the body
refrigerators|stove|HasA|store edible items
building|desk|IsA|type of room
book|head|HasProperty|related to studying
bedroom|garage|HasProperty|a room
porch|restaurant|HasProperty|found in the garden
bathroom|house|IsA|room in a property
hallway|television|IsA|room in a property
france|dictionary|IsA|place
attic|street|PartOf|house
bedroom|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
continent|bay|HasA|earth
table|synagogue|IsA|place or location
backpack|briefcase|CapableOf|be used for travel
flowers|nursery|IsA|something kept at home
refrigerator|classroom|IsA|object
house|cellar|HasProperty|a type of building
forest|cage|IsA|natural thing
yard|countryside|CapableOf|be man made
car|street|UsedFor|transportation
clock|shelf|CapableOf|show you time
confession|people|HasA|ticket box usually
bathroom|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
people|convention|UsedFor|buying food
store|boxes|IsA|structure or building
backpack|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
exhaustion|arguments|CapableOf|happiness
funeral|families|IsA|event
onions|bar|IsA|type of food
india|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
movie|game|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
university|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
park|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
desktop|church|MadeOf|wood
bar|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
wall|connection|AtLocation|library
garden|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
shoe|nebraska|HasProperty|something you can carry
texas|marmoset|IsA|place
convention|montana|UsedFor|learning
enjoyment|entertaining|IsA|emotion
happiness|car|IsA|n emotion
wilderness|sky|MadeOf|trees
office|floor|HasProperty|a type of building
dishwasher|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
cupboard|pantry|MadeOf|wood
depression|knowledge|IsA|emotion
supermarket|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
injury|action|HasA|physical appearance
mansion|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
skin|dancing|MadeOf|the human body
beach|landfill|HasA|first letter b
bar|house|IsA|room in a property
backpack|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bedroom|carpet|IsA|type of room
hospital|company|IsA|public place
food|stomach|HasProperty|edible
notebook|jar|UsedFor|writing
city|train|AtLocation|on a map
basement|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
pantry|roof|AtLocation|indoors
shelf|roof|IsA|room
park|ground|UsedFor|children to play
cabinet|desktop|MadeOf|wood
ceiling|backyard|CapableOf|be painted
canada|desert|IsA|country
hallway|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
jail|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
change|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
hallway|corner|IsA|type /part of building
happiness|injury|IsA|emotion
refrigerator|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
workplace|band|IsA|type of building
india|desert|IsA|country
stamps|stuff|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
bedroom|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
product|demonstration|CapableOf|be purchased
like|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
room|apartment|PartOf|single housing unit
bedroom|state|AtLocation|inside a house
library|inside|IsA|building
enjoyment|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
jar|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
table|stamps|UsedFor|eating
pantry|floor|UsedFor|food
enjoyment|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
drinking|entertaining|IsA|activity
backyard|outdoors|CapableOf|be man made
america|countryside|IsA|proper noun
nostalgia|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
desk|place|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
cage|commercial|AtLocation|at a zoo
subdivision|desert|UsedFor|expanding development
rug|park|AtLocation|inside a house
utensils|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
sun|moon|HasProperty|hot
computer|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
backpack|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
auditorium|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
bar|supermarket|UsedFor|entertaining
town|city|IsA|residential area
trauma|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
kitchen|house|UsedFor|cooking
university|garden|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
book|classroom|UsedFor|reading
coats|ocean|IsA|item of clothing
park|party|IsA|place children play
backpack|locker|CapableOf|be worn
leaves|trees|IsA|stone
happiness|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
refrigerator|table|HasA|store edible items
house|staircase|HasProperty|a type of building
shoe|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
newspaper|encyclopedia|IsA|part media
fulfillment|skin|IsA|emotion
bee|michigan|IsA|living thing
laughter|communication|UsedFor|manifesting joy
park|party|IsA|ground where child play
jail|college|UsedFor|criminals
opera|war|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
pocket|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
restaurant|park|AtLocation|on the map
clock|connection|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
food|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
church|chair|IsA|religious card
kitchens|bread|IsA|location or room
russia|hole|IsA|place
car|manual|CapableOf|be entered
jar|answer|UsedFor|containing objects
trash|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
kitchen|woods|IsA|room in a property
supermarket|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
bathroom|wings|PartOf|house 
school|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
seaside|wilderness|IsA|man-made thing
homes|human|IsA|type of building
love|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
attic|trash|IsA|room in a home
park|office|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
countryside|encyclopedia|IsA|place
shelf|field|HasProperty|made of wood
synagogue|museum|UsedFor|religious services
building|library|IsA|place where people live
computer|yard|AtLocation|in your company
mouth|chocolate|IsA|part of the body
woods|nature|IsA|1 syllable word
michigan|human|IsA|state in usa
airport|cave|HasA|airplanes
beach|ball|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
refrigerator|pantry|UsedFor|cooling things
casino|container|IsA|type of business
passageway|bathroom|IsA|public place
sea|pond|HasA|3 letters
argument|sweat|HasProperty|about  clashes
stove|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
rain|forest|HasProperty|related to water falling
basement|funeral|IsA|structure or building
countryside|commercial|CapableOf|be currently visited
mouth|food|IsA|part of the body
drinking|excitement|IsA|activity
canada|village|IsA|country or state
museum|classroom|IsA|type of building
outdoors|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
australia|heaven|IsA|country
boat|theater|CapableOf|float
depression|problems|IsA|emotion
cellar|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
movie|desk|IsA|form of entertainment
synagogue|office|IsA|religious card
jar|front|UsedFor|containing objects
cellar|container|IsA|room in a home
restaurant|desk|UsedFor|serving food
pantry|soup|UsedFor|storage
hairbrush|building|AtLocation|in your room
enjoyment|smiles|IsA|emotion
car|supermarket|UsedFor|driving
pennsylvania|mountain|IsA|location
stuff|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
garden|storage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
laughter|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
demonstration|building|UsedFor|announcing something
house|roof|IsA|place to sleep
purse|key|HasProperty|to do with currency
cat|home|MadeOf|living parts
cabinet|pantry|IsA|furniture
carpet|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
air|forest|IsA|brand
plate|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
restaurant|inside|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
building|concert|HasProperty|a type of property
chair|airport|IsA|item of furniture
bathroom|vase|IsA|room
speaker|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
funeral|movies|IsA|event
atlas|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
excitement|pride|IsA|mental state
skin|apartment|UsedFor|buying food
house|bread|CapableOf|be entered
coffee|michigan|UsedFor|eating
cinema|supermarket|UsedFor| gathering together
classroom|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
cabinet|table|UsedFor|storage
people|opera|UsedFor|buying food
dishwasher|books|HasProperty|furniture
bedroom|floor|IsA|type of room
table|desktop|CapableOf|be held with one hand
books|florida|CapableOf|be read
attic|shed|IsA|room in a home
discovery|lightning|HasProperty|used to drive in
backpack|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
laughter|listening|IsA|emotion
bed|office|HasProperty|found in a house
manual|dust|IsA|necessity for education
enemies|tension|HasA|physical element
fleas|carpet|HasA|animal
dentist|table|CapableOf|provide a service
library|magazine|IsA|room or building
pennsylvania|mountain|HasProperty|a country
joy|relaxation|IsA|feeling
valley|desert|MadeOf|trees
plate|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
bedroom|wall|MadeOf|wood
movie|suit|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
mouth|television|AtLocation|on/in the human body
synagogue|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
radio|corner|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
ceiling|air|HasProperty|white
garage|garbage|PartOf|house
condiments|plate|IsA|type of food
town|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
refrigerator|garden|IsA|object
mountains|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
garage|toilet|IsA|building
happiness|death|IsA|positive card
apartment|ficus|IsA|place people live
closet|dust|UsedFor|to keep items
shoes|city|IsA|something you can own
refrigerator|outside|UsedFor|storage
kitchen|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
shoe|valley|HasProperty|something you can carry
table|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
apartment|demonstration|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
butterflies|thinking|IsA|colorful
wedding|train|UsedFor|overnight stays
table|desktop|MadeOf|wood
injury|thinking|IsA|physical damage to the body
table|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
factory|human|IsA|type of building
supermarket|container|IsA|location
roadway|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
audience|theater|HasProperty|alive
rug|place|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
apartment|theater|IsA|place where people live
clothes|dust|HasProperty|an object
people|earth|IsA|looks like paypal 
classroom|television|HasA|usually have people inside
reflection|birds|IsA|emotion
backpack|book|CapableOf|be worn
shelf|anthology|UsedFor|storing items
freeway|company|IsA|public place
laugh|barn|IsA|sound
cat|nature|IsA|animal
embarrassment|remembering|IsA|emotion
ocean|paperwork|AtLocation|with water
clouds|attic|AtLocation|in the sky
museum|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
museum|desktop|IsA|building
college|church|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
school|hole|CapableOf|be currently visited
magazines|table|UsedFor|reading 
park|people|IsA|place or location
plate|microwave|IsA|dish
restaurant|river|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
death|argument|IsA|physical outcome
refrigerators|food|CapableOf|store things
disneyland|street|IsA|geographic location
classroom|bar|HasProperty|a room
market|pizza|IsA|location or room
cabinet|utensils|IsA|furniture
internet|television|UsedFor|reading
supermarket|theater|IsA|place you buy food
windowsill|ground|AtLocation|in a home
nature|floor|MadeOf|living parts
market|table|IsA|location or room
neighborhood|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
michigan|wine|IsA|us state
thinking|performing|IsA|emotion
wedding|internet|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
theater|classroom|UsedFor|putting on a show
drinking|smiles|IsA|activity
toronto|snore|IsA|place
dinner|trash|UsedFor|eating
shoes|car|AtLocation|inside a house
colorado|mountains|HasA|car
company|car|CapableOf|employ people
hotel|jar|IsA|place
market|friends|IsA|type /part of building
tears|field|CapableOf|make you sad
garage|street|CapableOf|be lived in
montana|street|IsA|place where you can live
hotel|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
kitchen|mouse|IsA|place to make food
china|countryside|IsA|residential area
warehouse|closet|IsA|place
furniture|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
computer|garden|HasA|first letter c
trees|ground|PartOf|nature
fear|butterflies|IsA|negative emotion
desk|encyclopedia|UsedFor|storage of physical items
park|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
highway|outside|UsedFor|driving on or over
california|outside|IsA|place
pizza|kitchens|IsA|type of food
arboretum|refrigerator|HasProperty|where someone can live
laughter|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
paint|closet|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
park|unemployment|IsA|place you can visit
synagogue|bed|IsA|place or location
laughter|pain|UsedFor|manifesting joy
roof|corner|MadeOf|wood
school|commercial|CapableOf|be currently visited
restaurant|minnesota|IsA|business that serves food
bar|cheese|IsA|location or room
hotel|office|IsA|building
garage|highway|CapableOf|be lived in
bedroom|container|IsA|room in a building
classroom|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
refrigerator|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
cabinet|encyclopedia|UsedFor|storage of physical items
supermarket|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
papers|garage|AtLocation|in bathroom
closet|fun|PartOf|house
bedroom|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
cup|inside|AtLocation|in a house
book|office|UsedFor|reading
colorado|texas|HasA|car
bedroom|home|IsA|specific part of a structure
money|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
school|human|PartOf|man body
manual|newspaper|UsedFor|reading
garbage|outside|AtLocation|indoors
yard|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
jar|church|UsedFor|living
store|canada|UsedFor|driving 
school|skate|PartOf|building
notebook|jar|IsA|school supply
fire|roof|CapableOf|move location
excitement|smiles|IsA|emotion
cellar|staircase|HasProperty|a room in a building
soup|river|IsA|physical item 
cabinet|backpack|UsedFor|storage
cinema|town|UsedFor|putting on a show
church|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
church|street|IsA|place to be entertained
box|families|IsA|object
cabinet|roof|AtLocation|indoors
church|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
hotel|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
car|medium|UsedFor|transportation
wilderness|universe|CapableOf|be currently visited
cupboard|dust|UsedFor|storage
plate|apartment|IsA|dish
seattle|weather|IsA|brand
trauma|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
desktop|glass|MadeOf|metal
restaurant|city|IsA|business that serves food
cabinet|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
performing|lightning|IsA|emotion
hallway|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
driveway|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
television|information|IsA|thing you can touch
happiness|defeat|IsA|positive card
house|telephone|IsA|building
telephone|party|IsA|n electronic device
yard|swimming|HasProperty|man made
bedroom|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
office|backpack|UsedFor|writing
restaurant|town|IsA|business that serves food
russia|heaven|IsA|country
books|meeting|MadeOf|paper
street|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
windowsill|snow|HasProperty|hot
garden|garage|UsedFor|generating products or plants
ground|attic|AtLocation|on the floor
school|doctor|PartOf|man body
theater|street|IsA|place to be entertained
apartment|theater|HasProperty|a type of home
headache|thinking|IsA|physical state
country|bay|HasProperty|human made
couch|human|PartOf|house 
windowsill|carpet|HasProperty|part of a building
closet|room|UsedFor|storage
table|furniture|MadeOf|wood
michigan|love|IsA|state in usa
hospital|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
mouse|apartment|CapableOf|storing food
door|windowsill|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
hospital|computer|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
forest|commercial|IsA|place
sink|house|UsedFor|in a bathroom
talk|satisfaction|IsA|verb
room|ground|AtLocation|at a home
glass|pantry|IsA|object
pocket|cabinet|CapableOf|be worn
bathroom|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
circus|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
university|street|IsA|place
class|throne|IsA|place people can meet
cellar|car|IsA|place
bird|michigan|CapableOf|fly
wisconsin|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
library|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
library|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
house|ocean|HasProperty|a type of building
refrigerator|container|UsedFor|keeping things cool
concert|park|HasA|ticket box usually
church|garden|UsedFor|worship
stress|excitement|IsA|negative feeling or expression
valley|wisconsin|HasA|water
sadness|pleasure|IsA|emotion
alcohol|air|PartOf|food and drink
condiments|pantry|IsA|type of food
chair|office|IsA|n item of furniture
shelf|table|MadeOf|metal
street|wood|IsA|place or location
ocean|mess|AtLocation|with water
library|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
library|computer|IsA|room
trees|swamp|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
attic|carpet|HasProperty|used for storage
school|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
museum|house|IsA|room in a property
action|reflection|IsA|colorful
water|harbor|IsA|physical item 
chicken|harbor|IsA|physical item 
internet|books|HasA|letter e in it
cinema|internet|IsA|location
table|glass|IsA|furniture
books|library|AtLocation|on a shelf
bathroom|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
corner|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
excitement|fun|IsA|emotion
universe|encyclopedia|IsA|place
pantry|plate|UsedFor|keeping things cool
book|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
office|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
supermarket|bottle|HasA|door
hospital|corner|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
shelf|outside|MadeOf|wood
earth|synagogue|IsA|planet
entertaining|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
shelf|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
shelf|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
school|computer|IsA|location
car|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
dinner|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
control|city|CapableOf|make you do something
park|rosebush|IsA|outdoor area
street|sahara|HasProperty|associated with the environment
refrigerators|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
hotel|telephone|IsA|place
convention|conference|IsA|place
books|kitchen|IsA|object
bay|aquarium|IsA|place that humans can swim
market|corner|HasProperty|a public place
school|notebook|IsA|building
cup|container|HasProperty|used for meals
apartment|human|HasA|usually have people inside
university|warehouse|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
hotel|passageway|IsA|business
park|human|IsA|place you visit
garage|museum|UsedFor|storing cars 
cupboard|dishes|IsA|furniture
outdoors|bird|MadeOf|trees
storage|michigan|AtLocation|in united states
room|church|PartOf|house
plate|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
cellar|car|PartOf|house
synagogue|demonstration|HasProperty|a type of property
death|demonstration|PartOf|the human body
jar|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
party|telephone|IsA|list of alphabets
continent|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
building|bathroom|IsA|public place
airport|maze|HasA|airplanes
speaker|building|UsedFor|announcing something
grape|farmyard|IsA|object
basement|container|IsA|room in a building
doctor|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
cat|garbage|PartOf|house
closet|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
river|boat|HasA|water
erections|death|PartOf|human body
jar|soup|UsedFor|storage
refrigerator|kitchen|UsedFor|cooling things
toilet|apartment|UsedFor|storing things inside
closet|container|HasProperty|a beverage
museum|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
bathroom|house|AtLocation|in a building
bedroom|computer|HasProperty|a room
sea|boat|IsA|place that humans can swim
school|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
computer|demonstration|UsedFor|reading and studying
car|classroom|CapableOf|move location
drawer|table|CapableOf|be opened
seattle|street|IsA|geographic location
table|funeral|MadeOf|wood
suffering|communication|IsA|reaction
table|store|AtLocation|in a home
table|stuff|IsA|piece of furniture
restaurant|pot|IsA|type of business
museum|park|UsedFor|education
toilet|papers|CapableOf|opened or closed
countryside|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
stamps|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
door|office|HasProperty|found in a house
paper|nails|UsedFor|carrying things
church|florida|IsA|place of worship
classroom|toilet|HasProperty|a room
body|earth|UsedFor|buying food
ballpark|rosebush|IsA|outdoor area
garage|disneyland|IsA|room
store|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
opera|people|IsA|location
maine|backyard|IsA|us state
kitchen|television|IsA|room in a property
wood|inside|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
container|shelf|UsedFor|storing things in
school|mexico|PartOf|man body
valley|nebraska|IsA|part of a municipality
auditorium|school|HasA|fee to visit
butterflies|pride|HasA|physical appearance
table|refrigerator|IsA|piece of furniture
funeral|city|IsA| event
buildings|car|IsA|location
nightmares|death|HasProperty|related to sleep
crying|sorrow|IsA|something a baby could have
bed|building|MadeOf|wood
doorway|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
skate|carnival|IsA|action
garage|bar|UsedFor|car repair
death|house|PartOf|the human body
house|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
pantry|refrigerator|MadeOf|metal
carpet|wood|IsA|place or location
table|kitchens|IsA|piece of furniture
cellar|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
television|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
house|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
bedroom|toilet|HasProperty|a room
condiments|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
people|supermarket|IsA|looks like paypal 
supermarket|montana|UsedFor|buying food
driveway|yard|UsedFor|transportation
building|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
stable|ranch|UsedFor|housing animals
bird|forest|IsA|living thing
celebrating|like|IsA|activity
bread|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
cave|airport|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
sorrow|crying|IsA|feeling/emotion
stuff|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
backyard|kennel|IsA|outdoor area
love|entertainment|IsA|emotion
pain|knowledge|IsA|negative feeling
highway|town|UsedFor|driving on or over
blanket|michigan|HasProperty|something you can carry
bathroom|nest|PartOf|house
lemur|countryside|IsA|animal or book
apartment|house|IsA|room in a property
hallway|churchyard|AtLocation|indoors
river|boat|IsA|place or location
internet|bathroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
roadway|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
utensils|box|UsedFor|eating
dinner|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
table|jar|UsedFor|serving dinner
concert|building|IsA|sound
hotel|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
warehouse|garden|CapableOf|be made with bricks
bedroom|museum|HasProperty|a room
apartment|montana|IsA|house where man live
building|chairs|IsA|type of room
carnival|mind|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
arizona|mountains|AtLocation|labeled on a map
library|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
church|change|IsA|place you can visit
clock|connection|AtLocation|library
jar|store|UsedFor|storage
woods|nature|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
pride|relaxation|IsA|feeling
burrow|wilderness|IsA|activity 
countryside|bird|MadeOf|trees
junk|bed|IsA|store items
jar|peanuts|UsedFor|containing objects
attic|dust|HasProperty|used for storage
backyard|pond|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
enjoyment|skin|IsA|emotion
kitchen|moon|CapableOf|be currently visited
valley|boat|HasA|water
relaxation|thinking|IsA|physical state
apartment|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
car|air|CapableOf|be entered
lamp|television|HasProperty|1 syllable
blanket|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
door|window|MadeOf|wood
field|hole|IsA|place
corporation|city|HasProperty|powerful
restaurant|refrigerator|IsA|building
drawer|closet|HasProperty|an object
cage|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
moss|ground|IsA|living/once living
kitchen|toilet|IsA|place to make food
classroom|demonstration|PartOf|admin role
remembering|shock|HasProperty|typically positive
backpack|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
action|jar|CapableOf|hold objects
effort|discipline|CapableOf|cause injury
happiness|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
stamps|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
conference|god|UsedFor|praying
trauma|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
cupboard|window|HasProperty|furniture
bedroom|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
classroom|desktop|CapableOf|contain multiple people
encyclopedia|shelf|UsedFor|viewing/reading
town|countryside|UsedFor|children to play
basement|concert|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
cupboard|garage|AtLocation|indoors
house|school|UsedFor|housing
playground|field|UsedFor|playing
nursery|vase|IsA|place or location
computer|apartment|PartOf|admin role
bank|ground|HasA|feet to stand 
chicken|garage|UsedFor|eating or drinking
information|television|UsedFor|reading
dancing|excitement|IsA|physical emotion
table|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
theater|supermarket|UsedFor| gathering together
meeting|game|HasA|person stood at the front
coats|store|IsA|item of clothing
lake|cage|IsA|natural thing
bedroom|classroom|IsA|place to sleep
country|trouble|IsA|organization 
refrigerator|oven|CapableOf|store things
restaurant|street|IsA|business that serves food
apartment|mess|HasProperty|a building to live in
wedding|skin|IsA|place
newspaper|color|IsA|part media
suburb|state|IsA|part of a municipality
wisconsin|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
kennel|dog|UsedFor|transport
notebook|classroom|IsA|school supply
ceiling|wall|AtLocation|above the ground
house|highway|CapableOf|be lived in
birds|action|CapableOf|fly
pizza|desktop|HasProperty|edible
couch|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
bar|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
motion|discipline|CapableOf|cause injury
cage|nature|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
bedroom|hospital|IsA|place to live
class|movie|HasA|person stood at the front
suburb|michigan|IsA|part of a municipality
sadness|communication|IsA|feeling
birds|action|HasA|physical appearance
ceiling|classroom|PartOf|vehicle
purse|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
roadway|desert|CapableOf|be parked on
closet|street|HasA|first letter c
castle|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
field|punishment|MadeOf|one syllable
elevator|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
den|jar|HasA|door
utah|building|IsA|us state
restaurant|toilet|IsA|building
pantry|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
classroom|woods|IsA|room in a property
park|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
pool|harbor|IsA|physical item 
trauma|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
garage|toilet|UsedFor|car repair
pot|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
potatoes|store|IsA|sweet or savory
church|purse|IsA|place you can visit
enjoyment|excitement|UsedFor|hobbies
shoe|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
newspaper|wall|MadeOf|paper
california|seaside|IsA|proper noun
defeat|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
inside|table|IsA|  place
pocket|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
room|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
door|library|HasProperty|found in a house
knowledge|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
candy|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
church|tent|UsedFor|learning
town|pond|IsA|place you visit often
woods|cabinet|UsedFor|storing things inside
shelf|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
anger|panic|IsA|negative emotion
paper|conference|UsedFor|carrying things
corner|pantry|IsA|place to store items
lasagna|product|UsedFor|dinner
lake|desert|IsA|1 syllable word
house|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
porch|beach|MadeOf|wood
cupboard|books|IsA|furniture
toilet|garage|AtLocation|in a building
dishes|pantry|IsA|object
countryside|subdivision|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
street|key|IsA|place you can visit
shelf|antarctica|IsA|room
book|information|MadeOf|paper
floor|trouble|IsA|part of a house
supermarket|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
office|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
music|bathroom|CapableOf|be performed
kitchen|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
chocolate|food|HasProperty|sweet
casino|shelf|IsA|type of business
church|wedding|IsA|planet
basement|cupboard|IsA|room
hotel|school|HasA|bed for sleeping
cupboard|supermarket|AtLocation|in a kitchen
plants|windowsill|AtLocation|outside
restaurant|beach|UsedFor|serving food
office|paperwork|HasProperty|a type of building
supermarket|opera|UsedFor|buying food
bed|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
maine|hallway|IsA|country or state
elevator|skate|PartOf|building
stomach|plate|IsA|  place
factory|garden|CapableOf|be made with bricks
beach|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
wallet|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
pride|fun|IsA|feeling
thinking|head|HasProperty|related to studying
tree|inside|IsA|place or location
squirrel|store|IsA|animal
china|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
ground|corner|MadeOf|organic brown matter
street|moon|HasProperty|hot
jail|drawer|IsA|room or building
supermarket|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
drawer|apartment|IsA|furniture
classroom|nails|IsA|place where students learn
bedroom|windowsill|IsA|room
head|meeting|PartOf|the human body
bridge|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
cellar|container|IsA|room (type)
office|corner|IsA|type /part of building
trunk|warehouse|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
airport|home|CapableOf|provide a service
nature|bed|IsA|store items
continent|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
garage|roof|UsedFor|storage
creek|desert|IsA|1 syllable word
magazines|dentist|IsA|physical item 
doorway|airplane|PartOf|house 
dust|ground|AtLocation|in a home
embarrassment|communication|IsA|reaction
neighborhood|countryside|IsA|residential area
market|bedroom|HasProperty|a public place
theater|mansion|UsedFor|putting on a show
funeral|wall|IsA|ceremony
university|head|HasProperty|related to studying
money|shock|HasProperty|typically positive
garbage|drawer|HasProperty|smelly and dirty
country|ocean|HasProperty|human made
closet|landfill|AtLocation|indoors
demonstration|barn|UsedFor|teaching
utensils|backpack|UsedFor|eating
paper|teacher|IsA|school supply
suburb|city|IsA|residential area
farm|city|UsedFor|milking cows
backpack|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
woods|wilderness|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
kitchen|outside|IsA|room
drawer|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
restaurants|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
home|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
stamps|table|IsA|1 syllable word
club|clothing|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
driveway|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
candy|movies|CapableOf|be eaten
television|windowsill|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
river|chair|IsA|place or location
library|cabinet|UsedFor|viewing/reading
building|demonstration|HasProperty|a type of property
bedroom|television|AtLocation|in a building
bathroom|woods|HasProperty|a room
airplane|house|CapableOf|move location
ocean|monastery|IsA|place of religion
apartment|library|IsA|building
person|animals|PartOf|the human body
country|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
america|dirt|PartOf|the continent 
attic|fun|PartOf|house
college|jail|UsedFor|studying in
bedroom|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
knowledge|problems|HasProperty|typically positive
shock|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
sun|classroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
farm|motel|UsedFor|milking cows
bubblegum|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
arizona|mountains|IsA|state
kitchen|corner|IsA|type /part of building
ceiling|rug|CapableOf|be painted
bathtub|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
lamp|building|IsA|physical and movable item
supermarket|audience|IsA|location
office|valley|AtLocation|indoors
contemplating|cut|IsA|emotion
anger|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
house|computer|UsedFor|housing
pain|sorrow|IsA|something a baby could have
suffering|sweetness|CapableOf|make you sad
building|theater|IsA|place where people live
laughter|crying|UsedFor|manifesting joy
television|meeting|IsA|thing you can touch
stove|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
silverware|kitchen|MadeOf|metal
voice|radio|AtLocation|on/in the human body
cabinet|jar|MadeOf|wood
office|paper|IsA|building
yard|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
party|car|AtLocation|inside a house
ocean|montana|IsA|place of religion
love|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
cupboard|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
pennsylvania|playground|HasProperty|a country
montana|theater|IsA|planet
bedroom|shelf|IsA|room
mess|paperwork|HasProperty|a type of building
cupboard|window|IsA|furniture
pleasure|controversy|IsA|happy card
map|paper|CapableOf|be used for travel
building|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
mexico|backyard|IsA|place you visit often
synagogue|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
suburbs|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
kitchen|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
dancing|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
synagogue|library|HasProperty|religious
cage|desert|MadeOf|trees
drawer|dinner|IsA|furniture
house|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
television|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
restaurant|light|UsedFor|serving food
house|temple|IsA|place to sleep
information|meeting|PartOf|human mind
closet|mail|IsA|structure or building
kitchen|house|IsA|room in a property
hotel|school|UsedFor|a holiday
bottle|pot|MadeOf|metal
shelf|sink|IsA|furniture
happiness|action|CapableOf|tell stories
people|tent|IsA|looks like paypal 
shock|crying|IsA|feeling/emotion
school|stream|IsA|place
desk|sun|HasProperty|found in the house
oven|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
class|meeting|UsedFor|learning
bar|bedroom|IsA|business that serves food
bathroom|museum|UsedFor|urination
newspaper|bed|UsedFor|reading 
dinner|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
meeting|color|IsA|group action
desktop|couch|MadeOf|wood
chair|montana|IsA|n item of furniture
sloth|commercial|IsA|animal or book
papers|meeting|AtLocation|in bathroom
table|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
dictionary|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
excitement|tears|HasProperty|a positive emotion
store|tree|HasProperty|man made
change|key|HasProperty|to do with currency
cupboard|store|UsedFor|storage
information|store|CapableOf|be alive
classroom|cabinet|CapableOf|contain multiple people
flat|town|IsA|something you can own
garage|cabinet|IsA|room in a building
refrigerator|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
switzerland|barnyard|IsA|animal
bed|school|PartOf|house 
restaurant|outdoors|HasA|walls
voice|choir|AtLocation|on/in the human body
house|trunk|HasA|door
theater|jar|IsA|place you can visit
bathroom|table|IsA|room
school|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
suburbs|cage|IsA|place
inside|jar|IsA|  place
classroom|kitchen|UsedFor|reading
alabama|louisiana|IsA|country
trash|bowl|CapableOf|cooking
roadway|yard|UsedFor|transportation
countryside|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
porch|universe|MadeOf|wood
oven|cupboard|UsedFor|washing or cooking
university|airport|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
classroom|supermarket|UsedFor| gathering together
cinema|wedding|UsedFor|putting on a show
ocean|world|MadeOf|water
street|town|CapableOf|be parked on
enjoyment|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
school|closet|IsA|building
bathroom|hallway|UsedFor|urination
thinking|relaxation|UsedFor|seeking an answer
restaurant|bar|IsA|type of business
barn|telephone|UsedFor|fitness
television|library|HasA|screen
bed|birds|PartOf|house 
grape|store|IsA|sweet or savory
problems|instruction|IsA|negative thing
flat|city|IsA|something you can own
car|airplane|HasProperty|capable of burning you
pen|briefcase|IsA|school supply
dinner|clothes|UsedFor|to keep items
backpack|shelf|HasProperty|an object
relaxation|contemplating|IsA|physical state
market|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
disneyland|confession|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
school|apartment|IsA|building
briefcase|office|UsedFor|storage
school|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
music|person|CapableOf|be performed
book|meeting|IsA|thing you can touch
roadway|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
cupboard|sink|HasA|door
house|floor|HasProperty|a type of building
school|room|IsA|building
skin|synagogue|HasProperty|part of a human
pennsylvania|mountain|HasA|city inside
television|program|IsA|physical and movable item
church|carpet|IsA|type of room
bridge|valley|HasProperty|human made
apartment|kitchen|HasProperty|a type of building
basement|carpet|IsA|place or location
michigan|city|IsA|country or state
carrots|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
opera|conference|IsA|place
ceiling|building|AtLocation|in your room
market|kitchen|HasProperty|a public place
ground|park|AtLocation|inside a home
concert|theater|IsA| event
warehouse|water|PartOf|house
backpack|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
restaurant|television|IsA|type of building
attic|car|PartOf|house
class|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
garden|cupboard|IsA|location
university|street|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
container|teacher|UsedFor|carrying things
forest|sky|MadeOf|trees
excitement|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
cupboard|drawer|HasA|doors
books|meeting|HasProperty|a publication
magazine|car|UsedFor|news
bedroom|chairs|IsA|type of room
bedroom|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
bubblegum|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
cupboard|porch|IsA|furniture
library|park|AtLocation|indoors
pocket|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
kitchen|table|HasA|store edible items
library|demonstration|UsedFor|reading and studying
wallet|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
god|office|IsA|religious card
backpack|notebook|CapableOf|be worn
computer|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
fear|action|IsA|negative emotion
carpet|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
sink|ocean|IsA|man made
bread|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
lasagna|store|HasProperty|used at meal time
pizza|cup|IsA|type of food
restaurant|trunk|IsA|type of business
discovery|fear|HasProperty|used to drive in
shelf|kitchen|IsA|furniture
ballpark|space|HasProperty|related to children
human|heaven|CapableOf|move freely
school|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
closet|car|PartOf|house
underground|marmoset|AtLocation|below
classroom|desk|CapableOf|contain multiple people
bathtub|street|HasA|feet to stand 
michigan|work|IsA|country or state
trauma|problems|IsA|negative feeling
attic|box|IsA|place
street|action|IsA|place you can visit
ground|plants|AtLocation|inside a home
jail|human|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
office|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
restaurant|field|HasA|edible items for sale
bee|windowsill|IsA|living thing
city|sea|HasProperty|human made
dog|carpet|HasA|animal
laughter|dancing|IsA|emotion
seattle|forest|IsA|type of place
classroom|woods|IsA|room
church|concert|UsedFor|worship
bedroom|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
birds|school|CapableOf|move freely
table|case|UsedFor|eating
information|meeting|UsedFor|reading
church|chairs|IsA|type of room
airport|passageway|HasA|airplanes
church|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
trash|porch|CapableOf|cooking
water|puddle|IsA|physical item 
california|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
onions|kitchen|IsA|type of food
bedroom|computer|IsA|room in a property
store|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
depression|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
restaurant|countryside|HasA|walls
control|sun|HasProperty|powerful
bed|home|IsA|physical item 
loft|box|IsA|structure or building
bedroom|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
attic|boxes|IsA|structure or building
table|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
trauma|nightmares|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
shop|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
contemplating|pride|IsA|emotion
jail|school|UsedFor|sleeping
picture|canada|AtLocation|at a party
movies|families|IsA|object
bathroom|music|PartOf|building
table|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
cage|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
pot|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
mexico|human|IsA|country
happiness|performing|IsA|emotion
restaurant|garden|HasA|walls
key|purse|CapableOf|hold objects
plate|trash|UsedFor|eating food off
library|park|HasProperty|a place you can work
casino|pantry|IsA|type of business
jail|party|UsedFor|sleeping
concert|building|IsA|music related event
school|park|AtLocation|on the map
house|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
inspiration|trauma|IsA|positive thing
church|apartment|IsA|planet
radio|corner|CapableOf|make sounds
restaurant|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
morgue|school|PartOf|the human body
michigan|trash|IsA|place
anger|satisfaction|IsA|negative feeling or expression
ceiling|chair|AtLocation|above the ground
entertaining|happiness|IsA|activity
knowledge|clothing|UsedFor|learning
table|carpet|HasProperty|furniture in a house
mouth|restaurant|IsA|part of the body
town|classroom|UsedFor|living inside of
garden|greenhouse|HasA|green plant
table|picture|MadeOf|wood
lake|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
hospital|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
pocket|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
refrigerators|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
opera|audience|IsA|location
laughter|communication|IsA|reaction
france|marmoset|AtLocation|below
desk|utensils|IsA|furniture
apartment|california|IsA|building
passageway|wall|IsA|public place
house|bathroom|HasA|roof
shelf|pantry|IsA|furniture
headache|action|IsA|physical state
candle|basement|HasProperty|white
cabinet|coffee|IsA|piece of furniture
garage|human|UsedFor|storing things
library|college|IsA|object
horse|washington|IsA|object
mexico|building|IsA|place you visit often
oven|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
asia|america|IsA|continent
ball|field|HasA|first letter b
vase|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
garage|refrigerator|HasProperty|where someone can live
garage|building|UsedFor|parking cars
ontario|books|PartOf|north america
nature|rug|MadeOf|living parts
castle|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
church|conference|IsA|religious card
supermarket|bowl|IsA|location
garage|windowsill|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
encyclopedia|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
school|lake|IsA|place
crying|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
switzerland|ranch|IsA|animal
lamp|speaker|UsedFor|lighting up a room
airport|freeway|HasA|airplanes
exercising|discipline|HasProperty|a physical activity
table|bar|IsA|piece of furniture
skin|convention|UsedFor|buying food
stuff|stamps|UsedFor|eating
street|arctic|PartOf|city
bar|onions|IsA|location or room
bathroom|exchange|IsA|room in a house
shelf|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
cupboard|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
attic|universe|MadeOf|wood
bubblegum|change|IsA|thing you have on person
cellar|water|IsA|place
church|throne|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
pennsylvania|outside|HasProperty|a country
encyclopedia|vase|IsA|necessity for education
injuries|aggression|HasA|physical element
auditorium|garage|HasA|fee to visit
effort|battle|IsA|positive card
bar|office|UsedFor|fun
panic|stress|IsA|five-letter word
hallway|apartment|HasProperty|a room
house|conference|IsA|inanimate object
space|answer|HasProperty|related to planets
wedding|television|IsA|event
beach|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
school|jail|HasProperty|child friendly
disneyland|glass|HasProperty|hot
bathroom|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
ceiling|floor|AtLocation|above the ground
refrigerator|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
hospital|garage|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
crying|controversy|IsA|something a baby could have
microwave|computer|AtLocation|in a kitchen
shop|home|CapableOf|provide a service
garage|computer|IsA|room in a property
demonstration|mouth|CapableOf|make a sound
telephone|voice|IsA|electronic device
dust|store|MadeOf|wood
apartment|woods|IsA|type of building
cabinet|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
garden|shelf|IsA|place
toilet|cabinet|UsedFor|storing things inside
jar|food|UsedFor|storage
cabinet|books|HasProperty|furniture
newspaper|university|IsA|part media
love|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
table|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
street|safe|UsedFor|car travel
toronto|floor|IsA|place
house|car|HasA|doors
sugar|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
depression|nightmares|IsA|emotion
computer|bathtub|HasA|first letter c
playground|mexico|HasProperty|made by humans
classroom|teacher|IsA|place people can visit
highway|town|CapableOf|be drived on with car
ocean|apartment|AtLocation|with water
cabinet|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
closet|bar|UsedFor|storing things in
maine|indiana|MadeOf|fiber
carrots|market|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
bowl|bathroom|UsedFor|serving
person|hospital|PartOf|the human body
europe|throne|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
kitchen|container|IsA|room
desert|city|MadeOf|sand
embarrassment|laughter|IsA|feeling
sweat|anger|HasA|physical element
attic|dust|HasA|opening or door
wilderness|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
valley|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
shelf|apartment|IsA|furniture
space|front|HasA|to do with planets
backpack|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
ocean|god|IsA|place of religion
kitchen|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
windowsill|ground|PartOf|building
california|alabama|HasA|even number of letter
cup|park|AtLocation|inside a house
desk|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
freeway|love|IsA|public place
alcohol|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
birds|park|IsA|animal
supermarket|air|CapableOf|be entered
playground|bearing|UsedFor|playing
america|seaside|IsA|proper noun
street|wedding|IsA|place or location
store|excavation|UsedFor|driving 
bread|clouds|PartOf|food and drink
backpack|store|UsedFor|carrying things
restaurant|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
cupboard|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
cupboard|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
map|office|CapableOf|be used for travel
sink|window|HasProperty|furniture
restaurant|wood|IsA|place or location
park|trees|CapableOf|be man made
book|backpack|UsedFor|reading
tree|street|IsA|place or location
tears|sweetness|CapableOf|make you sad
classroom|building|UsedFor|reading
accomplishment|fight|IsA|positive card
kitchen|store|HasProperty|related to eating
store|furniture|IsA|building
refrigerator|supermarket|CapableOf| be moved
embarrassment|instruction|IsA|emotion
television|book|IsA|part media
maine|churchyard|IsA|country or state
microwave|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking food
greenhouse|refrigerator|IsA|building
library|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
ficus|arboretum|IsA|type of tree
kitchen|home|AtLocation|in a house
house|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
bottle|can|MadeOf|metal
books|dishes|CapableOf|be used for school
nature|room|MadeOf|living parts
kitchen|cup|IsA|type of room in houses
park|internet|CapableOf|have people physically in it
house|table|IsA|building
garden|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
happiness|stress|IsA|positive card
magazines|shop|IsA|physical item 
accomplishment|tension|IsA|positive card
wedding|earth|IsA|event
hotel|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
classroom|backpack|IsA|place of learning
purse|church|UsedFor|living
roof|kitchen|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
library|book|IsA|building
neighborhood|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
trunk|dust|UsedFor|to keep items
bread|cup|IsA|type of food
encyclopedia|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
love|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
motion|discipline|HasA|m at the beginning
store|desert|HasProperty|man made
chair|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
anger|punch|IsA|emotion
church|auditorium|IsA|religious card
airport|kitchen|HasProperty|a public place
floor|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
disneyland|summer|IsA|place
president|trouble|HasProperty|powerful
chocolate|box|CapableOf|be eaten
desktop|shelf|UsedFor|viewing/reading
city|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
potatoes|market|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
kitchen|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
jar|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
tree|river|IsA|place or location
neighborhood|house|HasA|buildings in it
case|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
car|kitchen|CapableOf|move people
montana|canada|PartOf|america
bread|air|PartOf|food and drink
universe|cage|IsA|place
stick|pond|IsA|living/once living
information|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
opera|theater|HasProperty|a place expressly for singing
trauma|remembering|IsA|negative feeling
garage|desktop|MadeOf|wood
ocean|region|MadeOf|water
money|nightmares|HasProperty|typically positive
hotel|house|IsA|public place
shelf|corner|UsedFor|storage
hallway|house|AtLocation|in a building
park|elevator|IsA|place where you can visit
airplane|castle|CapableOf|move freely
pantry|refrigerator|IsA|type of room in houses
nursery|anthology|IsA|place or location
california|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
closet|shelf|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
shoe|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
school|war|HasA|exterior walls
mexico|building|IsA|nation
potatoes|grape|IsA|vegetable 
bowl|supermarket|AtLocation|in a home
jail|bar|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
dictionary|freeway|CapableOf|be read
plants|ground|UsedFor|at home
celebrating|fun|IsA|physical emotion
wall|outside|AtLocation|indoors
sorrow|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
airport|heaven|CapableOf|fly
fear|reflection|IsA|emotion
opera|earth|IsA|event
classroom|museum|HasProperty|a room
park|birds|HasProperty|man made
museum|homes|HasProperty|visited by tourists
anger|sweetness|IsA|emotion
box|liquid|UsedFor|storage
toilet|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
television|knowledge|HasA|screen
birds|castle|CapableOf|move freely
television|meeting|PartOf|the human body
casino|purse|IsA|place you can visit
laugh|person|IsA|sound
china|montana|HasProperty|a country
classroom|school|PartOf|admin role
fleas|house|HasA|animal
onions|table|IsA|type of food
florida|prison|IsA|proper noun
problems|trauma|IsA|something a baby could have
russia|field|IsA|country
countryside|desert|HasA|buildings in it
supermarket|bar|IsA|type of business
jail|church|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
street|floor|IsA|place or location
playground|trash|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
table|demonstration|UsedFor|furniture
school|hotel|IsA|place of learning
container|pot|UsedFor|storage
beach|trees|UsedFor|swimming
office|bedroom|IsA|n electronic device
basement|outside|IsA|room (type)
florida|forest|IsA|proper noun
park|roof|HasA|green plant
refrigerator|bottle|HasA|plug or power source
food|park|UsedFor|eating
desktop|corner|IsA|n electronic device
cat|house|IsA|a animal
market|product|IsA|type of shop
groceries|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
california|picture|IsA|country or state name
coats|hospital|HasProperty|item of clothing
skate|germany|IsA|action
death|funeral|PartOf|the human body
carnival|people|IsA|place or location
window|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
reflection|pride|HasA|physical appearance
universe|stream|IsA|place
fire|loft|CapableOf|move location
greenhouse|ground|AtLocation|outside
blood|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
book|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
table|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
dictionary|countryside|IsA|animal or book
dancing|empathy|IsA|activity
anxiety|cut|IsA|emotion
empathy|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
sugar|cabinet|UsedFor|cooking
home|classroom|IsA|place to sleep
key|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
bedroom|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
inspiration|depression|IsA|positive thing
birds|cut|IsA|animal
office|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
pocket|store|IsA|thing you have on person
warehouse|street|IsA|place
canada|switzerland|AtLocation|in north america
bed|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
cupboard|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
stove|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
conference|cabinet|IsA|place people can visit
silence|radio|IsA|tv show
bathroom|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
supermarket|container|IsA|type of business
classroom|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
basement|dance|IsA|type of room
bedroom|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
toilet|water|IsA|man made
food|pride|HasA|physical appearance
city|president|CapableOf|place
kitchen|museum|IsA|room
stove|condiments|CapableOf|cook things
body|synagogue|HasProperty|part of a human
office|jar|UsedFor|writing
space|ballpark|HasA|to do with planets
garden|television|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
boredom|cleanliness|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
workplace|elevator|IsA|place you visit
mouth|demonstration|IsA|human or part of human
fly|wilderness|IsA|activity 
auditorium|lights|CapableOf|have people physically in it
pantry|food|UsedFor|storage
supermarket|synagogue|IsA|place you buy food
pocket|library|CapableOf|be worn
potatoes|field|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
book|university|UsedFor|studying
cabinet|plate|IsA|furniture
lasagna|ground|CapableOf|be purchased
summer|snow|HasProperty|hot
wedding|town|HasProperty|an event
loft|apartment|PartOf|single housing unit
school|love|HasProperty|child friendly
classroom|briefcase|IsA|place where students learn
nostalgia|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
plate|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
garage|shed|UsedFor|storing vehicles
classroom|cabinet|HasA|walls
restaurant|suit|IsA|place people can meet
bed|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
school|moon|CapableOf|be currently visited
wood|street|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
happiness|argument|IsA|positive card
bottle|trunk|MadeOf|metal
lightning|performing|HasA|physical appearance
school|staircase|IsA|type of building
michigan|utah|IsA|state that starts with m
hotel|box|IsA|place
embarrassment|dancing|IsA|emotion
drawer|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
office|atlas|IsA|building
apartment|television|IsA|room in a property
refrigerator|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
countryside|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
house|universe|CapableOf|be currently visited
nightmares|instruction|IsA|negative thing
house|paperwork|IsA|building
school|good|PartOf|building
magazines|library|IsA|physical item 
coats|school|IsA|item of clothing
information|book|UsedFor|news
skin|church|HasProperty|part of a human
atlas|classroom|UsedFor|reading
home|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
house|demonstration|MadeOf|a natural material
ball|street|UsedFor|playing
florida|seaside|IsA|proper noun
dust|ground|AtLocation|inside
michigan|stamps|IsA|place
backpack|suburb|HasProperty|something you can carry
lake|cage|MadeOf|water
toilet|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
park|desk|IsA|ground where child play
microwave|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
lamp|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
fear|food|IsA|negative emotion
paper|conference|IsA|school supply
disneyland|snow|HasProperty|hot
monastery|circus|IsA|religious card
garage|room|UsedFor|storing vehicles
bottle|groceries|MadeOf|metal
people|convention|IsA|looks like paypal 
water|medium|UsedFor|eating or drinking
newspaper|company|AtLocation|library
book|desktop|UsedFor|reading
meeting|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
bedroom|house|AtLocation|in a building
trash|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
mexico|forest|IsA|nation
hospital|party|IsA|building 
bee|roof|IsA|living thing
basement|boxes|IsA|room in a building
den|shelf|HasA|door
church|body|IsA|place
bedroom|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
discovery|relaxation|UsedFor|driving
pantry|bottle|UsedFor|storage 
company|desktop|CapableOf|employ people
bedroom|office|IsA|room in a house
morgue|house|PartOf|the human body
class|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
freeway|safe|AtLocation|on a map
montana|canada|IsA|american state
sailboat|closet|AtLocation|with water
city|bay|HasProperty|human made
hospital|house|HasA|front desk
sun|hope|MadeOf|energy
street|tree|IsA|place or location
cabinet|outside|UsedFor|storage
joy|talk|IsA|mental state
apartment|hallway|CapableOf|be slept in
monastery|imagination|IsA|religious card
office|briefcase|UsedFor|writing
cabinet|sewer|IsA|room (type)
museum|backpack|IsA|building
injuries|effort|HasProperty|about  clashes
room|warehouse|AtLocation|inside a person's home
convention|montana|HasProperty|an event
australia|desert|IsA|country
florida|maine|IsA|part of the south
canada|building|IsA|place you visit often
money|jar|CapableOf|hold objects
dishes|kitchen|IsA|object
doctor|park|IsA|person
embarrassment|nightmares|IsA|emotion
problems|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
building|theater|IsA|type of room
radio|ground|CapableOf|make sounds
playground|landfill|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
park|movies|IsA|place
library|safe|UsedFor|studying
switzerland|playground|HasA|city inside
boat|ocean|IsA|physical item 
office|apartment|PartOf|admin role
synagogue|death|HasA|exterior walls
house|jar|HasA|door
person|garage|IsA|human or part of human
garage|person|HasA|exterior walls
canada|books|PartOf|political geographical area
jail|human|IsA|place
skate|class|IsA|action
bedroom|corner|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
bank|street|HasA|feet to stand 
motel|train|UsedFor|over night stays 
school|movies|IsA|place
hospital|school|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
street|change|IsA|place you can visit
house|dinner|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
school|cellar|HasProperty|a type of building
salad|bowl|UsedFor|healthy eating
sink|harbor|IsA|physical item 
university|demonstration|UsedFor|reading and studying
home|corner|IsA|type /part of building
bar|pizza|IsA|location or room
shelf|car|AtLocation|library
enjoyment|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
supermarket|earth|UsedFor|buying food
fear|food|IsA|emotion
restaurant|playground|HasA|walls
box|sky|HasProperty|man-made
bee|cage|CapableOf|fly
drawer|sink|IsA|furniture
office|shop|IsA|n electronic device
airport|school|CapableOf|fly
skyscraper|human|PartOf|house 
blanket|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
fox|louisiana|HasA|start with a
kitchen|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
picture|connection|AtLocation|library
fun|favors|IsA|enjoyable
god|chair|IsA|religious card
kitchen|refrigerators|CapableOf|cook
problems|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
stove|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
newspaper|table|MadeOf|paper
kitchen|outside|AtLocation|indoors
confession|town|HasA|ticket box usually
school|confusion|PartOf|building
squirrel|roof|IsA|animal
refrigerator|home|UsedFor|storing food
encyclopedia|desk|CapableOf|be used virtually 
russia|lemur|IsA|place
museum|television|IsA|room in a property
countryside|store|PartOf|natural landscape
airport|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
street|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
skin|entertaining|MadeOf|the human body
bedroom|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
church|hallway|HasA|a bath
tent|skin|IsA|place
books|india|CapableOf|be read
countryside|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
backpack|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
convention|opera|HasProperty|an event
motel|telephone|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
furniture|warehouse|AtLocation|inside a person's home
market|burger|IsA|location or room
apartment|opera|IsA|house where man live
university|unemployment|HasProperty|something you can touch
bowl|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
regret|joy|IsA|verb
electricity|silence|UsedFor|powering other things
dinner|field|PartOf|the human body
skin|opera|UsedFor|buying food
discovery|butterflies|HasProperty|used to drive in
airport|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
california|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
carrots|cellar|IsA|food
mountains|rock|HasProperty|in a cold climate
sadness|heart|IsA|feeling
ceiling|rain|HasProperty|white
cafe|university|IsA|drink
sloth|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
pocket|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
forest|playground|IsA|nature-related
stamps|case|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
montana|subdivision|IsA|residential area
drawer|floor|CapableOf|be easily carried
trees|field|IsA|natural product or man made
television|library|IsA|something kept a home
instruction|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
supermarket|people|IsA|place or location
refrigerators|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
garden|clothing|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
wall|ceiling|PartOf|building a house
dirt|corner|MadeOf|organic brown matter
crying|instruction|IsA|negative thing
remembering|sorrow|IsA|positive thing
blanket|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
jail|bed|IsA|room or building
bedroom|disneyland|IsA|room
restaurant|backyard|HasA|walls
lemur|desert|IsA|animal
hairbrush|ceiling|CapableOf|move location
attic|funeral|IsA|room in a home
refrigerator|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
internet|magazine|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
desk|sailboat|UsedFor|sitting on
cupboard|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
forest|restaurant|IsA|nature-related
book|meeting|AtLocation|on a shelf
supermarket|synagogue|UsedFor|buying food
bowl|home|AtLocation|in a house
television|color|PartOf|the human body
montana|house|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
pride|frustration|IsA|happy card
plate|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
locker|cabinet|HasA|walls
empathy|dancing|IsA|emotion
supermarket|car|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
blanket|state|AtLocation|inside a house
wedding|food|IsA|event
computer|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
refrigerator|apartment|UsedFor|storing food
suburb|minnesota|IsA|part of a municipality
trees|building|IsA|nature-related
synagogue|carpet|IsA|place or location
fight|sweat|HasProperty|about  clashes
refrigerator|ficus|UsedFor|storing food
supermarket|jar|IsA|location
jail|church|UsedFor|sleeping
office|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
oven|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
television|dinner|IsA|part media
classroom|locker|IsA|place of learning
bedroom|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
antarctica|stable|IsA|animal
closet|shelf|HasA|doors
purse|key|UsedFor|living
doctor|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
ocean|human|IsA|building
maine|park|MadeOf|fiber
maine|canada|IsA|us state
casino|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
disneyland|weather|IsA|brand
desk|ocean|IsA|n item of furniture
countryside|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
concert|church|MadeOf|wood
apartment|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
dinner|closet|MadeOf|food
dancing|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
dancing|smiles|IsA|physical emotion
cinema|classroom|UsedFor|putting on a show
chair|inside|IsA|place or location
store|furniture|HasA|ceiling
school|germany|PartOf|building
school|cellar|IsA|type of building
dictionary|commercial|CapableOf|be read
building|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
happiness|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
countryside|universe|IsA|place
bridge|moon|IsA|man made
wilderness|hole|HasProperty|wooded
store|airport|IsA|business
desk|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
bedroom|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
government|country|HasProperty|powerful
communication|love|IsA|activity
house|kitchen|HasProperty|a type of building
convention|town|UsedFor|learning
toronto|furniture|IsA|place
basement|closet|IsA|place
trash|telegram|IsA|something kept a home
shoe|nebraska|AtLocation|inside a house
country|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
city|town|HasA|large population
florida|america|AtLocation|within the usa
people|floor|PartOf|an office
bathroom|airport|PartOf|house 
bathroom|staircase|HasProperty|a room in a building
competing|death|IsA|positive card
desires|nightmares|IsA|feeling
apartment|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
garden|swimming|HasProperty|man made
india|wilderness|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
potatoes|supermarket|IsA|food
stove|plate|CapableOf|cook things
mouse|garage|CapableOf|storing food
pond|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
backpack|state|HasProperty|something you can carry
synagogue|concert|IsA|place or location
montana|conference|IsA|planet
supermarket|box|IsA|place
dirt|garden|HasA|wheels
wall|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
sugar|garage|UsedFor|cooking
demonstration|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
listening|fulfillment|IsA|activity
television|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
arboretum|home|HasProperty|a state in the usa
suburb|yard|IsA|place where you can live
bedroom|ocean|IsA|place to live
garden|corner|HasA|feet to stand 
embarrassment|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
wall|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
hospital|shop|IsA|building
synagogue|briefcase|IsA|place of learning
dirt|closet|HasA|wheels
michigan|utensils|IsA|place
butterflies|contemplating|IsA|colorful
ballpark|kennel|IsA|place or location
mountain|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
motel|town|UsedFor|over night stays 
bay|country|HasA|water
synagogue|person|HasA|exterior walls
university|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
aquarium|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
classroom|chair|UsedFor|viewing/reading
driveway|city|CapableOf|be parked on
rug|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
texas|mountains|AtLocation|labeled on a map
buildings|audience|IsA|location
basement|rain|AtLocation|at a home
cabinet|garage|IsA|furniture
restaurant|street|IsA|building
fleas|rug|HasA|animal
supermarket|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
punch|suffering|CapableOf|cause physical harm
pantry|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
shelf|airport|AtLocation|library
newspaper|desktop|MadeOf|paper
bread|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
basement|conference|IsA|type of room
satisfaction|panic|IsA|negative emotion
street|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
computer|house|PartOf|admin role
car|box|IsA|mode of transportation
books|television|HasProperty|a publication
museum|cabinet|IsA|building
elevator|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
asia|country|IsA|continent
attic|sugar|IsA|room
bathroom|aircraft|UsedFor|pooping
restaurant|jar|IsA|place
library|newspaper|UsedFor|reading
loft|roof|IsA|building
funeral|mouth|IsA|event
kitchen|soup|IsA|location
marmoset|underground|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
humans|movies|HasProperty|something you can touch
bed|ocean|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
jail|auditorium|IsA|building
work|newspaper|HasA|use electricity
shop|magazine|IsA|room or building
ballpark|dog|IsA|outdoor area
dishes|floor|IsA|object
depression|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
happiness|favors|HasProperty|a positive emotion
cave|ocean|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
corner|closet|MadeOf|asphalt
yard|pond|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
nightmares|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
ficus|apartment|HasProperty|a state in the usa
sink|puddle|IsA|physical item 
computer|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
hallway|woods|AtLocation|in a building
moss|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
kitchens|bar|IsA|type of business
pan|bathroom|CapableOf|cook
stove|plate|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
cupboard|bottle|MadeOf|wood
countryside|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
pocket|desktop|CapableOf|be worn
injury|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
dishwasher|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
table|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
salad|cellar|IsA|food
pocket|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
table|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
garden|suit|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
bathroom|cage|PartOf|house
bathroom|building|IsA|room in a house
city|ranch|IsA|animal
discovery|cut|IsA|emotion
drawer|porch|IsA|physical item 
basement|shower|HasA|door
plate|table|IsA|1 syllable word
love|like|IsA|emotion
apartment|conference|HasProperty|a type of home
salad|field|IsA|food
hospital|bar|IsA|building 
europe|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
supermarket|bathroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
dinner|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
cupboard|stomach|MadeOf|metal
candle|street|HasProperty|white
dentist|bed|CapableOf|provide a service
telephone|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
backyard|cat|IsA|garden
restaurant|boat|IsA|place or location
conference|car|IsA|location
telephone|library|IsA|n electronic device
information|color|HasProperty|related to studying
backpack|store|IsA|school supply
satisfaction|relaxation|IsA|feeling
knowledge|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
glass|kitchen|IsA|object
river|bridge|HasA|water
medium|harbor|IsA|physical item 
sun|temple|HasProperty|capable of burning you
headache|discovery|IsA|physical state
stove|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
car|store|HasProperty|an object
contemplating|lightning|IsA|emotion
shelf|can|HasProperty|a beverage
accomplishment|stress|IsA|positive card
bottle|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
shelf|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
bedroom|minnesota|AtLocation|inside a house
table|drawer|UsedFor|eating
plants|ground|HasA|green plant
kitchen|container|IsA|type of room in houses
classroom|woods|HasProperty|a room
heaven|desk|IsA|religious card
concert|synagogue|IsA|sound
house|lamp|IsA|place to live
india|books|IsA|place
wall|museum|IsA|room
lamp|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
airport|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
city|michigan|IsA|part of a municipality
hotel|gate|IsA|business
cinema|audience|IsA|location
pain|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
carnival|lights|IsA|music related event
beach|sunbathers|IsA|vacation destination
problems|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
fun|discomfort|HasA|positive connotation
countryside|street|PartOf|nature
garage|mouse|IsA|building
table|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
cupboard|stamps|IsA|furniture
motel|desktop|IsA|building
condiments|inside|AtLocation|in a house
closet|water|UsedFor|storage
pocket|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
bathroom|confusion|PartOf|building
town|playground|IsA|place you visit often
bed|basement|IsA|place or location
conference|church|UsedFor|praying
fight|aggression|HasA|physical element
bedroom|bar|AtLocation|in a building
discovery|happiness|HasProperty|used to drive in
chair|ocean|HasProperty|found in the house
loft|home|IsA|specific part of a structure
kitchen|restaurant|HasProperty|a room in a residence
trunk|car|UsedFor|to keep items
synagogue|building|UsedFor|worship
bathtub|library|HasProperty|found in a house
supermarket|town|HasProperty|a gathering place
kitchens|pizza|IsA|location or room
carpet|ground|HasProperty|found inside a house
bathroom|good|PartOf|building
sweat|sleeping|IsA|physical object
television|carpet|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
hotel|party|IsA|building 
cupboard|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
garage|computer|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
pond|city|HasA|water
earth|apartment|IsA|planet
nature|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
aquarium|bridge|HasA|water
music|mind|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
bedroom|cellar|IsA|room in a building
synagogue|people|IsA|place
inspiration|entertainment|IsA|n emotion
driveway|suburbs|UsedFor|transportation
books|internet|AtLocation|on a shelf
cabinet|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
house|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
castle|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
pizza|sink|HasProperty|edible
books|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
canada|rosebush|IsA|country
voice|television|AtLocation|on/in the human body
passageway|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
television|newspaper|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
australia|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
kitchen|mouse|IsA|room in a building
montana|skin|IsA|place
desktop|meeting|AtLocation|home
bar|bread|CapableOf|be entered
house|refrigerator|HasProperty|associated with drinking
human|show|MadeOf|chemicals
television|meeting|IsA|part media
ocean|tile|AtLocation|with water
trees|countryside|MadeOf|wood
beach|field|UsedFor|playing
remembering|controversy|HasProperty|typically positive
lemur|hole|IsA|animal or book
bedroom|house|IsA|specific part of a structure
shelf|glass|HasProperty|made of wood
desk|imagination|IsA|n item of furniture
stuff|drawer|UsedFor|eating
desk|chair|UsedFor|viewing/reading
bar|house|CapableOf|be closed
table|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
office|computer|IsA|room
class|throne|UsedFor|learning
cellar|shed|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
basement|mail|IsA|room in a home
pocket|classroom|CapableOf|be worn
airport|wings|CapableOf|fly
disneyland|park|HasA|ticket box usually
cupboard|sink|IsA|furniture
food|jar|CapableOf|be eaten
garage|sewer|IsA|room
bed|park|AtLocation|inside a house
airport|building|HasA|airplanes
bottle|bar|MadeOf|metal
hallway|garage|AtLocation|in a building
pond|park|UsedFor|swimming
locker|library|UsedFor|religious services
ceiling|basement|HasProperty|white
auditorium|theater|UsedFor|music
bedroom|trunk|PartOf|house
burrow|wilderness|AtLocation|below
trunk|can|UsedFor|storing things in
ocean|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
disneyland|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
hotel|town|UsedFor|over night stays 
machine|telephone|UsedFor|fitness
jail|party|IsA|building
table|floor|HasProperty|furniture in a house
bathroom|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
desk|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
motel|computer|IsA|building
trauma|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
hotel|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
suburbs|subdivision|IsA|residential area
tropics|captivity|IsA|location
house|street|AtLocation|at a home
desk|clock|MadeOf|a natural material
country|control|IsA|organization 
drawer|dust|HasProperty|an object
supermarket|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
university|club|UsedFor|learning
ceiling|loft|AtLocation|in your room
drawer|michigan|IsA|furniture
condiments|cup|CapableOf|be consumed
purse|bubblegum|UsedFor|living
countryside|magazine|IsA|place
garage|house|IsA|room in a property
bathroom|airport|UsedFor|cooking
countryside|yard|IsA|place where you can live
palace|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of building
stuff|desk|UsedFor|eating
loft|temple|IsA|specific part of a structure
desktop|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
bed|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
desk|conference|IsA|inanimate object
bee|sky|CapableOf|fly
table|love|AtLocation|library
house|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of building
room|sewer|AtLocation|inside a person's home
jar|universe|UsedFor|containing objects
basement|ocean|UsedFor|storing things
market|shelf|IsA|place
drawer|coffee|IsA|furniture
synagogue|wood|IsA|place or location
cupboard|pantry|IsA|furniture
atlas|synagogue|UsedFor|reading
smiles|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
house|classroom|IsA|building
building|people|IsA|place or location
church|key|IsA|place you can visit
bridge|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
outside|museum|IsA|room
contemplating|action|UsedFor|seeking an answer
heart|controversy|IsA|happy card
garden|table|IsA|location
roadway|house|UsedFor|transportation
synagogue|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
regret|talk|IsA|mental state
company|book|HasA|use electricity
stick|bridge|IsA|living/once living
restaurants|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
rug|magazines|UsedFor|furniture
groceries|shower|HasA|door
street|state|IsA|part of a municipality
valley|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
cow|barnyard|IsA|animal
roof|beach|HasProperty|man-made
instruction|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
ground|greenhouse|HasProperty|found in a home
shop|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
attic|sewer|IsA|room (type)
smiles|tears|IsA|enjoyable
museum|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
bedroom|mouse|IsA|room in a building
wilderness|moon|CapableOf|be currently visited
death|palace|PartOf|the human body
air|snow|IsA|brand
restaurants|party|PartOf|food and drink
food|container|HasProperty|used for meals
museum|skate|PartOf|building
boat|puddle|IsA|physical item 
movie|film|IsA|form of entertainment
remembering|depression|IsA|positive thing
bar|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
cupboard|closet|HasProperty|an object
discovery|revelations|UsedFor|driving
glass|pool|UsedFor|eating or drinking
effort|enemies|IsA|positive card
hotel|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
party|bread|CapableOf|be entered
apartment|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
street|bathtub|MadeOf|asphalt
museum|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
house|table|HasA|doors
chair|street|IsA|place or location
table|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
floor|airport|IsA|physical item 
trunk|dust|UsedFor|storage
cabinet|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
coats|airport|IsA|item of clothing
home|pantry|HasA|roof
bar|minnesota|IsA|business that serves food
plants|roof|HasA|green plant
garage|mouse|IsA|room (type)
garage|cupboard|IsA|building
newspaper|meeting|PartOf|publication
erections|sweat|PartOf|human body
remembering|nightmares|HasProperty|typically positive
books|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
contemplating|butterflies|IsA|emotion
locker|museum|UsedFor|religious services
pocket|dust|IsA|necessity for education
desktop|work|CapableOf|show you time
dictionary|countryside|CapableOf|be read
hospital|gate|IsA|public place
library|friends|IsA|type /part of building
hallway|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
synagogue|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
woods|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
desktop|museum|UsedFor|fun
table|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
neighborhood|street|IsA|place where you can live
container|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
hospital|building|HasA|beds
bed|boat|HasProperty|furniture in a house
trees|roof|IsA|natural product or man made
street|windowsill|IsA|place
college|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
bar|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
classroom|people|IsA|location
wedding|opera|IsA|social event
city|barnyard|IsA|animal
bird|house|HasA|animal
bicycle|water|IsA|mode of transportation
newspaper|car|CapableOf| be held in your hand
bed|jail|IsA|physical item 
refrigerator|conference|HasProperty|sold in stores
office|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
wedding|chocolate|IsA|event
electricity|garden|MadeOf|wood
mountain|box|PartOf|natural landscape
cupboard|table|UsedFor|storage
kennel|rosebush|UsedFor|transport
change|bubblegum|HasProperty|to do with currency
desk|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
movie|microwave|IsA|form of entertainment
car|trunk|HasA|four wheels
desert|river|IsA|big space
airplane|home|CapableOf|move freely
kitchen|museum|AtLocation|in a building
fly|dictionary|IsA|activity 
river|tropics|IsA|small area
cupboard|utensils|IsA|furniture
hallway|bus|AtLocation|in your company
office|cabinet|IsA|building
notebook|house|IsA|object
backpack|dishes|CapableOf|be used for school
library|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
forest|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
manual|chair|UsedFor|viewing/reading
airport|newspaper|IsA|room or building
pain|controversy|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
trees|ground|IsA|natural product or man made
wall|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
apartment|closet|IsA|building
book|library|AtLocation|on a shelf
closet|bicycle|PartOf|house
street|weather|PartOf|city
ceiling|place|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
restaurant|minnesota|IsA|building
supermarket|conference|IsA|place
synagogue|cabinet|CapableOf|have people go inside
love|entertaining|IsA|emotion
airport|gate|IsA|public place
store|connection|IsA|business
disneyland|windowsill|IsA|vacation destination
lemur|house|IsA|animal or book
anxiety|listening|IsA|emotion
conference|garage|UsedFor|announcing something
motel|bathroom|IsA|building
sea|waterfall|IsA|place that humans can swim
theater|tent|IsA|event
books|pantry|IsA|object
garage|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
dentist|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
countryside|desert|IsA|place where you can live
kitchen|disneyland|UsedFor|cooking
sink|pantry|IsA|object
bedroom|house|IsA|room in a building
shop|doctor|IsA|room or building
moon|house|PartOf|the galaxy
school|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
motel|lamp|IsA|building
library|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
utah|mexico|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
aggression|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
drawer|stamps|IsA|furniture
bathroom|food|IsA|type of room
regret|relaxation|IsA|verb
suburbs|dictionary|IsA|place
bubblegum|wallet|CapableOf|hold objects
mess|kitchen|HasProperty|a type of building
dinner|drawer|MadeOf|food
theater|car|HasProperty|a gathering place
restaurant|jail|HasProperty|child friendly
satisfaction|excitement|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
desk|circus|IsA|n item of furniture
club|garden|AtLocation|in a building
bedroom|country|UsedFor|sleeping on
farm|city|IsA|something you can own
mansion|bathroom|IsA|type of building
museum|briefcase|IsA|place of learning
table|doctor|IsA|physical item 
concert|garden|MadeOf|wood
restaurants|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
school|bedroom|IsA|building
carpet|inside|IsA|place or location
building|house|HasA|front desk
pen|office|IsA|school supply
park|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
stick|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
library|bathtub|UsedFor|reading
cow|switzerland|IsA|animal
bathroom|sky|HasProperty|man-made
lake|valley|IsA|1 syllable word
house|room|IsA|building
wilderness|commercial|CapableOf|be currently visited
drinking|fun|IsA|activity
garage|war|HasA|exterior walls
squirrel|air|IsA|animal
internet|park|UsedFor|reading
lumberyard|floor|IsA|place or location
drawer|trash|IsA|furniture
cabinet|jar|HasA|door
bathroom|apartment|UsedFor|urination
depression|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
house|air|AtLocation|at a home
kitchen|building|IsA|specific part of a structure
garage|desktop|CapableOf|opened or closed
garden|closet|MadeOf|organic brown matter
backyard|place|PartOf|house
cupboard|bathroom|CapableOf| be moved
laughter|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
college|bedroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
discovery|birds|HasProperty|used to drive in
restaurant|bed|IsA|place or location
hotel|stadium|IsA|place you could sleep in
church|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
dishwasher|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
drawer|porch|CapableOf|be easily carried
monastery|auditorium|IsA|religious card
town|house|HasA|buildings in it
god|conference|IsA|religious card
street|water|IsA|mode of transportation
building|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
grape|market|IsA|sweet or savory
theater|crowd|IsA|place
food|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
hotel|passageway|UsedFor|a holiday
action|revelations|IsA|physical state
hospital|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
cat|nature|IsA|part of a house
trees|ground|MadeOf|wood
africa|world|PartOf|the continent 
bubblegum|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
store|bathroom|IsA|business
school|demonstration|UsedFor|reading and studying
wilderness|marmoset|IsA|place
dinner|house|PartOf|food and drink
garage|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
outside|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
bar|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
voice|song|AtLocation|on/in the human body
yard|city|CapableOf|be parked on
canada|mountain|HasA|city inside
kitchen|plate|HasA|store edible items
drawer|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
museum|house|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
table|museum|MadeOf|wood
hotel|candy|IsA|public building
ficus|garage|HasProperty|a state in the usa
happiness|cut|IsA|emotion
table|stomach|HasProperty|made of wood
building|music|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
cabinet|dinner|IsA|piece of furniture
remembering|money|IsA|positive thing
backpack|pantry|IsA|object
rug|backyard|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
outdoors|dog|IsA|place or location
music|electricity|UsedFor|live performances
field|roof|PartOf|nature
cupboard|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
closet|carpet|HasProperty|used for storage
market|cheese|IsA|location or room
suburb|nebraska|IsA|part of a municipality
hunger|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
closet|landfill|HasA|opening or door
bed|restaurant|IsA|place or location
office|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
nostalgia|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
house|jail|IsA|object
shelf|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
food|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
beach|garden|UsedFor|swimming
farm|entertainment|AtLocation|on a map
office|plants|AtLocation|inside a home
pride|discovery|IsA|colorful
bedroom|telephone|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
mountains|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
bathroom|school|UsedFor|pooping
fear|performing|IsA|emotion
box|space|UsedFor|containing objects
garage|university|AtLocation|at home
frustration|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
crying|trauma|IsA|something a baby could have
car|building|CapableOf|move location
trees|rock|IsA|natural product or man made
bowl|stamps|IsA|dish
california|rosebush|IsA|us state
harbor|garage|UsedFor|transportation
library|building|UsedFor|reading
suburb|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
apartment|office|HasProperty|a building to live in
airport|newspaper|HasA|use electricity
kentucky|canada|PartOf|america
kitchen|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
headache|learning|MadeOf|the human body
college|office|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
apartment|conference|IsA|house where man live
closet|refrigerator|UsedFor|storing things in
mansion|supermarket|UsedFor| gathering together
kitchen|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
stomach|refrigerators|IsA|  place
france|swamp|AtLocation|below
chair|bedroom|IsA|item of furniture
lumberyard|carpet|IsA|place or location
church|theater|UsedFor|learning
supermarket|bread|CapableOf|be entered
books|city|CapableOf|be read
garden|building|IsA|nature-related
jar|bowl|UsedFor|storage
europe|gentleman|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
supermarket|families|IsA|public building
stream|countryside|IsA|1 syllable word
pantry|oven|HasA|store edible items
hospital|passageway|HasA|bed for sleeping
salad|refrigerator|IsA|food
home|airport|PartOf|house 
crying|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
garage|outside|MadeOf|wood
closet|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
mouse|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
cupboard|stuff|IsA|furniture
happiness|thinking|CapableOf|tell stories
encyclopedia|commercial|IsA|animal or book
workplace|love|HasProperty|child friendly
cupboard|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
apartment|synagogue|IsA|home
dinner|floor|MadeOf|food
opera|bathroom|CapableOf|be performed
table|library|HasProperty|found in a house
yard|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
cat|trouble|IsA|animal
chair|sky|IsA|item of furniture
car|clothing|CapableOf|allow you to travel
table|apartment|IsA|furniture
pond|river|IsA|man made
bay|boat|IsA|place that humans can swim
michigan|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
store|forest|HasProperty|man made
work|love|HasA|use electricity
carrots|refrigerator|IsA|food
hotel|bedroom|HasA|front desk
dishwasher|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
den|trunk|HasA|door
company|house|IsA|business
laughter|embarrassment|IsA|something considered as positive
tension|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
bridge|ocean|UsedFor|link between places
table|desktop|HasProperty|made of wood
table|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
garage|windowsill|UsedFor|storage
inspiration|car|IsA|n emotion
aquarium|pond|HasProperty|human made
stress|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
cellar|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
house|ground|AtLocation|at a home
bar|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
erections|vaccines|PartOf|human body
oven|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
australia|cage|IsA|country
nature|air|HasProperty|white
house|outside|IsA|room (type)
garage|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
playground|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
classroom|demonstration|UsedFor|reading and studying
candy|funeral|CapableOf|be eaten
bathroom|floor|IsA|type of room
city|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
bubblegum|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
table|outside|AtLocation|indoors
suburbs|desert|HasA|buildings in it
coats|passageway|HasProperty|item of clothing
chicken|fly|IsA|physical item 
jar|nails|UsedFor|storage
texas|mountains|IsA|place
wilderness|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
suburbs|commercial|IsA|place
trouble|garbage|PartOf|house
store|lasagna|IsA|place
playground|garden|UsedFor|children to play
suburbs|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
cup|car|AtLocation|inside a house
doctor|battle|IsA|job
desk|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
floor|car|UsedFor|to keep items
library|paper|HasA|walls
greenhouse|garden|MadeOf|glass
chair|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
president|sun|HasProperty|powerful
lasagna|shelf|HasProperty|used at meal time
carpet|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
opera|wedding|UsedFor|putting on a show
sea|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
shelf|garage|AtLocation|indoors
field|lemur|IsA|place
ranch|switzerland|UsedFor|food
hallway|rug|IsA|type /part of building
paper|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
alabama|arkansas|IsA|country
closet|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
bedroom|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
bed|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
kitchen|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
problems|money|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
maze|bathroom|IsA|public place
stadium|house|UsedFor|washing
laughter|agreement|IsA|negative feeling
forest|lake|MadeOf|trees
agreement|tears|IsA|activity
restaurant|wedding|IsA|place or location
newspaper|jail|IsA|object
supermarket|car|IsA|location
bowl|market|CapableOf| be moved
supermarket|party|PartOf|food and drink
excitement|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
buildings|bathroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
chair|universe|HasProperty|found in the house
home|backyard|MadeOf|walls and ceiling
aquarium|fish|HasA|water
bed|human|PartOf|house 
mouth|telephone|AtLocation|on/in the human body
stream|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
magazine|floor|UsedFor|reading 
aggression|accomplishment|IsA|feeling or emotion
pond|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
field|countryside|IsA|natural or man made
box|park|AtLocation|inside a house
enemies|defeat|HasA|physical element
bedroom|dance|IsA|room in a house
theater|program|UsedFor|live performances
punch|tears|CapableOf|cause physical harm
fire|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
kitchen|outside|UsedFor|cooking
pencils|teacher|UsedFor|writing
beach|bearing|UsedFor|playing
yard|house|CapableOf|be parked on
circus|confession|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
telephone|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
clothing|floor|HasProperty|an object
carrots|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
store|birds|HasProperty|man made
instruction|depression|IsA|positive thing
theater|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
nature|room|HasProperty|white
suburb|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
desk|party|HasProperty|1 syllable
playground|trash|UsedFor|playing
locker|book|HasA|walls
restaurant|human|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
hotel|store|UsedFor|a holiday
couch|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
sea|glass|HasProperty|hot
money|pocket|HasProperty|to do with currency
alcohol|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
bread|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
woods|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
discovery|contemplating|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
university|suit|IsA|place people can meet
shelf|museum|IsA|room
apartment|supermarket|IsA|house where man live
anxiety|dancing|IsA|emotion
motel|television|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
house|windowsill|IsA|building
apartment|porch|IsA|building
court|person|HasA|roof
michigan|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
cupboard|trunk|HasA|door
attic|trash|IsA|structure or building
seattle|air|IsA|type of place
pizza|container|IsA|type of food
kitchens|groceries|IsA|type of business
basement|table|IsA|place or location
restaurant|sink|HasA|edible items for sale
cave|school|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
woods|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
airport|office|HasProperty|a public place
restaurant|closet|AtLocation|on the map
pond|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
laughter|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
airport|house|IsA|public place
soup|cupboard|IsA|food
apartment|rug|IsA|private space
mouth|families|IsA|object
bathroom|apartment|UsedFor|pooping
roadway|suburb|UsedFor|transportation
dancing|favors|IsA|activity
spoon|home|AtLocation|in a house
monastery|office|IsA|religious card
bathroom|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
pennsylvania|outside|HasA|city inside
hallway|work|AtLocation|in your company
carnival|class|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
wall|sky|PartOf|building a house
apartment|corner|CapableOf|be slept in
fire|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
lemur|hole|IsA|animal
shed|fun|IsA|place
chair|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
table|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
grape|salad|CapableOf|be sweet
utensils|drawer|UsedFor|eating
street|yard|HasA|buildings in it
building|gate|IsA|public place
clock|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
office|desktop|HasA|walls
plate|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
home|teapot|IsA|place people live
river|bay|HasA|salty water
money|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
church|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
restaurant|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
office|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a home
dentist|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
fun|stupid|HasA|positive connotation
coats|office|HasProperty|item of clothing
trauma|inspiration|IsA|negative feeling
pocket|map|CapableOf|be worn
house|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
bird|michigan|IsA|living thing
elevator|person|PartOf|building
basement|street|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
chairs|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
couch|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
cat|rug|IsA|a animal
mouse|disneyland|CapableOf|storing food
closet|ground|UsedFor|storage
forest|demonstration|MadeOf|a natural material
coats|building|IsA|item of clothing
anger|suffering|IsA|emotion
table|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
ocean|basement|IsA|building
classroom|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
table|home|IsA|physical item 
table|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
street|suburbs|CapableOf|be parked on
table|restaurant|IsA|place or location
window|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
smiles|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
blanket|bar|AtLocation|inside a house
shop|table|CapableOf|provide a service
mexico|jail|IsA|country
city|encyclopedia|IsA|place
bowl|kitchen|UsedFor|serving
street|boat|IsA|place or location
restaurant|outside|AtLocation|on the map
plate|case|IsA|something you eat off
bathroom|sink|HasA|door
synagogue|building|HasA|ticket box usually
building|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
church|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
hospital|bedroom|IsA|business that serves food
school|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
apartment|human|IsA|building
bathtub|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
opera|confession|IsA|place or location
michigan|valley|IsA|country or state
butterflies|food|IsA|colorful
attic|room|UsedFor|storage
dancing|smiles|IsA|activity
floor|backyard|UsedFor|standing on
pond|continent|HasA|water
bicycle|box|IsA|mode of transportation
garden|throne|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
office|container|UsedFor|writing
road|valley|UsedFor|driving on or over
cow|tennessee|IsA|animal
burrow|dictionary|IsA|activity 
california|prison|IsA|proper noun
ocean|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
bedroom|basement|UsedFor|mainly sleep
creek|outdoors|IsA|1 syllable word
joy|fun|IsA|feeling
sadness|instruction|IsA|emotion
table|car|AtLocation|inside a house
sunbathers|snow|HasProperty|hot
movies|mouth|CapableOf|be watched
college|apartment|IsA|building
dictionary|shelf|UsedFor|viewing/reading
wilderness|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
cupboard|sink|HasProperty|made of wood
aquarium|continent|HasA|water
conference|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
closet|clothes|UsedFor|to keep items
bar|computer|IsA|room in a property
restaurant|universe|UsedFor|serving food
radio|choir|IsA|electronic device
universe|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
backpack|paper|CapableOf|be worn
movie|drawer|IsA|form of entertainment
work|book|HasA|use electricity
boat|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
gymnasium|outside|HasA|roof
trees|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
container|beer|UsedFor|storing things in
confession|montana|IsA|religious card
college|library|IsA|building
restaurant|chocolate|IsA|public building
restaurant|potatoes|CapableOf|be opened/closed
garage|hairbrush|HasA|exterior walls
accomplishment|aggression|IsA|positive card
floor|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
table|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
lamp|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
closet|pantry|HasProperty|a beverage
food|park|CapableOf|be eaten
chair|dust|IsA|necessity for education
desk|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
love|fun|IsA|emotion
library|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
carrots|supermarket|IsA|food
home|human|CapableOf|be lived in
conference|synagogue|UsedFor|praying
city|desert|IsA|place where you can live
supermarket|trunk|HasA|door
hospital|party|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
garden|food|IsA|location
utensils|cabinet|UsedFor|eating
trunk|closet|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
wall|people|PartOf|building a house
grass|waterfall|IsA|living/once living
food|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
cellar|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
shelf|bathroom|UsedFor|holding things
mexico|countryside|IsA|nation
embarrassment|headache|IsA|emotion
moon|ocean|PartOf|the galaxy
computer|table|MadeOf|wood
jar|nails|UsedFor|carrying things
table|company|AtLocation|library
synagogue|montana|IsA|religious card
container|kitchen|AtLocation|in a cupboard
park|countryside|HasProperty|man made
remembering|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
internet|manual|PartOf|publication
opera|cinema|HasProperty|a place expressly for singing
magazine|information|CapableOf| be held in your hand
school|box|IsA|public building
knowledge|color|HasProperty|related to studying
dinner|thinking|HasProperty|a meal
book|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
town|outside|HasProperty|made by humans
people|imagination|IsA|place of religion
book|newspaper|UsedFor|reading
books|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
school|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
magazines|table|UsedFor|reading
cupboard|utensils|UsedFor|storage
cheese|pantry|IsA|type of food
apartment|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
corner|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
remembering|pain|HasProperty|typically positive
mansion|cellar|IsA|type of building
bird|cage|CapableOf|fly
closet|corner|UsedFor|storage
competing|anger|IsA|positive card
wilderness|beaver|IsA|place
pocket|office|CapableOf|be worn
container|backpack|UsedFor|storage
cellar|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
hospital|passageway|HasA|beds
floor|nature|IsA|part of a house
river|tree|IsA|place or location
pantry|container|IsA|location
ceiling|ground|HasProperty|white
restaurants|air|CapableOf|be entered
problems|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
motion|effort|HasA|m at the beginning
circus|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
encyclopedia|garden|UsedFor|learning
cabinet|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
encyclopedia|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
happiness|action|IsA|emotion
bedroom|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
cellar|box|PartOf|house
drawer|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
market|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
boat|bay|HasProperty|human made
apartment|cabinet|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
person|building|UsedFor|announcing something
suburbs|subdivision|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
aquarium|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
pen|jar|UsedFor|writing
human|home|CapableOf|move freely
jail|ocean|IsA|building
building|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
library|office|IsA|a place to read books
purse|supermarket|UsedFor|living
ceiling|bedroom|PartOf|vehicle
boat|apartment|CapableOf|float
store|trash|IsA|structure or building
canada|cooking|IsA|country
attic|michigan|AtLocation|in united states
disneyland|forest|IsA|popular attraction
television|head|IsA|part media
communication|entertaining|IsA|activity
casino|change|IsA|place you can visit
roof|park|HasProperty|found in a home
school|mouth|IsA|place
table|condiments|UsedFor|serving dinner
table|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
pond|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
outdoors|backyard|IsA|nature-related
backyard|rosebush|IsA|outdoor location
car|sink|CapableOf|be used as transport 
television|ground|HasProperty|found inside a house
furniture|bed|IsA|store items
condiments|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
carrots|apartment|IsA|food
library|meeting|MadeOf|paper
bathroom|television|AtLocation|in a building
information|library|MadeOf|technology
spoon|restaurant|AtLocation|in a house
wedding|people|HasProperty|an event
floor|garbage|PartOf|house
salad|cupboard|UsedFor|healthy eating
discomfort|stupid|IsA|n emotion
supermarket|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
colorado|burrow|IsA|place
room|trouble|IsA|part of a house
computer|office|HasProperty|used for learning
silence|telephone|IsA|tv show
windowsill|michigan|PartOf|house
building|house|IsA|public place
attic|trunk|IsA|room in a home
countryside|books|IsA|place
blood|war|PartOf|the human body
passageway|love|IsA|public place
encyclopedia|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
desk|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
wilderness|pond|HasA|earth
office|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
bedroom|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
synagogue|barn|UsedFor|worship
apartment|furniture|IsA|private space
effort|fight|IsA|positive card
ceiling|airport|AtLocation|library
basement|room|UsedFor|storage
dog|rug|HasA|animal
museum|computer|IsA|type of building
sun|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
money|action|IsA|thing you have on person
school|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
carrots|field|IsA|food
garage|container|IsA|room in a building
boat|medium|UsedFor|transportation
soup|container|CapableOf|be eaten
restaurants|house|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
river|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
bread|table|IsA|type of food
town|nebraska|IsA|part of a municipality
empathy|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
skate|person|IsA|action
hallway|valley|AtLocation|indoors
sugar|house|UsedFor|cooking
kitchen|toilet|HasProperty|a room
windowsill|television|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
countryside|encyclopedia|IsA|place or location to visit
apartment|supermarket|HasProperty|a type of home
elevator|music|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
passageway|connection|IsA|public place
notebook|conference|UsedFor|writing
city|train|IsA|tourist destination
driveway|house|UsedFor|transportation
restaurant|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
shelf|nursery|IsA|something kept at home
cabinet|store|UsedFor|storage
sink|shelf|UsedFor|washing or cooking
stuff|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
class|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
leaves|roof|PartOf|nature
bar|air|CapableOf|be entered
bee|box|CapableOf|fly
desk|table|UsedFor|storage
room|store|IsA|private space
defeat|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
speaker|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
hospital|wires|IsA|building 
office|briefcase|IsA|building
ocean|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
corner|outside|AtLocation|indoors
school|computer|IsA|building
city|yard|IsA|place where you can live
auditorium|apartment|HasA|fee to visit
pond|trees|UsedFor|swimming
bird|cage|IsA|living thing
pantry|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
canada|mountain|IsA|location
blanket|town|HasProperty|something you can carry
cat|backyard|IsA|animal
bread|pantry|IsA|type of food
school|candy|IsA|public building
instruction|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
closet|human|UsedFor|storing things
restaurant|dust|IsA|place you can go
sewer|apartment|PartOf|waste management system
desktop|paper|UsedFor|storage
forest|conference|MadeOf|a natural material
city|books|IsA|place
battle|anger|HasA|physical element
apartment|tile|IsA|building
television|closet|CapableOf|show films
cupboard|shelf|MadeOf|wood
town|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
internet|library|MadeOf|technology
bed|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
bedroom|house|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
trees|canada|IsA|nature-related
michigan|table|IsA|place
backpack|table|UsedFor|packing things inside
morgue|funeral|PartOf|the human body
wings|skyscraper|CapableOf|move freely
america|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
desk|airport|AtLocation|in a house
buildings|classroom|UsedFor|living inside of
lamp|sky|HasProperty|white
desert|cage|IsA|natural thing
museum|television|HasA|usually have people inside
dictionary|cage|CapableOf|be read
cupboard|shelf|HasProperty|an object
refrigerator|house|PartOf|food and drink
library|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
building|backyard|HasA|walls
switzerland|stable|IsA|animal
house|porch|UsedFor|studying in
manual|meeting|MadeOf|paper
desert|encyclopedia|IsA|location
salad|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
kitchen|computer|HasProperty|a room
meeting|clothing|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
cage|outdoors|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
birds|anxiety|CapableOf|fly
skin|earth|HasProperty|part of a human
shelf|wall|MadeOf|wood
information|book|MadeOf|technology
bedroom|desk|IsA|type of room
museum|cabinet|IsA|place of learning
hotel|movies|IsA|public building
book|field|HasProperty|related to studying
stick|yard|IsA|living/once living
market|demonstration|IsA|type of shop
washington|desert|IsA|american state
bowl|cabinet|IsA|something you eat off
airport|drawer|IsA|room or building
garbage|dust|HasA|opening or door
television|mouth|CapableOf|be watched
food|oven|HasProperty|edible
cabinet|disneyland|IsA|furniture
garbage|bed|IsA|store items
light|hope|MadeOf|energy
airport|magazine|IsA|room or building
store|love|IsA|business
school|chocolate|IsA|public building
happiness|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
cabinet|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
hallway|moon|AtLocation|at a home
airplane|sun|CapableOf|move location
movement|exercise|HasA|m at the beginning
wilderness|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
church|imagination|IsA|religious card
shop|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
contemplating|reflection|IsA|emotion
desk|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
ground|library|AtLocation|in your home
house|hairbrush|IsA|place to sleep
house|dust|UsedFor|to keep items
government|trouble|HasProperty|powerful
restaurant|car|HasProperty|a building structure
bathroom|michigan|PartOf|house
plants|windowsill|HasA|green plant
sorrow|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
disneyland|desktop|IsA|place
couch|house|UsedFor|sleeping on
shop|clothing|IsA|room or building
television|knowledge|IsA|part media
church|desktop|UsedFor|worship
maine|computer|IsA|country or state
morgue|garage|PartOf|the human body
hospital|minnesota|IsA|building
jar|inside|AtLocation|in a house
nightmares|desires|HasProperty|related to sleep
grape|bowl|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
desk|michigan|IsA|furniture
newspaper|information|HasProperty|a solid item 
supermarket|room|PartOf|food and drink
mouse|bowl|CapableOf|storing food
muscles|movement|AtLocation|on the body
house|woods|IsA|room
university|bedroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
dictionary|universe|IsA|animal or book
park|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
building|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
car|dust|CapableOf|allow you to travel
confession|office|IsA|religious card
opera|car|HasProperty|a gathering place
suffering|love|IsA|negative feeling
house|cellar|IsA|type of building
pocket|theater|IsA|thing you have on person
car|stupid|HasA|positive connotation
hallway|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
garden|bowl|IsA|location
cave|store|IsA|public place
shop|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
university|dinner|IsA|place to study
salad|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
cat|drawer|PartOf|house
bed|skyscraper|AtLocation|mostly inside
church|elevator|IsA|place where you can visit
cupboard|table|HasA|doors
table|drawer|IsA|something you eat off
stream|outdoors|IsA|1 syllable word
airport|store|IsA|public place
closet|groceries|HasProperty|a beverage
restaurant|funeral|IsA|place
person|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
house|dust|UsedFor|storage
wall|office|HasProperty|found in a house
library|store|UsedFor|reading
rug|sewer|AtLocation|inside a person's home
crying|depression|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
book|jellyfish|UsedFor|reading
table|meeting|AtLocation|home
pleasure|sadness|IsA|happy card
audience|supermarket|HasProperty|alive
sorrow|remembering|IsA|feeling/emotion
magazine|porch|IsA|physical item 
lamp|silence|IsA|physical and movable item
supermarket|town|HasA|ticket box usually
conference|people|IsA|place or location
stream|valley|IsA|1 syllable word
sorrow|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
office|notebook|IsA|building
countryside|vase|IsA|place or location
human|doctor|UsedFor|recreation activity
refrigerator|pantry|IsA|place to store items
potatoes|salad|IsA|vegetable 
house|air|CapableOf|be entered
buildings|supermarket|UsedFor| gathering together
seattle|weather|PartOf|city
forest|street|IsA|geographic location
case|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
park|house|HasA|green plant
street|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
birds|yard|IsA|animal
synagogue|briefcase|HasA|walls
shelf|bottle|UsedFor|storage 
door|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
telephone|wires|IsA|device used for working
closet|table|HasA|doors
jar|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
attic|sewer|IsA|room in a building
hotel|desktop|IsA|place
valley|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
canada|ocean|IsA|country or state
england|fox|IsA|place
wings|airport|UsedFor|eating
change|purse|CapableOf|hold objects
wedding|people|IsA|place
manual|desk|CapableOf|be held with one hand
table|doctor|UsedFor|furniture
roof|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
airport|wall|HasA|use electricity
grape|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
store|clothing|UsedFor|to keep items
table|garage|IsA|furniture
prison|beaver|IsA|place
bathroom|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
wedding|conference|IsA|place
kitchen|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
canada|park|HasA|city inside
suburb|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
soup|supermarket|IsA|food
dancing|excitement|IsA|activity
library|shelf|CapableOf|contain multiple people
refrigerator|cellar|CapableOf| be moved
corner|museum|IsA|room
happiness|stupid|IsA|emotion
garbage|outside|HasA|opening or door
computer|park|IsA|n electronic device
town|garden|UsedFor|children to play
hotel|telephone|IsA|building
library|human|AtLocation|indoors
dance|school|CapableOf|be performed
yard|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
shelf|sink|UsedFor|storage 
hotel|ocean|UsedFor|a holiday
house|kitchen|IsA|place to sleep
laughter|fun|HasProperty|an emotion
loft|shed|IsA|room in a home
palace|bathroom|IsA|type of building
hotel|basement|IsA|building
bedroom|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
trash|lawn|IsA|something kept a home
embarrassment|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
valley|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
happiness|discovery|IsA|emotion
entertaining|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
competing|fight|IsA|positive card
silence|mouth|IsA|tv show
cat|floor|MadeOf|living parts
corner|bathtub|HasA|first letter c
kitchen|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
library|corner|HasProperty|used for learning
love|pain|IsA|emotion
sun|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
castle|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
california|arboretum|IsA|place where people live
salad|supermarket|UsedFor|healthy eating
motel|train|UsedFor|overnight stays
carrots|store|IsA|sweet or savory
sorrow|money|IsA|emotion
kitchen|boxes|IsA|room
auditorium|basement|IsA|building
effort|sweat|IsA|positive card
garden|suit|IsA|place people can meet
lake|magazine|MadeOf|water
museum|bar|UsedFor|communication
restaurant|attic|UsedFor|serving food
dictionary|universe|CapableOf|be read
classroom|computer|HasProperty|a room
garden|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
meeting|manual|HasA|letter e in it
garage|university|UsedFor|storing vehicles
embarrassment|agreement|IsA|reaction
laugh|synagogue|IsA|sound
school|person|PartOf|building
bathroom|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
yard|countryside|UsedFor|children to play
backpack|clothes|UsedFor|storage
nails|store|AtLocation|in a home
kitchen|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
closet|street|HasA|feet to stand 
college|classroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
garage|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
medium|street|IsA|physical item 
confession|ocean|IsA|religious card
hallway|building|IsA|room in a house
porch|newspaper|IsA|room or building
person|building|IsA|human or part of human
cellar|bicycle|PartOf|house
shock|trauma|IsA|something a baby could have
roof|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
neighborhood|yard|IsA|place where you can live
sink|ocean|IsA|physical item 
apartment|loft|IsA|type of building
countryside|beaver|IsA|place
airplane|building|CapableOf|move location
wings|human|UsedFor|eating
jar|families|IsA|object
california|refrigerator|HasProperty|where someone can live
drawer|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
roof|antarctica|PartOf|house
desert|cage|MadeOf|sand
house|bathroom|UsedFor|formal learning
classroom|window|UsedFor|reading
utensils|stamps|UsedFor|eating
chocolate|hotel|CapableOf|be eaten
classroom|table|PartOf|admin role
church|action|IsA|place to be entertained
woods|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
house|mess|IsA|building
water|moon|CapableOf|can you drink it
drinking|happiness|IsA|activity
hallway|bar|HasProperty|a room
house|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
cellar|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
depression|shock|IsA|emotion
lightning|discovery|HasA|physical appearance
cupboard|jar|MadeOf|wood
school|human|IsA|place
funeral|theater|IsA|ceremony
bag|mail|UsedFor|storing physical things
books|manual|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
dinner|table|MadeOf|food
idaho|movies|HasProperty|something you can touch
park|boredom|CapableOf|be physically touched
disneyland|food|IsA|  place
farm|train|AtLocation|on a map
house|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
ceiling|desk|HasProperty|flat
opera|bathroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
porch|floor|IsA|room or building
bedroom|desktop|HasProperty|a room in a residence
furniture|store|AtLocation|inside a person's home
jellyfish|internet|CapableOf|be alive
warehouse|water|IsA|place
florida|dictionary|IsA|place
refrigerator|garage|HasProperty|a state in the usa
nature|basement|HasProperty|white
magazines|drawer|UsedFor|reading 
bathroom|box|PartOf|physical structure
government|sun|HasProperty|powerful
wedding|car|HasProperty|a gathering place
basement|box|PartOf|house
cellar|church|PartOf|house
cabinet|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
school|meeting|IsA|building
classroom|apartment|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
morgue|animals|PartOf|the human body
sleep|garbage|PartOf|house
morgue|animals|HasA|exterior walls
bedroom|electricity|UsedFor|sleeping on
attic|ground|HasProperty|found inside a house
store|container|IsA|structure or building
anxiety|birds|IsA|colorful
garden|windowsill|IsA|place
australia|city|IsA|proper noun
laughter|happiness|IsA|activity
montana|subdivision|IsA|state
city|river|HasProperty|human made
car|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
roadway|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
sky|countryside|IsA|1 syllable word
problems|depression|IsA|something a baby could have
home|basement|HasA|roof
cabinet|corner|MadeOf|wood
shelf|museum|MadeOf|wood
closet|shelf|UsedFor|storing things in
moss|mountains|IsA|living/once living
book|park|MadeOf|paper
television|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
table|clothes|MadeOf|wood
supermarket|pot|IsA|type of business
hospital|bar|CapableOf|treat illness and disease
homes|skyscraper|CapableOf|be lived in
trees|backyard|IsA|nature-related
farm|town|UsedFor|milking cows
box|ballpark|UsedFor|storage
box|trash|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
heaven|lemur|IsA|place
library|information|UsedFor|studying
city|lights|IsA|place
crying|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
homes|human|IsA|place
supermarket|funeral|IsA|place
cupboard|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
instruction|problems|HasProperty|typically positive
condiments|market|IsA|type of food
trauma|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
company|connection|IsA|business
room|bicycle|IsA|place
basement|bag|IsA|structure or building
california|wilderness|IsA|proper noun
notebook|pocket|UsedFor|reading
trunk|refrigerator|UsedFor|storing things in
dishwasher|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
utensils|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
microwave|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
books|meeting|IsA|thing you can touch
classroom|desktop|HasA|walls
lasagna|demonstration|HasProperty|used at meal time
closet|windowsill|UsedFor|storage
floor|dentist|IsA|physical item 
city|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
hospital|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
hotel|office|IsA|building 
theater|apartment|IsA|event
pizza|stomach|HasProperty|edible
box|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
clothing|bed|CapableOf|be easily carried
house|bathroom|IsA|type of building
floor|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
church|tent|IsA|planet
supermarket|purse|IsA|place you can visit
window|building|HasProperty|found in a house
house|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
toilet|museum|UsedFor|urination
arkansas|louisiana|HasA|start with a
loft|apartment|AtLocation|inside a person's home
park|mouth|IsA|place
control|canada|CapableOf|make you do something
outdoors|kennel|IsA|place or location
loft|mail|IsA|structure or building
suburbs|house|HasA|buildings in it
cellar|boxes|IsA|room (type)
tropics|river|IsA|big space
indiana|park|IsA|us state
trunk|shed|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
key|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
kitchen|outside|IsA|room in a building
hospital|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
cupboard|wall|MadeOf|wood
atlas|museum|UsedFor|reading
meeting|suit|IsA|place people can meet
kitchen|bedroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
fulfillment|dancing|IsA|emotion
corner|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
bottle|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
table|box|UsedFor|eating
exhaustion|arguments|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
house|cave|IsA|place to live
school|office|IsA|building
loft|boxes|IsA|structure or building
disneyland|carnival|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
store|shelf|IsA|place
jar|stove|CapableOf|store things
soup|bowl|CapableOf|be eaten
dishes|window|UsedFor|food
chair|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
backpack|dust|UsedFor|storage
reflection|discovery|HasA|physical appearance
bathroom|dance|IsA|room in a house
bedroom|rug|CapableOf|be painted
montana|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
speaker|forest|IsA|inanimate object
suffering|tears|IsA|emotion
wall|desk|PartOf|building a house
office|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
store|rug|IsA|building
car|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
france|fly|IsA|place
synagogue|map|IsA|place of learning
ocean|kitchen|AtLocation|with water
key|store|IsA|thing you have on person
chocolate|families|CapableOf|be eaten
restaurants|room|UsedFor|eating or drinking
roof|nest|PartOf|house
drawer|table|UsedFor|keeping things inside
cupboard|books|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
plants|frisbee|MadeOf|natural materials
drugs|university|UsedFor|recreation activity
mexico|pond|IsA|nation
information|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
hospital|party|IsA|place
stove|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
theater|people|IsA|location
airport|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
dancing|love|IsA|physical emotion
pain|depression|IsA|negative feeling
shop|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
waterfall|bridge|HasA|water
speaker|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
florida|countryside|IsA|proper noun
exercising|discipline|CapableOf|cause injury
valley|waterfall|HasA|earth
synagogue|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
street|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
sailboat|bed|AtLocation|with water
maze|store|IsA|public place
cabinet|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
enjoyment|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
happiness|sweetness|IsA|emotion
anger|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
knowledge|meeting|PartOf|human mind
elevator|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
montana|excavation|IsA|location
classroom|television|IsA|room in a property
park|motel|IsA|ground where child play
airport|corner|IsA|type /part of building
australia|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
church|water|IsA|place
room|loft|CapableOf|sleep on it
shelf|glass|HasProperty|furniture
army|city|CapableOf|make you do something
clouds|carpet|AtLocation|in the sky
home|office|CapableOf|be slept in
trauma|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
refrigerator|field|CapableOf| be moved
room|furniture|CapableOf|sleeping
inspiration|shock|IsA|positive thing
restaurant|michigan|IsA|business that serves food
desk|chair|IsA|place of religion
bed|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
shelf|glass|IsA|furniture
australia|beaver|IsA|place
basement|inside|IsA|place or location
paper|refrigerator|UsedFor|writing in
opera|house|MadeOf|wood
garage|blood|HasA|exterior walls
wedding|apartment|IsA|event
town|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
canada|office|IsA|country or state
pond|country|IsA|somewhere animals swim
jail|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
woods|dictionary|IsA|place
church|street|IsA|place
toilet|college|UsedFor|washing
lightning|action|HasA|physical appearance
roof|birds|HasProperty|man made
salad|field|IsA|sweet or savory
meeting|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
refrigerator|condiments|UsedFor|keeping things cool
disneyland|windowsill|IsA|place
bar|air|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
castle|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
ranch|barnyard|UsedFor|food
library|workplace|UsedFor|children to study
outside|tree|IsA|location
happiness|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
countryside|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
desktop|museum|IsA|room
boxes|warehouse|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
love|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
mouth|silence|AtLocation|on/in the human body
ceiling|table|HasProperty|flat
anger|argument|IsA|feeling or emotion
crying|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
container|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
class|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
funeral|bathtub|IsA|ceremony
closet|trash|IsA|structure or building
desires|vaccines|IsA|feeling
suburb|yard|HasA|buildings in it
television|party|IsA|n electronic device
carnival|person|CapableOf|be performed
motel|school|HasA|fee to visit
woods|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
airport|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
stamps|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
ground|outside|AtLocation|indoors
picture|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
stadium|restaurant|UsedFor|sporting events
sink|glass|HasProperty|furniture
wilderness|bank|HasProperty|wooded
ceiling|persia|PartOf|house
fleas|roof|IsA|a animal
house|freeway|CapableOf|be lived in
demonstration|garage|CapableOf|be attended
canada|pond|IsA|place you visit often
cupboard|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
demonstration|synagogue|UsedFor|teaching
town|bathroom|UsedFor| gathering together
bank|vase|IsA|room
room|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
bedroom|sewer|IsA|room (type)
portfolio|conference|UsedFor|reading
shoe|valley|AtLocation|inside a house
synagogue|paper|IsA|building
conference|imagination|UsedFor|praying
refrigerators|table|UsedFor|keeping things cool
drugs|doctor|UsedFor|recreation activity
stadium|library|UsedFor|washing
floor|library|IsA|physical item 
dictionary|beaver|CapableOf|be read
jail|newspaper|CapableOf|provide a service
plate|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
happiness|food|IsA|emotion
movie|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
house|blood|HasA|exterior walls
hotel|company|IsA|public place
restaurant|house|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
building|conference|IsA|type of room
hairbrush|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
office|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
utensils|house|HasProperty|an object
muscles|effort|AtLocation|on the body
office|telephone|IsA|place
humans|universe|HasProperty|something you can touch
conference|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
soup|box|CapableOf|be eaten
jail|human|IsA|building
nature|rain|HasProperty|white
auditorium|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
hallway|yard|AtLocation|in your company
salad|bowl|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
loft|boxes|IsA|room in a home
hotel|park|IsA|public building
car|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
restaurant|corner|IsA|place you can go
car|newspaper|HasA|use electricity
cabinet|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
injury|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
shed|water|IsA|place
park|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
bar|balloon|UsedFor|eating or drinking
water|house|CapableOf|can you drink it
cupboard|table|CapableOf|be opened
refrigerators|food|UsedFor|keeping things cool
mouse|kitchen|CapableOf|storing food
bird|countryside|IsA|1 syllable word
room|water|AtLocation|at a home
plate|food|UsedFor|serving dinner
fire|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
plate|store|HasProperty|used at meal time
floor|river|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
factory|attic|UsedFor|generating products or plants
garage|street|UsedFor|storing vehicles
classroom|car|HasProperty|a gathering place
town|state|IsA|part of a municipality
book|table|MadeOf|paper
workplace|park|AtLocation|indoors
anxiety|action|IsA|emotion
company|gate|IsA|business
drawer|home|IsA|physical item 
shoe|town|AtLocation|inside a house
garage|woods|IsA|room in a property
canada|beach|IsA|nation
room|store|CapableOf|sleeping
motel|wedding|UsedFor|over night stays 
soup|garden|AtLocation|in a home
park|desktop|IsA|ground where child play
town|people|IsA|place
backpack|floor|UsedFor|storage
church|floor|IsA|type of room
cupboard|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
market|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
laughter|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
pocket|paper|UsedFor|storage
college|home|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
controversy|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
clothing|doctor|IsA|physical item 
basement|music|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
restaurant|families|IsA|public building
regret|excitement|IsA|verb
bar|table|IsA|location or room
oven|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
chair|floor|HasProperty|furniture in a house
library|kitchen|UsedFor|reading
cave|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
ocean|nest|PartOf|natural landscape
depression|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
house|death|HasA|exterior walls
kitchen|office|PartOf|house
room|closet|IsA|place
joy|pride|IsA|mental state
street|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
america|dictionary|IsA|place
house|hallway|IsA|room
park|box|IsA|place
soup|sink|UsedFor|eating or drinking
detroit|human|IsA|place you visit
maine|city|IsA|country or state
countryside|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
cellar|box|IsA|place
garage|university|PartOf|house
skate|opera|IsA|action
closet|street|PartOf|house
carrots|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
books|apartment|IsA|object
garage|ground|HasProperty|where someone can live
purse|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
jar|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
drawer|floor|UsedFor|keeping things inside
backyard|forest|CapableOf|be man made
loft|funeral|IsA|structure or building
box|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
creek|bird|MadeOf|trees
montana|china|IsA|state
university|garden|AtLocation|in a building
desk|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
pan|kitchen|IsA|singular object
clock|conference|IsA|inanimate object
telephone|song|IsA|electronic device
table|closet|HasProperty|an object
food|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
bathroom|trunk|HasA|door
funeral|boat|IsA|ceremony
jar|store|UsedFor|carrying things
basement|cellar|IsA|room in a building
desk|stamps|IsA|furniture
chair|office|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
castle|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
car|garage|UsedFor|transportation
bar|house|UsedFor|eating or drinking
store|cabinet|IsA|place people can visit
countryside|moon|CapableOf|be currently visited
table|backyard|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
accomplishment|defeat|IsA|positive card
bird|house|IsA|a animal
car|table|CapableOf|allow you to travel
television|bedroom|CapableOf|plug into the wall
tears|punishment|MadeOf|one syllable
wall|company|AtLocation|library
museum|book|HasA|walls
valley|sea|AtLocation|inland
laughter|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
house|clothes|UsedFor|to keep items
bar|hallway|IsA|room
aquarium|ocean|HasProperty|human made
beach|street|IsA|vacation destination
backyard|canada|IsA|outdoor location
computer|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
table|dust|UsedFor|storage
dishwasher|car|AtLocation|inside a house
oven|cup|CapableOf|cook things
weather|seattle|HasProperty|related to water falling
museum|office|IsA|place of learning
table|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
opera|person|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
confession|montana|IsA|place of religion
backpack|glass|CapableOf|be used for school
woods|television|HasA|usually have people inside
basement|shed|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
outdoors|rosebush|IsA|place or location
cat|roof|HasA|animal
bedroom|museum|AtLocation|in a building
library|house|HasProperty|a place you can work
indiana|picture|IsA|place
seaside|dictionary|IsA|place
street|nebraska|IsA|part of a municipality
michigan|church|IsA|state in usa
cupboard|soup|UsedFor|storage
container|mail|UsedFor|storing physical things
airplane|heaven|CapableOf|move freely
lemur|universe|IsA|animal or book
greenhouse|roof|IsA|building
california|city|IsA|proper noun
human|concert|MadeOf|chemicals
bathroom|skate|PartOf|building
candy|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
farm|hotel|UsedFor|milking cows
floor|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
thinking|field|HasProperty|related to studying
money|problems|HasProperty|typically positive
florida|wine|IsA|us state
bedroom|kitchen|UsedFor|cooking
shoe|hospital|AtLocation|inside a house
spoon|store|IsA|tableware
countryside|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
apartment|earth|IsA|house where man live
market|home|HasProperty|a public place
pond|country|HasA|water
desert|bank|MadeOf|sand
blood|palace|PartOf|the human body
bedroom|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
stress|panic|IsA|negative emotion
building|wall|IsA|public place
laughter|love|IsA|negative feeling
driveway|china|CapableOf|be parked on
hospital|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
office|computer|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
store|product|IsA|type of shop
restaurant|bedroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
information|meeting|AtLocation|on a shelf
change|pocket|HasProperty|to do with currency
disneyland|building|HasA|ticket box usually
store|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
building|person|HasProperty|a type of property
drawer|store|UsedFor|storage
learning|suicide|IsA|associated to a positive experience
pain|sleep|IsA|negative feeling
bathroom|war|PartOf|building
erections|nightmares|PartOf|human body
town|valley|HasProperty|made by humans
basement|container|IsA|room
restaurant|container|IsA|type of business
bird|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
church|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
classroom|bedroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
company|microwave|CapableOf|employ people
apartment|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
garden|cabinet|IsA|location
home|groceries|HasA|roof
kitchen|food|HasProperty|a room in a residence
lamp|hospital|HasProperty|1 syllable
apartment|people|IsA|location
laughter|excitement|IsA|activity
bowl|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
table|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
container|condiments|CapableOf|store things
cellar|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
notebook|teacher|IsA|school supply
cupboard|garage|IsA|furniture
case|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bottle|restaurant|MadeOf|metal
building|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
problems|nostalgia|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
pond|city|IsA|somewhere animals swim
love|stupid|IsA|emotion
floor|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
texas|michigan|HasA|border with an ocean
notebook|museum|UsedFor|reading
woods|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
classroom|cabinet|HasProperty|a room
bar|alcohol|IsA|public place
doctor|jail|IsA|person
synagogue|office|HasProperty|religious
bathroom|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
garden|game|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
exhaustion|joy|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
car|fly|UsedFor|transportation
drugstore|kitchen|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
bee|sky|IsA|living thing
pride|food|IsA|colorful
mountains|countryside|HasProperty|in a cold climate
people|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
aquarium|city|HasA|water
cafe|universe|IsA|drink
attic|universe|HasProperty|found in the house
detroit|jail|IsA|place people go for fun
street|yard|UsedFor|transportation
silverware|stomach|MadeOf|metal
library|briefcase|HasA|walls
restaurant|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
jar|table|UsedFor|storage
stress|fight|IsA|feeling or emotion
jar|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
village|cottage|HasA|outdoor scenery
roof|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
airport|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
doorway|detroit|PartOf|house 
bar|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
desk|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
river|ocean|AtLocation|inland
laughter|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
potatoes|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
apartment|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
door|windowsill|MadeOf|wood
chair|sun|HasProperty|found in the house
attic|bag|IsA|structure or building
office|library|IsA|n electronic device
street|michigan|IsA|part of a municipality
like|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
home|ground|HasProperty|where someone can live
synagogue|office|UsedFor|religious services
sink|water|PartOf|kitchen
refrigerator|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
house|restaurant|IsA|place you could sleep in
burger|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
yard|woods|HasProperty|part of your  house
freeway|garage|UsedFor|car travel
wilderness|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
australia|bank|IsA|place where money is kept
book|desktop|MadeOf|paper
countryside|town|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
trash|meeting|HasProperty|a solid item 
inspiration|nostalgia|IsA|positive thing
jar|key|UsedFor|living
pain|depression|IsA|something a baby could have
auditorium|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
indiana|outside|IsA|place
basement|box|IsA|place
office|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
music|good|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
outdoors|garden|UsedFor|children to play
oklahoma|tennessee|IsA|state in uk
refrigerators|container|HasProperty|used for meals
cupboard|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
grape|bathroom|IsA|food
empathy|skin|IsA|emotion
meeting|library|HasA|letter e in it
supermarket|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
car|river|UsedFor|transportation
michigan|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
warehouse|car|PartOf|house
refrigerator|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
beach|town|UsedFor|swimming
library|desktop|CapableOf|contain multiple people
church|circus|IsA|religious card
dinner|backpack|MadeOf|food
stuff|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
aquarium|valley|HasProperty|human made
laughter|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
mouth|building|UsedFor|announcing something
dictionary|wilderness|CapableOf|be read
working|stress|HasA|ltr p
shelf|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
airport|lamp|UsedFor|a holiday
entertaining|suicide|IsA|associated to a positive experience
people|mansion|HasProperty|alive
purse|bubblegum|HasProperty|to do with currency
glass|sink|UsedFor|eating or drinking
greenhouse|apartment|HasProperty|found in the garden
bar|garage|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
corner|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
kitchen|apartment|HasProperty|found in a house
house|desk|IsA|building
bird|windowsill|IsA|living thing
suburbs|city|IsA|residential area
hospital|library|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
audience|mansion|HasProperty|alive
computer|corner|HasProperty|used for learning
oklahoma|tennessee|AtLocation|at south united states
hotel|house|HasA|front desk
inspiration|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
canada|playground|HasA|city inside
celebrating|happiness|IsA|physical emotion
stick|countryside|IsA|living/once living
hospital|desktop|IsA|building 
jail|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
canada|mountain|HasProperty|a country
america|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
sailboat|apartment|AtLocation|with water
purse|theater|UsedFor|living
home|human|PartOf|house 
church|bedroom|HasA|a bath
mouth|conference|IsA|human or part of human
newspaper|floor|UsedFor|reading 
jail|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
shoe|street|AtLocation|inside a house
desktop|table|UsedFor|viewing/reading
bedroom|lamp|IsA|place to live
people|opera|HasProperty|alive
floor|clothes|UsedFor|to keep items
clock|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
airport|wall|HasA|airplanes
jail|porch|CapableOf|provide a service
city|motel|IsA|tourist destination
homes|park|AtLocation|indoors
ground|office|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
stamps|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
celebrating|favors|IsA|activity
confession|circus|IsA|religious card
kitchen|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
wedding|synagogue|IsA|social event
television|information|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
circus|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
classroom|jar|IsA|place where students learn
encyclopedia|house|IsA|animal or book
aggression|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
humiliation|suicide|IsA|emotion
meeting|books|HasA|letter e in it
utensils|shelf|HasProperty|an object
coffee|box|UsedFor|eating
drawer|desktop|CapableOf|opened or closed
bed|classroom|HasProperty|found in a house
garden|countryside|CapableOf|be man made
backpack|trunk|CapableOf|be worn
table|dinner|IsA|furniture
washington|books|PartOf|political geographical area
library|human|IsA|type of building
park|pond|IsA|nature-related
inspiration|nightmares|HasProperty|typically positive
bathroom|bar|AtLocation|in a building
airport|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
switzerland|mountain|HasA|city inside
bedroom|apartment|HasProperty|a room
dishwasher|window|HasProperty|furniture
sea|moon|HasProperty|hot
canada|excavation|IsA|country
hospital|office|IsA|building
forest|desert|MadeOf|trees
bedroom|garden|MadeOf|wood
kitchen|food|CapableOf|cook
bar|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
lamp|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
palace|cellar|HasProperty|a type of building
apartment|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
dust|shelf|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
convention|supermarket|HasProperty|an event
bee|roof|CapableOf|fly
television|landfill|AtLocation|indoors
bathroom|shower|HasA|door
apartment|paperwork|HasProperty|a type of building
corner|antarctica|IsA|room
jail|michigan|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
home|shelf|HasA|door
happiness|headache|IsA|emotion
newspaper|information|CapableOf| be held in your hand
discovery|headache|UsedFor|driving
closet|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
park|rosebush|IsA|place or location
kitchen|pizza|HasProperty|a room in a residence
microwave|program|IsA|physical and movable item
highway|mexico|HasProperty|made by humans
table|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
closet|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
park|greenhouse|UsedFor|children to play
sun|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
computer|church|MadeOf|wood
couch|table|UsedFor|sleeping on
container|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
town|friend|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
depression|instruction|IsA|emotion
desert|countryside|IsA|very dry arid land
weather|desert|HasProperty|related to water falling
desk|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
utensils|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
notebook|briefcase|UsedFor|reading
montana|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
money|wallet|CapableOf|hold objects
house|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
carpet|clouds|HasProperty|found inside a house
outdoors|cage|IsA|natural thing
bathroom|restaurant|IsA|type of room
microwave|home|UsedFor|cooking food
forest|stream|MadeOf|trees
supermarket|manual|PartOf|food and drink
house|ocean|IsA|building
cupboard|kitchen|IsA|furniture
store|loft|IsA|type of building
street|countryside|IsA|natural or man made
motel|human|HasA|usually have people inside
contemplating|birds|IsA|emotion
pantry|stove|CapableOf|store things
kitchens|can|IsA|type of business
bar|television|IsA|type of building
bedroom|television|HasA|usually have people inside
happiness|anxiety|CapableOf|tell stories
couch|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
house|jail|UsedFor|studying in
city|stable|IsA|animal
couch|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
grass|woods|IsA|living/once living
homes|heaven|CapableOf|be lived in
trees|underground|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
soup|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
demonstration|speaker|CapableOf|make a sound
computer|dirt|HasA|first letter c
disneyland|weather|PartOf|city
skin|earth|UsedFor|buying food
drawer|jail|IsA|physical item 
texas|wilderness|IsA|place
sadness|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
book|books|HasProperty|singular
windowsill|frogs|AtLocation|in a home
university|church|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
shed|bicycle|IsA|place
university|throne|UsedFor|learning
party|barn|UsedFor|fun
house|mess|HasProperty|a building to live in
lamp|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
park|glass|HasProperty|hot
basement|ground|AtLocation|at a home
closet|garden|HasA|first letter c
refrigerators|plate|UsedFor|keeping things cool
computer|skyscraper|AtLocation|in your company
corner|fingernails|HasA|first letter c
human|workplace|IsA|person
house|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
mouse|greenhouse|CapableOf|storing food
desk|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
hospital|computer|IsA|building
windowsill|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
carnival|plane|IsA|music related event
mansion|classroom|HasProperty|a type of home
movie|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
entertainment|discomfort|HasA|positive connotation
store|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
papers|desktop|HasProperty|derived from wood
apartment|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
montana|people|IsA|place
carpet|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
montana|synagogue|IsA|planet
chair|kitchen|UsedFor|sitting on
smiles|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
plate|desk|IsA|dish
crying|communication|IsA|reaction
creek|valley|IsA|1 syllable word
suburb|desert|HasA|buildings in it
cut|reflection|IsA|physical damage to the body
city|store|IsA|location
synagogue|museum|HasProperty|religious
leaves|street|IsA|stone
mansion|opera|HasProperty|a type of home
restaurant|bathroom|HasProperty|related to eating
room|street|AtLocation|at a home
garage|sewer|IsA|room (type)
container|liquid|UsedFor|storage
auditorium|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
dust|clouds|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
town|house|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
magazines|floor|UsedFor|reading 
garage|kitchen|UsedFor|car repair
birds|forest|IsA|animal
classroom|audience|IsA|location
kitchen|mouse|UsedFor|cooking
restaurant|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
home|corner|CapableOf|be slept in
church|human|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
lumberyard|street|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
box|beach|HasProperty|man-made
library|class|UsedFor|studying
yard|pond|HasProperty|somewhere to go
desktop|lamp|MadeOf|wood
car|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
microwave|speaker|AtLocation|in a kitchen
woods|commercial|IsA|place
change|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
woods|countryside|IsA|1 syllable word
president|city|HasProperty|powerful
bedroom|desk|UsedFor|cooking
motel|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
restaurant|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
body|supermarket|HasProperty|part of a human
dishwasher|pantry|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
cupboard|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
library|thinking|UsedFor|studying
television|meeting|IsA|something kept a home
knowledge|instruction|IsA|negative thing
closet|ground|HasA|feet to stand 
death|stress|HasA|physical element
jail|elevator|IsA|place where you can visit
restaurant|garden|AtLocation|in a building
park|television|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
cabinet|michigan|UsedFor|storage
automobile|trunk|CapableOf|be lived in
idaho|universe|HasProperty|something you can touch
airport|home|HasProperty|a public place
newspaper|drawer|UsedFor|reading
cupboard|roof|UsedFor|storage
california|ground|HasProperty|where someone can live
house|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
satisfaction|stress|HasA|ltr p
pantry|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
television|field|HasA|screen
wilderness|moon|IsA|place or location to visit
playground|trees|CapableOf|be man made
homes|love|HasProperty|child friendly
texas|wine|IsA|us state
kitchen|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
bedroom|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
wedding|box|IsA|event
grape|cupboard|IsA|food
store|mail|UsedFor|storing physical things
colorado|america|IsA|state
pocket|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
agreement|smiles|IsA|activity
street|inside|IsA|place or location
library|classroom|IsA|building
cage|forest|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
stove|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
forest|countryside|HasProperty|2 syllables
enjoyment|empathy|IsA|activity
food|cup|CapableOf|be consumed
apartment|church|UsedFor|sleeping
school|computer|IsA|place of formal education
classroom|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
convention|theater|UsedFor|learning
corner|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
shelf|dinner|UsedFor|storage
boat|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
dirt|computer|HasA|wheels
floor|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
internet|manual|HasA|letter e in it
valley|river|CapableOf|be walked on
bridge|boat|CapableOf|be walked on
river|city|HasA|water
wedding|inside|IsA|place or location
town|newspaper|IsA|residential area
backpack|apartment|UsedFor|learning
sea|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
body|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
garage|box|IsA|place
glass|medium|UsedFor|eating or drinking
stamps|michigan|IsA|1 syllable word
basement|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
garage|apartment|HasProperty|used for storing cars
manual|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
discovery|performing|HasProperty|used to drive in
ceiling|home|IsA|specific part of a structure
school|person|HasProperty|a type of building
pond|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
morgue|house|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
bathroom|store|UsedFor|cleaning your body
shelf|store|MadeOf|wood
house|outside|HasA|roof
communication|agreement|IsA|negative feeling
hallway|friends|IsA|type /part of building
sun|sunshine|IsA|place
desktop|garage|AtLocation|indoors
apartment|floor|HasProperty|furniture
museum|homes|UsedFor|education
table|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
city|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
synagogue|map|HasA|walls
car|dinner|HasProperty|an object
backyard|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
hallway|woods|HasProperty|a room
idaho|unemployment|IsA|place you can visit
bathroom|desk|IsA|type of room
college|hotel|UsedFor|studying in
bridge|valley|UsedFor|driving on or over
table|corner|MadeOf|wood
boat|continent|HasProperty|human made
aquarium|valley|IsA|man made
wood|synagogue|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
supermarket|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
kitchen|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
nature|countryside|HasProperty|2 syllables
salad|market|UsedFor|healthy eating
trash|funeral|UsedFor|storing physical things
ceiling|moon|HasProperty|white
book|airport|AtLocation|library
door|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
drawer|bed|IsA|store items
restaurant|state|IsA|building
bedroom|street|AtLocation|inside a house
mansion|staircase|IsA|type of building
chairs|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
shelf|ceiling|MadeOf|wood
dust|library|AtLocation|in your home
performing|cut|IsA|emotion
wedding|tent|IsA|social event
suburb|montana|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
school|hotel|UsedFor|studying in
argument|defeat|HasA|physical element
building|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
shelf|basement|AtLocation|in a kitchen
sadness|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
synagogue|table|IsA|place or location
museum|corner|MadeOf|wood
switzerland|playground|HasProperty|a country
school|battle|PartOf|man body
florida|action|IsA|place you can visit
laughter|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
city|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
pain|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
light|sun|HasProperty|found in the house
carpet|synagogue|IsA|place or location
closet|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
university|student|IsA|location
paper|conference|UsedFor|reading
microwave|wall|HasA|use electricity
movies|box|CapableOf|be watched
bridge|sea|HasProperty|human made
loft|trunk|IsA|structure or building
enemies|competing|HasProperty|about negative conflict
refrigerator|can|HasA|plug or power source
shelf|books|IsA|furniture
anthology|countryside|IsA|something kept at home
shelf|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
england|mountains|IsA|place
bedroom|office|IsA|type of room
funeral|park|IsA|event
garden|canada|IsA|nature-related
wedding|earth|HasProperty|an event
movies|universe|IsA|place you can visit
road|valley|HasProperty|made by humans
television|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
table|case|IsA|something you eat off
hairbrush|house|CapableOf|move location
hotel|train|UsedFor|overnight stays
instruction|controversy|HasProperty|typically positive
conference|confession|IsA|place or location
hotel|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
park|universe|HasProperty|something you can touch
hotel|freeway|HasA|beds
carpet|house|UsedFor|sitting on
austria|picture|IsA|location
cave|wall|IsA|public place
garage|auditorium|IsA|building
china|suburb|HasProperty|a country
company|newspaper|HasA|use electricity
government|army|AtLocation|on map
inside|container|IsA|  place
burger|plate|IsA|type of food
desktop|dust|IsA|necessity for education
maine|ocean|IsA|country or state
cheese|market|IsA|type of food
like|love|UsedFor|hobbies
medium|ocean|IsA|physical item 
table|coffee|IsA|piece of furniture
hallway|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
butterflies|discovery|HasA|physical appearance
bed|apartment|MadeOf|wood
airport|bed|IsA|room or building
warehouse|fun|PartOf|house
synagogue|office|IsA|place of learning
passageway|gate|IsA|public place
driveway|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
wilderness|burrow|IsA|place
oklahoma|arkansas|IsA|state in uk
bathroom|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
auditorium|closet|IsA|building
drawer|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
pain|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
yard|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
bathroom|house|UsedFor|pooping
sahara|street|IsA|geographic location
bowl|field|CapableOf| be moved
food|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
desk|universe|HasProperty|found in the house
motel|city|UsedFor|over night stays 
closet|restaurant|HasProperty|a beverage
people|town|IsA|looks like paypal 
dust|ground|HasProperty|found inside a house
park|meeting|CapableOf|have people physically in it
paint|door|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
trauma|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
garage|shed|PartOf|house
people|sky|PartOf|an office
store|air|HasProperty|man made
demonstration|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
valley|bridge|HasA|water
party|human|HasA|usually have people inside
countryside|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
medium|fly|IsA|physical item 
ocean|closet|AtLocation|with water
notebook|conference|IsA|school supply
countryside|universe|CapableOf|be currently visited
pantry|table|HasA|store edible items
bay|fish|IsA|place that humans can swim
town|desert|IsA|place where you can live
plate|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
notebook|refrigerator|UsedFor|reading
china|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
marmoset|universe|IsA|animal or book
box|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
entertaining|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
library|doctor|IsA|room or building
bar|manual|CapableOf|be entered
listening|happiness|IsA|activity
house|water|AtLocation|at a home
bubblegum|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
beach|field|HasA|first letter b
newspaper|lawn|IsA|something kept a home
hospital|desktop|IsA|place
pond|garden|UsedFor|swimming
bathroom|field|CapableOf|be opened/closed
road|peanuts|UsedFor|travel
newspaper|information|IsA|something kept a home
book|pocket|UsedFor|reading
house|ocean|IsA|man made
drawer|coffee|IsA|piece of furniture
city|fish|HasProperty|human made
hallway|computer|IsA|room in a property
house|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
sorrow|pain|IsA|emotion
television|university|IsA|part media
closet|garage|UsedFor|storage
convention|synagogue|HasProperty|an event
field|washington|PartOf|a house/home
building|michigan|CapableOf|be made with bricks
bee|beach|CapableOf|fly
kitchen|plate|IsA|type of room in houses
embarrassment|knowledge|IsA|emotion
dinner|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
bedroom|conference|IsA|room in a house
demonstration|assessment|CapableOf|be attended
disneyland|snow|IsA|vacation destination
anger|excitement|IsA|negative feeling or expression
hotel|house|HasA|fee to visit
groceries|bottle|HasA|door
bearing|playground|HasA|first letter b
building|outdoors|CapableOf|be man made
heaven|cage|IsA|place
neighborhood|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
street|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
bathroom|television|IsA|room in a property
desert|sahara|AtLocation|at america
earth|opera|IsA|planet
kitchen|pizza|IsA|location or room
ground|arboretum|IsA|place where people live
skyscraper|yard|IsA|tall building
bar|valley|IsA|business that serves food
telephone|party|IsA|electronic device
countryside|pond|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
cupboard|roof|AtLocation|indoors
purse|action|IsA|thing you have on person
oklahoma|alabama|IsA|state in uk
door|classroom|MadeOf|wood
soup|market|IsA|food
yard|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
confession|musical|UsedFor|referring to humans
garage|closet|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
backpack|dust|HasProperty|an object
attic|bicycle|IsA|place
thinking|understanding|UsedFor|seeking an answer
classroom|dust|CapableOf|contain multiple people
sink|cupboard|UsedFor|washing or cooking
airport|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
bowl|desk|IsA|dish
happiness|battle|IsA|positive card
utah|oklahoma|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
table|house|UsedFor|sitting on
office|churchyard|AtLocation|indoors
attic|outside|IsA|room in a building
forest|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
church|desk|IsA|type of room
garage|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
bar|city|IsA|business that serves food
sun|kitchen|HasProperty|capable of burning you
jar|teacher|UsedFor|carrying things
birds|food|CapableOf|fly
refrigerator|home|HasProperty|a state in the usa
marmoset|mountains|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
school|sunshine|IsA|place or location to visit
mouse|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
garage|water|IsA|place
office|machine|UsedFor|communication
basement|street|PartOf|house
street|forest|HasProperty|man made
water|toilet|CapableOf|can you drink it
michigan|hallway|IsA|country or state
street|house|UsedFor|transportation
wilderness|lake|MadeOf|trees
restaurant|town|IsA|building
death|defeat|HasA|physical element
salad|potatoes|UsedFor|healthy eating
briefcase|classroom|UsedFor|carrying things
locker|notebook|HasA|walls
kitchen|restaurant|IsA|type of room
bed|wings|AtLocation|mostly inside
forest|moss|HasProperty|somewhere to go
sorrow|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
dancing|communication|IsA|physical emotion
apartment|skin|IsA|house where man live
backyard|kennel|IsA|place or location
lumberyard|bed|IsA|place or location
computer|apartment|AtLocation|inside a place of habitation
thinking|television|HasProperty|related to studying
hallway|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
hotel|hospital|UsedFor|a holiday
kitchen|container|IsA|room in a building
chicken|ocean|IsA|physical item 
garage|michigan|AtLocation|in united states
outdoors|forest|UsedFor|children to play
desktop|machine|UsedFor|communication
newspaper|color|PartOf|the human body
happiness|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
table|roof|AtLocation|indoors
forest|pond|IsA|nature-related
happiness|fun|IsA|emotion
bathroom|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
pain|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
synagogue|desktop|HasA|walls
home|magazine|IsA|room or building
headache|cleanliness|CapableOf|happiness
telephone|party|UsedFor|communication
india|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
home|cupboard|HasA|roof
house|toilet|UsedFor|formal learning
backyard|nature|IsA|part of a house
doorway|airport|PartOf|house 
ocean|boat|HasA|water
cut|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
college|toilet|IsA|place of learning
colorado|wilderness|HasA|car
desk|church|IsA|place of religion
shelf|beer|HasProperty|a beverage
battle|jail|HasProperty|outdoors
pocket|church|IsA|thing you have on person
depression|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
library|park|MadeOf|paper
sugar|bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
china|desert|IsA|n individual country
table|shelf|CapableOf|be held with one hand
kitchen|condiments|HasA|store edible items
cupboard|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
bay|bridge|HasA|water
shock|depression|IsA|something a baby could have
conference|apartment|HasProperty|an event
kitchens|onions|IsA|location or room
bathroom|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
oven|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
plate|dishwasher|IsA|something you eat off
rain|seattle|HasProperty|related to water falling
listening|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
factory|homes|IsA|place where people work
store|loft|HasA|ceiling
africa|world|IsA|continent
basement|shelf|HasA|door
leaves|roof|IsA|stone
oven|kitchen|MadeOf|metal
newspaper|airport|AtLocation|library
people|montana|IsA|place of religion
hospital|house|IsA|public place
opera|conference|UsedFor|putting on a show
homes|bed|CapableOf|be lived in
supermarket|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
cupboard|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
human|homes|CapableOf|move freely
computer|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
supermarket|building|HasA|ticket box usually
encyclopedia|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
park|plants|IsA|location
church|bathroom|IsA|building
washington|ontario|PartOf|america
countryside|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
city|country|CapableOf|place
enjoyment|communication|HasProperty|an emotion
desk|sky|IsA|item of furniture
bedroom|school|IsA|place to live
desert|summer|IsA|place
wilderness|ocean|HasA|earth
pantry|supermarket|MadeOf|metal
shelf|airport|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
building|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
nostalgia|sleep|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
auditorium|room|IsA|building
computer|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
office|backpack|IsA|building
library|field|UsedFor|studying
library|bedroom|CapableOf|have a street address
bed|furniture|MadeOf|wood
relaxation|action|IsA|physical state
bar|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
college|garden|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
countryside|box|PartOf|natural landscape
carnival|musical|IsA|place or location
pocket|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
office|party|IsA|place
manual|meeting|UsedFor|reading
bar|condiments|IsA|location or room
paper|garden|UsedFor|writing in
newspaper|thinking|IsA|part media
desk|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
information|car|UsedFor|news
museum|workplace|UsedFor|education
magazine|internet|CapableOf| be held in your hand
crying|nostalgia|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
kitchen|container|UsedFor|cooking
airport|floor|AtLocation|above the ground
basement|sewer|IsA|room
desert|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
car|love|HasA|use electricity
microwave|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
bubblegum|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
nature|water|HasProperty|white
library|atlas|HasA|walls
aquarium|boat|IsA|somewhere animals swim
battle|tension|HasA|physical element
manual|library|HasProperty|a publication
school|stadium|IsA|place of learning
wedding|tent|IsA|event
bed|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
human|skyscraper|CapableOf|move freely
food|glass|HasProperty|edible
picture|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
agreement|like|IsA|activity
newspaper|car|UsedFor|news
forest|sloth|IsA|place
garage|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
indiana|backyard|IsA|us state
desktop|shop|IsA|n electronic device
factory|band|IsA|type of building
kitchen|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
kitchen|stove|HasA|store edible items
computer|churchyard|AtLocation|in your company
people|church|IsA|place of religion
trauma|dream|IsA|negative feeling
candle|rain|HasProperty|white
hairbrush|home|CapableOf|move location
roof|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
garden|warehouse|UsedFor|generating products or plants
conference|building|CapableOf|be attended
money|change|IsA|thing you have on person
floor|exchange|UsedFor|furnishing a house
oven|food|CapableOf|cook things
grape|soup|CapableOf|be sweet
garage|television|IsA|type of building
bedroom|office|UsedFor|cooking
oven|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
refrigerators|container|UsedFor|keeping things cool
sadness|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
house|toilet|IsA|place you could sleep in
cupboard|box|IsA|furniture
china|desert|HasA|buildings in it
kitchen|television|HasA|usually have people inside
mexico|doctor|IsA|nation symbol
store|mail|IsA|structure or building
university|security|CapableOf|have people  inside
wisconsin|river|HasProperty|human made
university|europe|AtLocation|in a building
book|class|UsedFor|studying
container|cup|CapableOf|store things
person|house|PartOf|the human body
cupboard|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
anxiety|injury|IsA|colorful
box|store|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
refrigerator|market|CapableOf| be moved
bedroom|garage|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
ocean|box|PartOf|natural landscape
store|room|UsedFor|buying things
library|workplace|UsedFor|education
canada|outside|HasProperty|a country
kitchen|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
jar|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
computer|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
garden|corner|MadeOf|organic brown matter
electricity|house|MadeOf|wood
windowsill|beach|HasProperty|man-made
desk|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
anxiety|suicide|IsA|emotion
embarrassment|shock|IsA|emotion
lumberyard|wedding|IsA|place or location
floor|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
food|bedroom|HasProperty|edible
box|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
pantry|container|MadeOf|metal
cabinet|boxes|IsA|room (type)
basement|church|PartOf|house
cabinet|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
butterflies|birds|IsA|colorful
carpet|restaurant|IsA|place or location
cupboard|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
attic|outside|HasA|opening or door
class|game|HasA|person stood at the front
teaching|panic|IsA|negative emotion
wedding|skin|HasProperty|an event
kitchen|dishwasher|IsA|place to make food
hairbrush|drugstore|CapableOf|move location
school|dictionary|IsA|place
circus|montana|IsA|place of religion
pizza|supermarket|HasProperty|edible
hospital|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
arizona|colorado|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
alabama|mountains|IsA|country
battle|workplace|HasProperty|outdoors
bedroom|basement|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
sweat|argument|IsA|physical outcome
work|ceiling|HasA|use electricity
corner|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
kitchen|bedroom|HasProperty|used for cooking in
computer|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
classroom|drugstore|IsA|specific part of a structure
store|city|UsedFor|driving 
anger|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
bathroom|people|IsA|location
desk|table|IsA|1 syllable word
painting|ground|HasA|outdoor scenery
nightmares|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
wedding|river|IsA|place or location
apartment|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
school|box|IsA|place
death|aggression|HasA|physical element
entertaining|favors|IsA|enjoyable
smiles|love|UsedFor|hobbies
concert|building|UsedFor|travel
change|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
enjoyment|dancing|IsA|emotion
kitchen|home|IsA|specific part of a structure
bar|valley|IsA|building
library|park|UsedFor|education
food|cabinet|CapableOf|be eaten
drugstore|classroom|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
dishwasher|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
garage|trash|IsA|building
table|meeting|IsA|furniture
wilderness|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
kitchen|airport|AtLocation|in a house
boxes|store|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
movie|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
burrow|picture|PartOf|natural scenario
furniture|sewer|AtLocation|inside a person's home
ceiling|kitchen|PartOf|vehicle
chair|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
humiliation|learning|IsA|emotion
celebrating|love|IsA|physical emotion
box|peanuts|UsedFor|containing objects
water|pool|UsedFor|eating or drinking
carnival|germany|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
beach|bathroom|PartOf|natural landscape
mouth|garage|UsedFor|announcing something
car|house|HasProperty|an object
airport|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
motel|ocean|IsA|building
house|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
roof|house|IsA|specific part of a structure
bar|town|IsA|building
death|anger|HasA|physical element
celebrating|laughter|IsA|physical emotion
encyclopedia|commercial|CapableOf|be read
knowledge|meeting|UsedFor|learning
fly|colorado|IsA|activity 
hotel|bathroom|IsA|public place
bedroom|apartment|AtLocation|in a building
party|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
trouble|canada|CapableOf|make you do something
doorway|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
kitchens|shelf|IsA|type of business
toilet|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
opera|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
dictionary|drink|IsA|animal or book
trash|mouse|CapableOf|cooking
classroom|computer|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
garage|university|AtLocation|home
television|jar|CapableOf|be watched
antarctica|pantry|IsA|place to store items
meeting|game|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
church|convention|IsA|planet
pantry|wall|UsedFor|storage
desktop|roof|IsA|room
carpet|basement|IsA|place or location
kitchen|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
countryside|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
bedroom|roof|IsA|place to sleep
river|ocean|HasA|salty water
garage|box|UsedFor|storing vehicles
pool|puddle|IsA|physical item 
town|wedding|UsedFor|living inside of
room|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
money|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
confusion|teaching|IsA|negative feeling or expression
opera|internet|IsA|location
roof|store|PartOf|house
creek|woods|MadeOf|water
maine|park|IsA|us state
trunk|clothes|UsedFor|to keep items
park|universe|IsA|place you can visit
closet|windowsill|HasProperty|used for storage
bag|store|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
montana|desert|IsA|residential area
birds|pride|CapableOf|fly
bathroom|field|UsedFor|cleaning your body
tent|town|UsedFor|camping
pencils|container|UsedFor|writing
battle|defeat|HasA|physical element
shed|container|IsA|structure or building
confession|park|HasA|ticket box usually
outside|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
house|computer|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
happiness|cut|CapableOf|tell stories
jar|store|UsedFor|living
windowsill|box|PartOf|physical structure
church|country|UsedFor|worship
restaurant|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
wedding|car|IsA|location
arboretum|apartment|HasProperty|a state in the usa
jail|elevator|IsA|place you visit
trauma|hunger|IsA|negative feeling
china|city|IsA|residential area
backpack|office|CapableOf|be worn
theater|body|IsA|place
house|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
class|newspaper|HasProperty|related to studying
outside|roof|MadeOf|natural materials
encyclopedia|color|UsedFor|studying
punishment|field|CapableOf|make you sad
fun|tears|IsA|enjoyable
funeral|kitchen|IsA|ceremony
coffee|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
ocean|imagination|IsA|place of religion
kentucky|beaver|PartOf|political geographical area
mexico|america|IsA|state
wedding|candy|IsA|event
apartment|skin|IsA|place
classroom|hallway|IsA|room
person|conference|IsA|human or part of human
michigan|yard|IsA|country or state
potatoes|bathroom|IsA|food
condiments|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
mouse|attic|HasProperty|found below ground level
farmyard|horse|IsA|location
magazines|porch|UsedFor|reading
table|stamps|IsA|furniture
table|market|IsA|piece of furniture
supermarket|manual|CapableOf|be entered
jar|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
fulfillment|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
market|bread|IsA|location or room
porch|dentist|IsA|room or building
room|roof|IsA|building
automobile|safe|CapableOf|be lived in
laughter|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
supermarket|shelf|HasA|edible items for sale
roof|countryside|HasProperty|man made
office|ocean|HasProperty|a type of building
wallet|casino|IsA|thing you have on person
beach|landfill|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
airport|store|UsedFor|a holiday
boat|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
glass|ocean|IsA|physical item 
apartment|bathroom|UsedFor| gathering together
cup|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
university|encyclopedia|IsA|place people can meet
wallet|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
room|rug|HasA|ceiling
library|meeting|CapableOf|have people physically in it
building|basement|HasA|a bath
cellar|funeral|IsA|structure or building
kitchen|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
library|clothing|IsA|room or building
garden|desert|HasProperty|man made
problems|nightmares|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
pride|contemplating|IsA|colorful
table|nursery|IsA|something kept at home
club|throne|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
refrigerator|air|PartOf|food and drink
trash|library|IsA|something kept a home
river|pond|IsA|place that humans can swim
carpet|roof|PartOf|the interior of a building
bathroom|home|IsA|type of room
refrigerator|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
yard|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
birds|heaven|CapableOf|fly
cupboard|store|CapableOf| be moved
montana|countryside|IsA|state
thinking|color|HasProperty|related to studying
bedroom|sewer|IsA|room in a building
drawer|michigan|UsedFor|storage
television|library|IsA|n electronic device
bottle|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
disneyland|conference|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
apartment|room|IsA|building
playground|outside|HasProperty|made by humans
pain|shock|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
auditorium|party|IsA|building
supermarket|skin|IsA|place
park|rosebush|IsA|outdoor location
kitchen|friends|IsA|type /part of building
pond|town|UsedFor|swimming
love|agreement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
barn|laugh|HasProperty|a type of property
backpack|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
utensils|case|UsedFor|eating
automobile|kitchen|HasProperty|easily movable
store|sky|PartOf|physical structure
purse|supermarket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
lemur|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
school|sloth|IsA|place
store|sky|HasProperty|man-made
cat|carpet|IsA|a animal
motel|garage|HasA|fee to visit
mexico|playground|IsA|nation
wall|floor|PartOf|building a house
apartment|warehouse|IsA|private space
confession|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
sea|sunbathers|IsA|place
tension|battle|IsA|feeling or emotion
table|sink|IsA|furniture
briefcase|teacher|UsedFor|carrying things
silence|choir|IsA|tv show
drawer|stuff|IsA|furniture
people|ceiling|PartOf|an office
ballpark|rosebush|IsA|place or location
beach|yard|UsedFor|swimming
pantry|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
shelf|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
school|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
dance|good|IsA|action
hospital|desktop|HasProperty|a property 
bathroom|countryside|HasProperty|part of your  house
america|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
competing|defeat|IsA|positive card
toilet|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
cabinet|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
supermarket|shower|HasA|door
circus|monastery|IsA|place of religion
building|office|IsA|type of room
room|rug|CapableOf|sleeping
homes|school|PartOf|house 
dancing|suicide|IsA|associated to a positive experience
trunk|store|MadeOf|wood
bedroom|table|IsA|type /part of building
office|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
fire|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
closet|ground|HasA|opening or door
detroit|human|IsA|place where you can visit
college|bathroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
office|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
glass|fly|IsA|physical item 
garden|conference|HasProperty|sold in stores
ceiling|place|PartOf|house
heaven|conference|IsA|religious card
corner|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
confession|heaven|IsA|place of religion
knowledge|gentleman|UsedFor|learning
warehouse|michigan|AtLocation|in united states
bedroom|party|IsA|place
cave|coats|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
refrigerator|jail|PartOf|food and drink
supermarket|musical|HasA|ticket box usually
michigan|office|IsA|country or state
jar|space|UsedFor|containing objects
bee|michigan|CapableOf|fly
pan|food|CapableOf|cook
california|burrow|IsA|place
table|books|HasProperty|furniture
disneyland|sea|IsA|vacation destination
dishwasher|park|AtLocation|inside a house
school|band|IsA|place
discovery|thinking|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
bathroom|restaurant|HasProperty|a room
wedding|people|IsA|location
concert|school|UsedFor|recreation activity
florida|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
church|restaurant|UsedFor|worship
market|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
cabinet|stuff|IsA|furniture
montana|tent|IsA|planet
bird|forest|CapableOf|fly
kitchen|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
briefcase|cabinet|UsedFor|carrying things
television|encyclopedia|HasA|screen
desk|airport|IsA|item of furniture
information|jellyfish|UsedFor|reading
bedroom|kitchen|CapableOf|be slept in
den|pantry|HasA|ceiling
bridge|ocean|IsA|man made
clothing|gentleman|UsedFor|wearing
conference|park|HasA|ticket box usually
anxiety|food|IsA|emotion
bird|valley|IsA|1 syllable word
desk|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
desktop|glass|HasProperty|hot
college|concert|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
magazines|clothing|UsedFor|reading
store|bag|IsA|structure or building
cupboard|backpack|UsedFor|storage
school|wilderness|HasProperty|in or is a building
effort|stress|IsA|positive card
bathroom|castle|PartOf|house 
happiness|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
thinking|headache|UsedFor|seeking an answer
refrigerators|condiments|HasA|store edible items
suburb|house|HasA|buildings in it
bowl|store|CapableOf| be moved
paper|classroom|UsedFor|carrying things
bathroom|human|PartOf|house 
food|shelf|HasProperty|edible
restaurant|woods|IsA|type of building
sun|government|IsA|object/thing
house|room|HasProperty|associated with drinking
roof|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
supermarket|movies|IsA|public building
frustration|heart|IsA|feeling
supermarket|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
bay|ocean|AtLocation|inland
jar|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
church|opera|UsedFor|worship
homes|wings|CapableOf|be lived in
desk|dust|IsA|necessity for education
desk|wall|IsA|item of furniture
australia|countryside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
school|closet|CapableOf|have a street address
fun|talk|IsA|mental state
classroom|cabinet|UsedFor|viewing/reading
sun|snow|HasProperty|hot
shelf|corner|MadeOf|wood
church|closet|IsA|place to pray
burrow|fox|PartOf|natural scenario
headache|arguments|CapableOf|happiness
internet|car|UsedFor|news
utensils|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
desk|ceiling|IsA|item of furniture
opera|lamp|MadeOf|wood
bowl|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
notes|library|IsA|object
dictionary|chair|UsedFor|viewing/reading
switzerland|park|HasProperty|a country
restaurant|suit|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
homes|human|CapableOf|be lived in
library|television|HasProperty|related to studying
market|shelf|IsA|type of shop
fear|contemplating|IsA|negative emotion
manual|park|MadeOf|paper
classroom|wall|UsedFor|reading
forest|magazine|IsA|place
happiness|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
bar|jail|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
computer|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
library|table|IsA|a place to read books
school|television|IsA|public building
nature|backyard|MadeOf|living parts
food|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
shelf|company|AtLocation|library
restaurants|balloon|PartOf|food and drink
concert|garage|IsA|sound
cupboard|glass|IsA|furniture
classroom|internet|IsA|location
knowledge|embarrassment|IsA|positive thing
trash|kitchen|CapableOf|cooking
washington|grape|IsA|location
corporation|country|HasProperty|powerful
people|theater|UsedFor|buying food
skin|theater|HasProperty|part of a human
portfolio|refrigerator|UsedFor|reading
grape|store|CapableOf|be sweet
convention|earth|HasProperty|an event
bedroom|woods|AtLocation|in a building
greenhouse|pot|IsA|building
bee|forest|IsA|living thing
park|concert|IsA|place
seattle|rain|IsA|type of land
mountains|snow|IsA|place
rug|desk|HasProperty|flat
chair|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
bar|air|PartOf|food and drink
theater|buildings|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
desk|god|IsA|place of religion
restaurant|wedding|IsA|place
cellar|fun|PartOf|house
rug|warehouse|AtLocation|inside a person's home
restaurant|club|HasA|person stood at the front
library|hallway|HasProperty|a public place
park|jellyfish|CapableOf|have people inside
toilet|house|UsedFor|washing
garbage|landfill|HasA|opening or door
home|california|IsA|building
bar|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
morgue|person|HasA|exterior walls
hotel|connection|IsA|business
store|room|IsA|type of building
house|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
bottle|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
jail|bread|CapableOf|be entered
hospital|telephone|IsA|building 
stove|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
car|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
dishwasher|floor|HasProperty|furniture
blanket|city|AtLocation|inside a house
trash|disneyland|HasProperty|found in the garden
automobile|trunk|HasA|four wheels
attic|mail|IsA|room in a home
bathroom|market|UsedFor|cleaning your body
dishwasher|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
seattle|disneyland|HasProperty|associated with the environment
chair|wood|HasProperty|furniture in a house
park|forest|UsedFor|children to play
ocean|waterfall|IsA|place that humans can swim
dancing|favors|IsA|physical emotion
chocolate|school|CapableOf|be eaten
television|meeting|HasA|screen
desert|books|MadeOf|sand mostly
bedroom|passageway|IsA|place to live
closet|trunk|IsA|structure or building
attic|sugar|IsA|room in a building
human|aircraft|MadeOf|by man
funeral|theater|IsA| event
library|hotel|UsedFor|studying in
shed|bag|IsA|structure or building
school|party|IsA|place
dinner|drawer|UsedFor|eating
library|floor|CapableOf|provide a service
universe|front|HasProperty|related to planets
corner|carpet|AtLocation|in your home
jail|clothing|IsA|room or building
telephone|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
trash|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
car|book|HasA|use electricity
lamp|air|HasProperty|white
valley|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
trash|shed|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
mountain|roof|PartOf|natural landscape
maine|rosebush|IsA|us state
restaurants|refrigerator|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
computer|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
table|toilet|IsA|furniture
cupboard|clothing|UsedFor|storage
library|ground|IsA|place you can go
airplane|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
wall|roof|AtLocation|indoors
library|manual|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
desk|montana|IsA|n item of furniture
himalayas|picture|IsA|location
table|demonstration|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
china|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
school|band|PartOf|man body
school|hotel|IsA|object
wedding|bathroom|UsedFor| gathering together
television|apartment|UsedFor|storing things inside
montana|neighborhood|IsA|state
pond|bay|IsA|small body of water
television|meeting|AtLocation|on a shelf
china|street|IsA|place where you can live
communication|smiles|IsA|activity
allergies|cleanliness|CapableOf|happiness
mouse|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
potatoes|market|IsA|food
house|shelf|HasA|doors
box|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
restaurants|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
hospital|street|IsA|building
roof|countryside|HasProperty|man-made
oklahoma|fox|IsA|state in uk
apartment|arboretum|IsA|place where people live
manual|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
sun|trouble|IsA|object/thing
river|table|IsA|place or location
kitchen|universe|CapableOf|be currently visited
theater|key|IsA|place you can visit
convention|town|HasProperty|an event
library|park|UsedFor|reading
outside|waterfall|HasProperty|somewhere to go
backpack|classroom|IsA|school supply
france|burrow|IsA|place
dishes|window|IsA|object
sea|boat|HasA|water
floor|house|UsedFor|sitting on
plate|table|IsA|dish
pain|remembering|IsA|feeling/emotion
airport|love|HasA|airplanes
dinner|utensils|UsedFor|to keep items
instruction|pain|HasProperty|typically positive
supermarket|alcohol|IsA|public place
contemplating|headache|UsedFor|seeking an answer
theater|jar|IsA|place to be entertained
wall|picture|MadeOf|wood
utah|wine|IsA|us state
party|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
wedding|street|IsA|place or location
casino|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
nature|trouble|MadeOf|living parts
bathroom|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
store|jar|IsA|location
burrow|outside|PartOf|natural scenario
conference|person|CapableOf|make a sound
shoes|park|AtLocation|inside a house
cut|food|IsA|physical damage to the body
toronto|garage|IsA|place
battle|effort|HasProperty|about  clashes
entertainment|stupid|HasProperty|an action
casino|jar|IsA|place to be entertained
plate|cupboard|UsedFor|eating
encyclopedia|color|HasProperty|related to studying
dictionary|california|CapableOf|be read
factory|human|IsA|place
kitchen|drink|IsA|place or location to visit
candy|television|UsedFor|eating
book|television|CapableOf| be held in your hand
yard|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
driveway|newspaper|UsedFor|transportation
school|car|AtLocation|on the map
change|florida|CapableOf|be held in your hands
apartment|mouse|IsA|building
hospital|house|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
jungle|rosebush|IsA|outdoor area
city|desert|HasA|buildings in it
chocolate|box|UsedFor|eating
bedroom|music|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
kitchen|jar|IsA|location
grape|apartment|IsA|sweet or savory
kitchen|woods|HasProperty|a room
oven|glass|MadeOf|metal
synagogue|cabinet|HasA|walls
garden|outdoors|CapableOf|be man made
drawer|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
hospital|war|HasA|exterior walls
rug|room|UsedFor|standing on
concert|silence|UsedFor|live performances
classroom|briefcase|HasA|walls
death|animals|PartOf|the human body
beach|sunbathers|IsA|place
desk|office|IsA|n item of furniture
forest|mexico|IsA|nature-related
chair|circus|IsA|n item of furniture
communication|enjoyment|IsA|activity
computer|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
buildings|car|HasProperty|a gathering place
frustration|controversy|IsA|feeling
office|classroom|IsA|building
trees|street|MadeOf|wood
university|bicycle|IsA|place
suffering|pain|IsA|reaction
marmoset|commercial|IsA|animal or book
birds|food|IsA|animal
garage|hallway|IsA|room
university|computer|IsA|location
anxiety|contemplating|IsA|colorful
pen|pocket|UsedFor|writing
pleasure|communication|IsA|feeling
manual|meeting|HasProperty|a publication
shelf|dishes|IsA|furniture
kitchen|garage|UsedFor|cooking
stadium|house|UsedFor|sporting events
basement|cellar|IsA|room
opera|town|HasA|ticket box usually
nature|sky|MadeOf|trees
door|paint|MadeOf|wood
plate|ground|CapableOf|be purchased
country|america|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
africa|ocean|PartOf|the continent 
dancing|fun|IsA|physical emotion
body|theater|HasProperty|part of a human
office|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
loft|trash|IsA|structure or building
bar|party|CapableOf|be closed
bathroom|class|PartOf|building
toilet|classroom|UsedFor|urination
canada|yard|IsA|country or state
bathroom|garage|AtLocation|in a building
england|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
fear|thinking|IsA|negative emotion
city|wedding|AtLocation|on a map
jail|love|UsedFor|a gathering of people
money|instruction|IsA|negative thing
jar|food|CapableOf|store things
roof|loft|PartOf|vehicle
magazine|universe|CapableOf|be read
bedroom|container|IsA|room (type)
pan|shelf|CapableOf|cook
park|town|IsA|nature-related
books|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
cupboard|case|IsA|furniture
cupboard|dust|HasProperty|an object
spoon|food|AtLocation|in a house
bee|store|IsA|living thing
homes|human|UsedFor|a gathering of people
lake|sky|MadeOf|water
castle|school|CapableOf|be lived in
montana|kentucky|IsA|border state
pizza|bar|IsA|type of food
talk|fun|IsA|verb
confession|desk|IsA|religious card
marmoset|sunshine|IsA|animal or book
table|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
park|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
garage|bathroom|IsA|building
oven|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
chair|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
people|wedding|IsA|looks like paypal 
bedroom|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
cage|countryside|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
bar|cabinet|UsedFor|storing things inside
palace|person|HasA|exterior walls
bed|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
disneyland|rain|PartOf|city
papers|desktop|AtLocation|in bathroom
house|groceries|HasA|roof
school|countryside|HasProperty|in or is a building
airplane|detroit|UsedFor|eating
assessment|mouth|CapableOf|make a sound
bank|cabinet|IsA|room
creek|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
sun|house|HasProperty|capable of burning you
television|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
conference|people|IsA|location
cupboard|shower|AtLocation|in a kitchen
shelf|groceries|UsedFor|storage 
table|magazines|UsedFor|furniture
skyscraper|school|PartOf|house 
salad|restaurant|UsedFor|healthy eating
sorrow|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
garage|corner|MadeOf|wood
table|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
sink|moon|PartOf|kitchen
outdoors|windowsill|IsA|natural thing
picture|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
airplane|human|UsedFor|eating
airport|hospital|UsedFor|a holiday
reflection|cut|IsA|emotion
desk|shelf|UsedFor|viewing/reading
plate|ground|HasProperty|used at meal time
candy|families|CapableOf|be eaten
nightmares|depression|IsA|something a baby could have
cheese|kitchen|IsA|type of food
plate|desk|IsA|something you eat off
burrow|marmoset|AtLocation|below
conference|town|HasProperty|a gathering place
universe|ballpark|HasA|to do with planets
hospital|freeway|HasA|beds
lamp|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
apartment|conference|IsA|place
happiness|like|IsA|emotion
kitchen|basement|UsedFor|cooking
car|roof|HasProperty|capable of burning you
hotel|television|IsA|public building
hospital|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
desktop|ceiling|HasA|use electricity
building|carpet|IsA|type of room
skin|town|HasProperty|part of a human
town|people|IsA|location
russia|hole|IsA|country
desk|cabinet|UsedFor|viewing/reading
stove|inside|AtLocation|in a house
table|closet|UsedFor|sitting on
water|river|UsedFor|eating or drinking
knowledge|pain|IsA|positive thing
bedroom|table|MadeOf|wood
death|synagogue|PartOf|the human body
table|kitchen|IsA|furniture
clock|work|CapableOf|show you time
laughter|entertaining|IsA|activity
trash|greenhouse|CapableOf|cooking
cupboard|museum|MadeOf|wood
library|party|HasProperty|a place you can work
forest|box|PartOf|natural landscape
wedding|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
carpet|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
workplace|band|IsA|place
wilderness|sloth|IsA|place or location to visit
school|toilet|IsA|place of learning
tension|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
apartment|town|HasProperty|a type of home
museum|hallway|IsA|room
canada|restaurant|IsA|place you visit often
pain|trauma|IsA|something a baby could have
bedroom|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
conference|supermarket|UsedFor| gathering together
supermarket|soup|IsA|location
refrigerator|bar|HasA|plug or power source
classroom|computer|IsA|room in a property
apartment|concert|IsA|place or location
desert|disneyland|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
roof|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
wedding|supermarket|IsA|event
thinking|food|IsA|emotion
body|opera|HasProperty|part of a human
hotel|library|HasA|bed for sleeping
cupboard|shower|HasA|door
pantry|can|UsedFor|storing things in
bathroom|opera|PartOf|building
attic|hope|HasProperty|found in the house
embarrassment|crying|IsA|emotion
microwave|basement|IsA|physical and movable item
fear|injury|IsA|negative emotion
garage|shelf|UsedFor|storage
enjoyment|fulfillment|IsA|activity
house|rain|AtLocation|at a home
himalayas|mountain|IsA|location
park|chair|IsA|place where you can visit
hotel|human|IsA|building
wilderness|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
hotel|cave|UsedFor|a holiday
ceiling|hallway|HasProperty|white
entertaining|tears|IsA|enjoyable
apartment|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
cat|home|IsA|informal term for youth
cave|office|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
restaurant|mouse|IsA|building
pantry|bathroom|AtLocation|in a kitchen
factory|michigan|UsedFor|generating products or plants
happiness|food|CapableOf|tell stories
chair|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
rug|apartment|AtLocation|inside a person's home
bowl|movie|IsA|dish
garden|vase|IsA|place
table|apartment|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
bubblegum|jar|CapableOf|hold objects
loft|drugstore|IsA|specific part of a structure
street|swimming|HasProperty|man made
candle|water|HasProperty|white
desk|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
hairbrush|classroom|AtLocation|in your room
concert|lamp|MadeOf|wood
garage|animals|HasA|exterior walls
demonstration|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
house|apartment|IsA|building
synagogue|backpack|IsA|place of learning
body|conference|UsedFor|buying food
river|wilderness|HasA|water
cabinet|window|IsA|furniture
automobile|bedroom|HasProperty|easily movable
aggression|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
aquarium|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
park|greenhouse|HasA|green plant
embarrassment|pain|IsA|emotion
classroom|building|IsA|specific part of a structure
rock|ground|HasA|outdoor scenery
kentucky|ontario|PartOf|america
doorway|birds|AtLocation|mostly inside
bed|shop|IsA|physical item 
bedroom|house|IsA|room
lemur|field|IsA|animal
bedroom|desktop|UsedFor|sleeping on
workplace|human|AtLocation|indoors
nest|box|PartOf|physical structure
satisfaction|talk|IsA|feeling
office|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
table|anthology|UsedFor|storing items
pantry|plate|IsA|type of room in houses
earth|convention|IsA|planet
yard|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
skin|town|UsedFor|buying food
ontario|canada|IsA|province instead of country
bedroom|concert|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
bank|dirt|HasA|feet to stand 
jail|porch|UsedFor|sleeping in
telephone|mouth|IsA|electronic device
jar|carnival|UsedFor|storage
garden|windowsill|AtLocation|outside
trunk|utensils|UsedFor|to keep items
market|flowers|UsedFor|storing items
sea|wilderness|HasA|water
garage|disneyland|HasProperty|found in the garden
arizona|texas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
information|field|HasProperty|related to studying
suffering|love|IsA|reaction
refrigerators|pantry|UsedFor|cooling things
encyclopedia|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
porch|hotel|IsA|object
roof|carpet|UsedFor|building the structure of house
room|street|PartOf|house
motel|corner|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
regret|talk|IsA|feeling
garage|safe|CapableOf|store a car
clothing|closet|HasProperty|an object
hallway|museum|HasProperty|a room
hallway|exchange|IsA|type of room
kitchen|house|IsA|room
apartment|auditorium|IsA|building
arizona|america|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
field|suffering|UsedFor|punish
magazines|doctor|IsA|physical item 
england|outside|IsA|country or state name
cabinet|pantry|IsA|place to store items
forest|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
bathroom|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
university|color|IsA|place to study
airplane|castle|CapableOf|fly
aircraft|school|CapableOf|fly
people|theater|IsA|looks like paypal 
sailboat|mess|AtLocation|with water
basement|sewer|IsA|room (type)
leaves|street|PartOf|nature
refrigerators|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
problems|sorrow|IsA|something a baby could have
subdivision|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
bed|paperwork|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
toilet|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
answer|jar|IsA|reply to a question
attic|water|PartOf|house
park|playground|IsA|nature-related
table|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
warehouse|street|PartOf|house
hotel|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
office|cabinet|HasA|walls
dishes|apartment|IsA|object
bedroom|coats|HasA|bed for sleeping
disneyland|seattle|IsA|popular attraction
home|shower|HasA|door
refrigerator|oven|HasA|store edible items
cat|room|IsA|informal term for youth
synagogue|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
bread|kitchen|IsA|type of food
russia|cage|IsA|country
opera|town|HasProperty|a gathering place
house|ground|IsA|building
door|wall|MadeOf|wood
house|office|HasProperty|a building to live in
school|human|AtLocation|indoors
restaurant|throne|IsA|place people can meet
map|locker|CapableOf|be used for travel
drawer|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
class|church|UsedFor|learning
bread|car|PartOf|food and drink
building|attic|CapableOf|be made with bricks
bedroom|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
boat|pool|UsedFor|transportation
michigan|steakhouse|IsA|us state
field|ground|PartOf|nature
park|dog|IsA|place or location
university|movies|HasProperty|something you can touch
carrots|cupboard|IsA|food
dishwasher|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
town|trees|UsedFor|children to play
park|air|IsA|location
carpet|floor|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
party|wires|IsA|list of alphabets
table|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
exercise|discipline|CapableOf|cause injury
hotel|cave|HasA|beds
porch|light|MadeOf|wood
school|marmoset|IsA|place or location to visit
squirrel|tree|IsA|animal
encyclopedia|field|UsedFor|studying
apartment|tile|HasProperty|a type of building
magazine|home|UsedFor|reading
toilet|museum|AtLocation|in a building
blood|school|PartOf|the human body
weather|forest|HasProperty|related to water falling
backpack|dinner|HasProperty|an object
egypt|excavation|IsA|location
enjoyment|entertaining|HasProperty|an emotion
drawer|cabinet|CapableOf|be opened
bubblegum|store|IsA|thing you have on person
kitchen|boxes|UsedFor|cooking
den|cabinet|HasA|ceiling
school|human|HasProperty|child friendly
farm|london|IsA|something you can own
trauma|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
basement|container|IsA|structure or building
restaurant|soup|CapableOf|be opened/closed
cabinet|backpack|IsA|furniture
stove|food|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
park|dog|IsA|outdoor area
university|information|IsA|place to study
palace|blood|HasA|exterior walls
happiness|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
park|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
park|windowsill|IsA|place
museum|factory|UsedFor|children to study
cave|connection|IsA|public place
plate|cabinet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
playground|street|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
bathroom|woods|AtLocation|in a building
bed|inside|HasProperty|furniture in a house
oven|table|MadeOf|metal
boat|synagogue|IsA|place or location
purse|action|UsedFor|living
mountains|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
people|conference|UsedFor|buying food
university|bathroom|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
bed|theater|HasProperty|found in a house
ground|restaurant|AtLocation|in your home
classroom|pocket|IsA|place where students learn
store|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
playground|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
workplace|homes|IsA|place where people work
classroom|bathroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
australia|forest|IsA|proper noun
woods|bird|MadeOf|trees
hospital|city|IsA|business that serves food
ocean|america|MadeOf|water
windowsill|sky|PartOf|physical structure
wedding|supermarket|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
desert|garden|IsA|big space
person|barn|AtLocation|at a house
injury|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
bedroom|sink|HasProperty|a room in a residence
classroom|cabinet|IsA|place people can visit
dinner|michigan|UsedFor|eating
airplane|roof|CapableOf|move location
restaurants|balloon|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
food|school|CapableOf|be eaten
shed|funeral|IsA|structure or building
arkansas|tennessee|HasA|start with a
drawer|airport|IsA|physical item 
bowl|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
cabinet|refrigerator|IsA|furniture
motel|corner|IsA|building
soup|pool|UsedFor|eating or drinking
clouds|dust|PartOf|the sky
universe|box|HasA|to do with planets
carpet|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
continent|ocean|CapableOf|be walked on
apartment|cup|AtLocation|on the map
backpack|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
kitchen|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
confession|chair|IsA|place of religion
roof|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
bowl|restaurant|IsA|dish
bathroom|museum|AtLocation|in a building
continent|america|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
basement|trunk|IsA|room in a home
stable|city|UsedFor| housing animals
shelf|company|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
shelf|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
university|box|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
anxiety|pride|IsA|emotion
home|castle|PartOf|house 
hallway|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
hospital|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
house|human|HasA|usually have people inside
school|magazine|IsA|place
sea|summer|IsA|place
garden|michigan|AtLocation|in united states
trash|disneyland|CapableOf|cooking
pantry|supermarket|UsedFor|storage
street|closet|IsA|mode of transportation
trauma|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
car|chair|HasA|four wheels
magazines|bed|UsedFor|reading 
supermarket|church|UsedFor|buying food
wilderness|bird|MadeOf|trees
knowledge|depression|IsA|positive thing
paper|classroom|IsA|school supply
synagogue|paper|CapableOf|have people go inside
mountain|sky|PartOf|natural landscape
bridge|playground|CapableOf|be drived on with car
church|supermarket|UsedFor|learning
forest|rain|IsA|geographic location
street|carpet|IsA|place or location
drawer|dishes|IsA|furniture
bathroom|audience|IsA|location
person|synagogue|AtLocation|at a house
shop|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
couch|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
cut|anxiety|IsA|physical damage to the body
container|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
computer|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
city|lights|CapableOf|have people physically in it
concert|table|MadeOf|wood
neighborhood|house|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
toilet|table|CapableOf|opened or closed
movement|discipline|HasA|m at the beginning
revelations|thinking|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
peanuts|space|HasProperty|related to children
sadness|pleasure|IsA|negative feeling
mountain|picture|IsA|location
lamp|theater|CapableOf|plug into the wall
church|room|IsA|place to pray
bedroom|house|AtLocation|inside someone's home
food|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
florida|building|IsA|us state
computer|valley|AtLocation|in your company
floor|jail|IsA|physical item 
floor|ocean|UsedFor|sitting on
cup|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
australia|hole|IsA|place
africa|america|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
concert|auditorium|IsA| event
books|countryside|CapableOf|be read
seattle|snow|IsA|brand
desk|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
carpet|frogs|AtLocation|in a home
grape|market|IsA|food
controversy|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
pantry|house|AtLocation|in a kitchen
house|basement|HasA|roof
morgue|battlefield|HasA|exterior walls
car|clothing|UsedFor|storage
garden|throne|IsA|place people can meet
switzerland|mountain|HasProperty|a country
rain|desert|HasProperty|related to water falling
closet|utensils|UsedFor|to keep items
porch|airport|AtLocation|in a house
office|pocket|IsA|building
museum|human|IsA|place
desk|apartment|UsedFor|sitting on
notes|house|IsA|object
pleasure|communication|IsA|happy card
building|trees|CapableOf|be man made
inspiration|problems|HasProperty|typically positive
problems|controversy|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
cabinet|michigan|IsA|furniture
pantry|cup|HasA|store edible items
house|clothes|UsedFor|storage
anxiety|butterflies|IsA|emotion
exhaustion|cleanliness|CapableOf|happiness
kitchen|disneyland|IsA|place to make food
sink|jar|PartOf|kitchen
groceries|jar|HasA|door
disneyland|sunshine|IsA|place
problems|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
kitchen|box|IsA|location
wedding|montana|HasProperty|an event
hallway|table|HasProperty|able to be entered
squirrel|yard|IsA|animal
africa|country|PartOf|the continent 
refrigerator|groceries|HasA|plug or power source
loft|box|IsA|room in a home
table|mess|UsedFor|sitting on
dinner|color|PartOf|the human body
kitchen|condiments|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
pantry|container|UsedFor|keeping things cool
manual|internet|MadeOf|paper
bedroom|program|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
room|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
newspaper|work|MadeOf|paper
bedroom|persia|PartOf|house
house|roof|AtLocation|outside
desktop|party|HasProperty|used for learning
jar|garden|UsedFor|storage
pond|forest|CapableOf|be man made
basement|table|IsA|type of room
dinner|shelf|MadeOf|food
plate|desk|UsedFor|eating
desert|sahara|HasProperty|associated with the environment
library|human|IsA|place
bedroom|exchange|IsA|room in a house
conference|chair|UsedFor|praying
bathroom|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
shock|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
pocket|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
refrigerators|plate|HasA|store edible items
house|hole|IsA|place or location to visit
hotel|wires|IsA|building 
house|war|HasA|exterior walls
hospital|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
desk|clock|MadeOf|wood
countryside|roof|PartOf|nature
garage|pot|IsA|building
synagogue|animals|HasA|exterior walls
radio|closet|CapableOf|make sounds
clock|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
pen|container|IsA|school supply
bar|classroom|IsA|type of building
speaker|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
shoes|outside|AtLocation|inside a house
lemur|heaven|IsA|animal
alabama|oklahoma|HasA|start with a
basement|moon|AtLocation|at a home
library|backpack|IsA|building
restaurant|bowl|IsA|building
internet|information|HasA|letter e in it
carpet|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
container|cabinet|UsedFor|carrying things
suburbs|roadway|HasA|buildings in it
homes|bathroom|CapableOf|be lived in
conference|town|HasProperty|an event
shelf|microwave|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
medium|river|IsA|physical item 
canada|army|AtLocation|on map
garage|laugh|HasProperty|a type of property
cabinet|container|IsA|room (type)
jar|trunk|AtLocation|in a kitchen
church|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
garage|person|HasProperty|a type of property
school|house|IsA|place of learning
pencils|store|IsA|school supply
floor|shop|IsA|physical item 
mexico|jail|HasProperty|outdoors
restaurant|valley|IsA|building
cave|company|IsA|public place
sink|fly|IsA|physical item 
bee|store|CapableOf|fly
house|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
morgue|war|HasA|exterior walls
salad|market|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
boat|ocean|HasProperty|human made
atlas|desktop|UsedFor|reading
refrigerators|plate|CapableOf|store things
television|corner|IsA|n electronic device
rain|sahara|HasProperty|associated with the environment
park|sunbathers|IsA|place
garage|drawer|PartOf|house
classroom|conference|IsA|place where students learn
pantry|bottle|UsedFor|storing things in
soup|nails|CapableOf|be eaten
dance|opera|IsA|action
key|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
sloth|stream|AtLocation|at a zoo
speaker|concert|IsA|physical and movable item
airport|floor|IsA|room or building
celebrating|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
town|world|HasProperty|ruled by one government
casino|street|IsA|place to be entertained
backpack|kitchen|CapableOf|be used for school
bathroom|home|AtLocation|mostly inside
warehouse|attic|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
backpack|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
dentist|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
desk|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
pride|injury|IsA|colorful
garden|house|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
stuff|cupboard|IsA|1 syllable word
classroom|table|UsedFor|viewing/reading
road|building|UsedFor|travel
ceiling|drugstore|IsA|specific part of a structure
person|assessment|IsA|human or part of human
reflection|cut|HasA|physical appearance
restaurant|store|HasProperty|related to eating
garage|trunk|CapableOf|store a car
college|table|IsA|place of formal education
grape|restaurant|IsA|food
cabinet|cupboard|UsedFor|keeping books
clouds|ground|PartOf|the sky
bedroom|porch|UsedFor|cooking
cheese|kitchens|IsA|type of food
container|food|CapableOf|store things
house|library|IsA|building
soup|cellar|IsA|sweet or savory
apartment|classroom|IsA|building
airport|clothing|IsA|room or building
sea|country|HasA|water
disneyland|weather|IsA|popular attraction
cellar|sewer|IsA|room (type)
bank|closet|MadeOf|organic brown matter
auditorium|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
backpack|pocket|CapableOf|be used for travel
theater|town|UsedFor|putting on a show
bar|house|PartOf|food and drink
television|families|IsA|object
bar|street|IsA|building
boxes|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
bathroom|home|AtLocation|in a house
blanket|bar|HasProperty|something you can carry
thinking|discovery|IsA|emotion
basement|trash|IsA|structure or building
bread|bar|IsA|type of food
school|war|PartOf|building
bedroom|cupboard|HasProperty|a room in a residence
roadway|neighborhood|CapableOf|be parked on
sun|sunbathers|IsA|place
bay|wilderness|IsA|somewhere animals swim
hallway|village|AtLocation|in your company
beach|trash|UsedFor|playing
god|ocean|IsA|religious card
garage|shelf|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
yard|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
vaccines|sleeping|IsA|physical object
kitchen|oven|HasProperty|a room in a residence
like|tears|IsA|enjoyable
drugs|show|MadeOf|chemicals
suburbs|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
speaker|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
store|backpack|UsedFor|to keep items
house|ceiling|IsA|place to sleep
college|porch|UsedFor|studying in
people|town|HasProperty|alive
library|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
restaurant|disneyland|IsA|building
factory|library|IsA|place where people work
party|desktop|IsA|list of alphabets
closet|store|UsedFor|storage
library|internet|IsA|thing you can touch
newspaper|picture|MadeOf|paper
bathroom|cabinet|HasA|ceiling
bank|corner|MadeOf|organic brown matter
kentucky|beaver|IsA|american state
cupboard|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
head|color|PartOf|the human body
band|aircraft|MadeOf|by man
restaurants|jail|CapableOf|be closed
food|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
kitchen|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
dishwasher|floor|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
garage|basement|UsedFor|storing vehicles
sink|apartment|IsA|object
onions|plate|IsA|type of food
countryside|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
seattle|forest|IsA|brand
party|park|AtLocation|inside a house
electricity|couch|MadeOf|wood
church|office|IsA|religious card
bowl|stamps|IsA|something you eat off
shock|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
lamp|sun|HasProperty|white
homes|band|IsA|type of building
tropics|encyclopedia|IsA|location
yard|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
table|wood|HasProperty|furniture in a house
bedroom|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
bedroom|building|IsA|place to live
bedroom|hallway|IsA|room
opera|wedding|HasProperty|a place expressly for singing
lumberyard|inside|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
pocket|jar|CapableOf|hold objects
church|closet|IsA|building
snow|marmoset|HasProperty|cold
bathroom|bar|HasProperty|a room
sadness|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
airport|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
city|minnesota|IsA|part of a municipality
kitchen|cabinet|IsA|location
montana|concert|IsA|place or location
desert|hole|MadeOf|sand
refrigerator|salad|CapableOf|be opened/closed
attic|car|IsA|place
fox|california|HasA|start with a
monastery|ocean|IsA|religious card
club|knowledge|IsA|place people can meet
town|mexico|HasA|1 syllable  word
pain|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
cinema|car|HasProperty|a gathering place
sorrow|remembering|IsA|emotion
fulfillment|entertaining|IsA|emotion
circus|imagination|IsA|place of religion
fleas|rug|IsA|a animal
apartment|bathroom|IsA|building
television|attic|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
wall|work|MadeOf|wood
anxiety|learning|IsA|emotion
kitchen|shop|CapableOf|cook
hospital|house|HasProperty|a place you can work
shelf|casino|HasProperty|a beverage
bowl|wallet|IsA|dish
pen|store|IsA|school supply
shed|box|IsA|place
sun|windowsill|IsA|place
microwave|building|IsA|physical and movable item
desert|canada|MadeOf|sand mostly
house|hotel|UsedFor|studying in
plate|product|UsedFor|dinner
briefcase|conference|UsedFor|carrying things
utah|arkansas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
car|soup|CapableOf|be used as transport 
ocean|wilderness|HasA|water
florida|michigan|PartOf|the south
cabinet|bowl|UsedFor|storage
building|theater|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
city|farm|IsA|tourist destination
kitchen|table|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
automobile|freeway|CapableOf|be lived in
container|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
wisconsin|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
dictionary|moon|IsA|animal or book
cupboard|bedroom|HasA|doors
drawer|shelf|CapableOf|be opened
plate|wallet|IsA|dish
store|nails|IsA|place people can visit
homes|castle|PartOf|house 
airplane|detroit|CapableOf|fly
hallway|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
park|exhaustion|CapableOf|be physically touched
clouds|windowsill|AtLocation|in the sky
library|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
church|money|IsA|place you can visit
florida|beaver|IsA|place
fire|temple|CapableOf|move location
beach|park|UsedFor|swimming
moon|sink|PartOf|the galaxy
prison|forest|IsA|man-made thing
store|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
bed|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
picture|book|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
car|ocean|UsedFor|transportation
crying|sorrow|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
excitement|communication|HasProperty|a positive emotion
microwave|opera|IsA|physical and movable item
pool|fly|IsA|physical item 
meeting|throne|IsA|place people can meet
cabinet|outside|IsA|room (type)
shop|house|HasProperty|a place you can work
apartment|demonstration|IsA|building
museum|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
plate|case|UsedFor|eating
church|ocean|IsA|building
airport|house|HasA|airplanes
knowledge|television|HasProperty|related to studying
conference|body|HasProperty|an event
funeral|supermarket|IsA|event
porch|drawer|IsA|room or building
notes|inside|IsA|object
church|lamp|UsedFor|worship
meeting|information|MadeOf|people gathering together
apartment|office|IsA|building
indiana|burrow|IsA|place
room|store|CapableOf|sleep on it
woods|stream|MadeOf|trees
cupboard|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
bar|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
basement|sky|AtLocation|at a home
box|dinner|IsA|1 syllable word
park|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
garage|meeting|AtLocation|home
table|oven|HasProperty|made of wood
greenhouse|dishwasher|IsA|building
container|pot|UsedFor|storing things in
bathroom|office|UsedFor|cooking
bathroom|computer|IsA|room in a property
plate|product|HasProperty|used at meal time
yard|birds|HasProperty|man made
box|soup|UsedFor|storage
basement|river|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
bar|suburb|IsA|building
enjoyment|agreement|HasProperty|an emotion
bathroom|conference|IsA|room in a house
newspaper|clothing|UsedFor|reading 
candy|food|HasProperty|sweet
clothing|home|CapableOf|be easily carried
shelf|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
michigan|forest|HasProperty|man-made
cabinet|conference|HasProperty|sold in stores
entertaining|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
injury|contemplating|IsA|physical damage to the body
restaurant|trees|HasA|walls
park|ground|HasA|green plant
cafe|movies|HasProperty|something you can touch
church|town|IsA|planet
bed|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
university|car|IsA|place
rock|countryside|IsA|natural or man made
hunger|sadness|HasProperty|linked to food
florida|jar|IsA|place to be entertained
india|seaside|IsA|proper noun
cupboard|restaurant|IsA|furniture
ceiling|drugstore|AtLocation|in your room
waterfall|wisconsin|HasA|water
box|garden|UsedFor|storage
cabinet|dust|UsedFor|storage of physical items
cupboard|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
home|detroit|PartOf|house 
action|injury|IsA|colorful
motel|farm|UsedFor|over night stays 
rug|bedroom|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
bathroom|forest|HasProperty|man-made
shelf|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
wilderness|underground|IsA|place
relaxation|pride|IsA|mental state
roof|forest|HasProperty|man-made
fun|pride|IsA|mental state
stamps|desk|CapableOf|be held in your hands
table|market|IsA|something kept at home
attic|disneyland|IsA|room in a building
pride|communication|IsA|happy card
street|rain|PartOf|city
garage|fly|IsA|physical item 
lake|dictionary|IsA|place
wilderness|books|IsA|place
stream|bird|MadeOf|water
church|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
listening|fatigue|IsA|something considered as positive
dentist|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
movie|case|IsA|form of entertainment
greenhouse|roof|AtLocation|outside
action|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
grass|bathroom|IsA|living/once living
dinner|jail|PartOf|food and drink
newspaper|information|MadeOf|paper
classroom|pocket|IsA|place of learning
silverware|table|MadeOf|metal
opera|tent|IsA|event
street|newspaper|CapableOf|be parked on
bed|floor|HasProperty|furniture in a house
room|shed|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
lightning|pride|HasA|physical appearance
wedding|conference|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
valley|stream|MadeOf|trees
canada|town|IsA|nation
toilet|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
room|sun|AtLocation|at a home
outdoors|building|IsA|nature-related
candy|box|CapableOf|be eaten
greenhouse|ground|IsA|building
shelf|utensils|UsedFor|to keep items
opera|school|CapableOf|be performed
pantry|container|IsA|type of room in houses
ceiling|classroom|AtLocation|in your room
office|conference|UsedFor|writing
sky|desert|IsA|1 syllable word
encyclopedia|church|UsedFor|learning
books|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
cupboard|bowl|UsedFor|storage
garden|roof|AtLocation|outside
sea|ocean|HasA|3 letters
birds|street|IsA|animal
learning|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
australia|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
office|store|UsedFor|writing
hospital|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
stuff|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
house|tile|IsA|building
nature|cage|IsA|natural thing
attic|ground|UsedFor|storage
drugs|concert|MadeOf|chemicals
restaurant|box|IsA|public building
park|meeting|CapableOf|have people inside
bedroom|town|AtLocation|inside a house
chair|bed|IsA|store items
bathroom|school|PartOf|house 
detroit|elevator|IsA|place you visit
india|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
bed|wood|IsA|place or location
elevator|music|IsA|physical and movable item
disneyland|moon|IsA|vacation destination
discovery|understanding|UsedFor|driving
synagogue|circus|IsA|religious card
florida|supermarket|IsA|place to be entertained
cave|gate|IsA|public place
closet|backpack|UsedFor|to keep items
jar|theater|UsedFor|living
notebook|pocket|IsA|school supply
table|library|IsA|physical item 
california|burrow|IsA|country or state name
countryside|windowsill|PartOf|natural landscape
park|forest|HasProperty|man made
trauma|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
shed|trunk|IsA|structure or building
trunk|house|MadeOf|wood
corner|ground|AtLocation|in a home
school|human|UsedFor|education
drawer|window|IsA|furniture
television|drawer|PartOf|house
basement|outside|IsA|room
books|internet|HasProperty|a publication
birds|ground|IsA|animal
table|theater|MadeOf|wood
shelf|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
stomach|condiments|IsA|  place
plate|stuff|UsedFor|eating food off
synagogue|desktop|IsA|building
australia|freeway|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
chair|tree|HasProperty|furniture in a house
office|porch|UsedFor|work
disneyland|sahara|AtLocation|at america
river|wisconsin|HasA|water
valley|cage|IsA|natural thing
books|library|MadeOf|paper
basement|sugar|IsA|room in a building
dinner|air|PartOf|food and drink
church|earth|UsedFor|learning
montana|subdivision|HasProperty|a location
outside|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
shelf|dishes|HasProperty|furniture
desk|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
cat|room|MadeOf|living parts
basement|bag|IsA|room in a home
workplace|chair|IsA|place you visit
convention|wedding|UsedFor|learning
floor|bathroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
happiness|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
trouble|drawer|PartOf|house
motel|entertainment|UsedFor|overnight stays
glass|river|UsedFor|eating or drinking
trash|telegram|HasProperty|a solid item 
dictionary|florida|CapableOf|be read
plate|dishwasher|IsA|dish
car|floor|CapableOf|allow you to travel
pantry|kitchens|MadeOf|metal
hospital|airport|HasA|beds
television|bedroom|IsA|physical and movable item
doctor|workplace|IsA|person
closet|paint|UsedFor|storage
theater|conference|UsedFor|putting on a show
countryside|lake|IsA|place
knowledge|nightmares|IsA|positive thing
church|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
circus|musical|IsA|place or location
school|aircraft|IsA|job
barn|bar|UsedFor|storing things inside
rug|roof|PartOf|the interior of a building
table|inside|CapableOf|be found in a house
magazine|book|UsedFor|news
colorado|snow|MadeOf|metal
bedroom|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
school|sunshine|CapableOf|be currently visited
china|yard|IsA|place where you can live
store|soup|IsA|location
effort|injuries|IsA|positive card
cupboard|michigan|IsA|furniture
television|book|UsedFor|news
table|microwave|AtLocation|library
kitchen|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
refrigerator|party|UsedFor|eating or drinking
driveway|neighborhood|UsedFor|transportation
glass|puddle|IsA|physical item 
shop|airport|IsA|1 syllable  word
office|chair|IsA|place of religion
box|coffee|IsA|1 syllable word
countryside|city|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
garage|harbor|IsA|physical item 
confession|montana|HasA|ticket box usually
sadness|remembering|IsA|emotion
bar|michigan|IsA|building
chicken|puddle|UsedFor|eating or drinking
trauma|instruction|IsA|negative feeling
yard|garden|UsedFor|children to play
garage|dust|UsedFor|storage
home|bottle|HasA|door
jail|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
highway|valley|UsedFor|driving on or over
countryside|china|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
table|tile|UsedFor|sitting on
couch|birds|PartOf|house 
car|bread|CapableOf|be entered
convention|apartment|UsedFor|learning
magazine|jail|IsA|physical item 
kentucky|books|PartOf|political geographical area
pocket|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
house|garage|HasA|usually have people inside
yard|china|CapableOf|be parked on
drawer|table|UsedFor|storage
bedroom|container|IsA|room
church|theater|IsA|type of room
bubblegum|street|IsA|thing you have on person
mouth|radio|AtLocation|on/in the human body
sailboat|office|AtLocation|with water
cabinet|garage|UsedFor|keeping books
confession|auditorium|IsA|place of religion
bread|market|IsA|type of food
pencils|classroom|UsedFor|writing
shelf|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
bubblegum|florida|IsA|thing you have on person
nostalgia|trauma|IsA|emotion
den|bottle|HasA|door
notebook|store|UsedFor|writing
defeat|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
competing|stress|IsA|positive card
roadway|subdivision|CapableOf|be parked on
apartment|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of building
work|yard|AtLocation|indoors
body|earth|HasProperty|part of a human
effort|aggression|IsA|positive card
store|grape|CapableOf|be opened/closed
kentucky|canada|IsA|american state
mexico|battle|IsA|country
aggression|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
australia|lemur|IsA|animal
refrigerator|car|PartOf|food and drink
library|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
playground|street|UsedFor|playing
loft|rug|IsA|building
desert|wilderness|MadeOf|sand
pen|cabinet|IsA|school supply
demonstration|speaker|CapableOf|be attended
city|continent|HasProperty|human made
greenhouse|windowsill|AtLocation|outside
disneyland|arctic|IsA|popular attraction
school|dog|AtLocation|on the map
bathroom|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
cabinet|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
oven|kitchen|CapableOf|cook things
hotel|store|IsA|public place
classroom|store|IsA|place where students learn
alcohol|car|PartOf|food and drink
library|information|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
cut|discovery|IsA|physical damage to the body
stick|forest|IsA|living/once living
park|shelf|IsA|place
contemplating|action|IsA|emotion
bedroom|doctor|HasProperty|able to be entered
room|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
park|cooking|IsA|outdoor location
dinner|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
fire|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
convention|skin|HasProperty|an event
earth|body|IsA|place
library|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
hairbrush|kitchen|CapableOf|move location
building|cave|HasA|bed for sleeping
house|notebook|IsA|building
chair|boat|HasProperty|furniture in a house
pizza|glass|HasProperty|edible
toilet|television|IsA|room in a property
apartment|cabinet|IsA|room in a property
bedroom|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
homes|airport|CapableOf|be lived in
neighborhood|subdivision|IsA|residential area
jail|human|IsA|place you visit
meeting|suit|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
newspaper|car|AtLocation|library
lemur|india|IsA|animal
people|chair|IsA|place of religion
excitement|drinking|HasProperty|an emotion
fatigue|suicide|IsA|emotion
street|automobile|UsedFor|car travel
palace|death|HasA|exterior walls
plate|drawer|UsedFor|eating
table|utensils|IsA|piece of furniture
lamp|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
supermarket|market|CapableOf|be opened/closed
information|dinner|HasProperty|related to studying
table|store|HasProperty|an object
dancing|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
action|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
field|sweetness|UsedFor|punish
school|food|IsA|public building
school|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
backpack|pantry|CapableOf|be used for school
ground|clouds|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
kitchen|refrigerators|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
workplace|elevator|IsA|place where you can visit
california|fox|HasA|even number of letter
store|meeting|CapableOf|have people inside
office|desktop|IsA|building
bedroom|silence|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
closet|box|PartOf|house
car|fun|IsA|mode of transportation
garage|street|IsA|place
elevator|class|PartOf|building
texas|america|IsA|state
synagogue|conference|IsA|place
convention|body|HasProperty|an event
bowl|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
bathroom|porch|UsedFor|cooking
sun|city|IsA|object/thing
building|lamp|HasA|bed for sleeping
florida|books|IsA|place
backyard|trees|CapableOf|be man made
fire|drugstore|HasProperty|capable of burning you
desert|sunshine|IsA|place
trash|mail|UsedFor|storing physical things
basement|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
attic|store|IsA|room in a home
kitchen|inside|AtLocation|in a house
city|trouble|CapableOf|place
house|bedroom|IsA|building
door|corner|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
table|plate|IsA|piece of furniture
table|floor|IsA|furniture
closet|refrigerator|HasProperty|a beverage
bathroom|bar|UsedFor|urination
encyclopedia|universe|IsA|animal or book
table|backpack|UsedFor|eating
class|television|HasProperty|related to studying
remembering|controversy|IsA|positive thing
jail|human|HasA|usually have people inside
school|commercial|IsA|place or location to visit
vaccines|death|IsA|physical object
wilderness|trees|IsA|place
pain|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
boat|building|CapableOf|float
montana|desert|HasA|buildings in it
apartment|table|AtLocation|on the map
stamps|cupboard|CapableOf|be held in your hands
summer|curtain|HasProperty|hot
museum|mind|PartOf|building
enjoyment|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
universe|commercial|IsA|place
internet|manual|MadeOf|technology
money|jar|HasProperty|to do with currency
california|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
pot|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
classroom|television|HasProperty|a room
glass|street|UsedFor|eating or drinking
information|park|CapableOf|be alive
museum|map|CapableOf|have people go inside
chocolate|wedding|CapableOf|be eaten
cafe|idaho|IsA|drink
office|school|PartOf|admin role
hunger|nostalgia|HasProperty|linked to food
encyclopedia|sloth|CapableOf|be read
shelf|picture|MadeOf|wood
shelf|ground|UsedFor|at home
light|ocean|MadeOf|energy
basement|water|AtLocation|at a home
shoe|minnesota|HasProperty|something you can carry
city|yard|HasA|buildings in it
hospital|hotel|HasProperty|a property 
hotel|box|IsA|public building
desk|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
light|hope|HasProperty|found in the house
birds|detroit|CapableOf|fly
homes|human|PartOf|house 
pizza|kitchen|IsA|type of food
wilderness|commercial|IsA|place
kitchen|attic|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
theater|town|IsA|event
bed|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
wings|heaven|CapableOf|move freely
class|clothing|UsedFor|learning
elevator|concert|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
box|food|UsedFor|storage
florida|jar|IsA|place you can visit
museum|briefcase|IsA|building
depression|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
kitchen|mouse|IsA|room
park|swimming|HasProperty|man made
pennsylvania|park|HasA|city inside
windowsill|dust|HasProperty|part of a building
california|countryside|IsA|proper noun
garage|water|PartOf|house
ocean|friend|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
pool|ocean|IsA|physical item 
school|basement|IsA|building
bay|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
museum|map|IsA|place of learning
bathroom|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
internet|car|HasProperty|a gathering place
apartment|library|UsedFor|housing
museum|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
coffee|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
street|wallet|IsA|place you can visit
cat|trouble|MadeOf|living parts
lake|universe|IsA|place
boat|sink|UsedFor|transportation
lamp|basement|HasProperty|white
attic|house|IsA|room
stream|cage|MadeOf|water
school|universe|CapableOf|be currently visited
suburbs|countryside|IsA|man-made thing
outdoors|countryside|HasProperty|2 syllables
backpack|conference|IsA|school supply
injuries|battle|IsA|physical outcome
thinking|color|PartOf|human mind
voice|silence|AtLocation|on/in the human body
heaven|montana|IsA|religious card
confusion|stress|HasA|ltr p
school|demonstration|IsA|building
hospital|store|IsA|public place
library|internet|MadeOf|paper
park|wedding|IsA|place
jar|oven|CapableOf|store things
closet|park|AtLocation|inside a house
school|coats|CapableOf|have a street address
table|car|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
toronto|trouble|IsA|place
closet|university|PartOf|house
laughter|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
manual|books|HasProperty|singular
stomach|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
shelf|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
magazine|library|IsA|physical item 
table|place|HasA|legs
roof|swimming|HasProperty|man made
candle|hallway|HasProperty|white
funeral|lights|CapableOf|have people physically in it
pencils|office|IsA|school supply
morgue|synagogue|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
cupboard|silverware|HasProperty|made of wood
restaurant|shelf|HasA|edible items for sale
desert|curtain|HasProperty|hot
casino|bar|IsA|type of business
stove|cup|CapableOf|cook things
california|ficus|IsA|place people live
box|stuff|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
hospital|television|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
road|town|CapableOf|be drived on with car
sunshine|curtain|HasProperty|hot
school|outside|HasA|roof
store|floor|IsA|building
office|park|IsA|n electronic device
loft|warehouse|IsA|room in a home
country|valley|HasProperty|human made
homes|workplace|UsedFor|children to study
bubblegum|church|IsA|thing you have on person
shoe|bedroom|HasProperty|something you can carry
kitchen|disneyland|IsA|room
rock|ground|PartOf|nature
convention|church|HasProperty|an event
city|forest|IsA|man-made thing
corner|roof|IsA|room
synagogue|conference|IsA|religious card
house|supermarket|HasA|roof
carpet|hallway|UsedFor|furnishing a house
table|roof|IsA|room
theater|lights|IsA|place
bed|airport|IsA|physical item 
box|table|UsedFor|storage
apartment|mess|IsA|building
church|table|IsA|type of room
motel|park|HasProperty|a place you can work
condiments|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
table|computer|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
table|office|UsedFor|furnishing a house
dancing|happiness|IsA|activity
drawer|trash|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
table|trash|UsedFor|eating
food|kitchen|HasProperty|edible
remembering|crying|HasProperty|typically positive
synagogue|floor|IsA|place or location
key|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
dog|carpet|IsA|a animal
telephone|hospital|AtLocation|inside someone's home
dust|door|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
bird|carpet|IsA|a animal
storage|attic|CapableOf|be made with bricks
wallet|action|IsA|thing you have on person
floor|bed|UsedFor|sitting on
apartment|college|UsedFor|housing
hotel|families|IsA|public building
cabinet|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
roadway|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
theater|conference|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
television|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
driveway|countryside|CapableOf|be parked on
fight|enemies|CapableOf|create physical pain
desk|stuff|IsA|furniture
bathroom|cellar|UsedFor|cleaning your body
toronto|sleep|IsA|place
cellar|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
office|house|PartOf|admin role
condiments|kitchen|CapableOf|be consumed
attic|television|HasProperty|used for storage
trauma|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
food|cupboard|CapableOf|be eaten
classroom|house|IsA|specific part of a structure
wall|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
house|dictionary|IsA|place or location to visit
apartment|closet|HasA|usually have people inside
book|meeting|MadeOf|paper
happiness|anger|IsA|positive card
attic|boxes|IsA|room in a building
instruction|shock|IsA|positive thing
fight|tension|HasA|physical element
action|understanding|IsA|physical state
refrigerators|oven|CapableOf|store things
hospital|telephone|IsA|place
college|chair|CapableOf|have people  inside
embarrassment|remembering|IsA|feeling/emotion
painting|grape|AtLocation|on a wall
park|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
subdivision|street|IsA|place where you can live
australia|hole|IsA|country
chair|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
bedroom|trouble|IsA|part of a property
china|countryside|HasProperty|a country
america|books|IsA|place
house|store|UsedFor|storage
library|table|UsedFor|viewing/reading
library|table|CapableOf|provide a service
attic|mouse|IsA|room in a building
wedding|internet|IsA|location
talk|excitement|IsA|verb
woods|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
spoon|kitchen|UsedFor|serving
oven|shelf|CapableOf|cook
city|nebraska|IsA|part of a municipality
house|closet|IsA|place to live
montana|yard|HasA|buildings in it
hotel|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
pain|inspiration|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
tennessee|barnyard|IsA|animal
airport|table|IsA|type /part of building
carpet|closet|AtLocation|on the floor
classroom|house|IsA|room in a property
television|bedroom|IsA|n electronic device
cup|stomach|HasProperty|used for meals
box|water|UsedFor|storage
butterflies|reflection|IsA|colorful
bird|roof|IsA|a animal
basement|office|IsA|type of room
car|closet|IsA|mode of transportation
library|map|UsedFor|reading
speaker|electricity|CapableOf|plug into the wall
hospital|corner|IsA|building
cup|food|UsedFor|serving dinner
purse|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
cheese|cup|IsA|type of food
cellar|closet|IsA|place
airport|connection|IsA|public place
garage|museum|MadeOf|wood
sweat|desires|IsA|physical object
store|forest|HasProperty|man-made
stuff|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
ocean|church|IsA|place of religion
trash|meeting|IsA|something kept a home
beach|backyard|IsA|nature-related
seaside|countryside|IsA|man-made thing
countryside|lake|MadeOf|trees
apartment|auditorium|UsedFor|sleeping
library|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
nightmares|embarrassment|IsA|something a baby could have
airport|connection|HasA|airplanes
maine|rosebush|MadeOf|fiber
table|glass|HasProperty|made of wood
louisiana|california|AtLocation|at south united states
controversy|instruction|IsA|negative thing
television|plants|AtLocation|inside a home
attic|university|PartOf|house
store|cave|CapableOf|have a street address
cupboard|backpack|HasProperty|furniture
defeat|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
universe|chair|MadeOf|energy
effort|death|IsA|positive card
vase|bathroom|UsedFor|holding things
library|kitchen|HasProperty|a public place
grass|countryside|IsA|living/once living
floor|office|UsedFor|sitting on
people|body|IsA|looks like paypal 
basement|boat|IsA|place or location
plate|wallet|IsA|something you eat off
party|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
glass|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
asia|country|PartOf|the continent 
city|concert|IsA|place
stick|woods|IsA|living/once living
empathy|listening|IsA|emotion
injury|food|IsA|emotion
cabinet|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
cupboard|stomach|HasProperty|made of wood
lamp|shop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
shelf|windowsill|UsedFor|storage
backpack|cabinet|CapableOf|be used for travel
plants|house|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
closet|garbage|UsedFor|storage
alcohol|air|UsedFor|eating or drinking
stamps|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
motel|library|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
kitchens|refrigerator|IsA|type of room in houses
vaccines|desires|IsA|physical object
jellyfish|store|CapableOf|be alive
muscles|discipline|AtLocation|on the body
sugar|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
school|bed|AtLocation|on the map
anger|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
desk|box|IsA|furniture
house|classroom|IsA|place to sleep
book|meeting|UsedFor|studying
florida|beaver|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
cupboard|pantry|HasProperty|furniture
apartment|rug|IsA|type /part of building
garage|barn|UsedFor|parking cars
junk|drawer|PartOf|house
apartment|demonstration|IsA|type /part of building
dance|music|IsA|action
ocean|lamp|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
yard|trees|CapableOf|be man made
bridge|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
jail|room|HasProperty|associated with drinking
market|hallway|HasProperty|a public place
enjoyment|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
notes|school|IsA|object
town|musical|IsA|place or location
shelf|backpack|UsedFor|to keep items
controversy|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
class|europe|AtLocation|in a building
confusion|working|IsA|negative feeling or expression
house|backpack|UsedFor|to keep items
shop|table|IsA|room or building
locker|classroom|UsedFor|religious services
instruction|trauma|IsA|positive thing
basement|program|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
candle|sky|HasProperty|white
picture|work|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
hairbrush|building|CapableOf|move location
bathroom|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
bubblegum|casino|CapableOf|be held in your hands
table|bedroom|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
injury|birds|IsA|physical damage to the body
table|inside|AtLocation|in a house
grape|supermarket|IsA|sweet or savory
encyclopedia|table|UsedFor|viewing/reading
home|newspaper|IsA|room or building
enjoyment|headache|IsA|emotion
church|street|IsA|place to pray
assessment|garage|UsedFor|announcing something
laughter|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
happiness|favors|IsA|emotion
office|park|AtLocation|inside a home
house|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
bird|roof|HasA|animal
seattle|weather|IsA|type of land
woods|valley|IsA|1 syllable word
water|jar|CapableOf|can you drink it
california|forest|IsA|proper noun
airport|magazines|HasProperty|able to be entered
classroom|apartment|UsedFor|learning
room|auditorium|UsedFor|sleeping
arboretum|garage|HasProperty|a state in the usa
florida|michigan|HasA|border with an ocean
museum|desktop|CapableOf|have people go inside
inspiration|problems|IsA|positive thing
crying|controversy|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
regret|relaxation|IsA|feeling
grass|bridge|IsA|living/once living
backpack|store|AtLocation|in a home
library|furniture|UsedFor|reading
boat|river|HasProperty|human made
notebook|classroom|UsedFor|reading
bathroom|cupboard|HasA|ceiling
school|rug|AtLocation|on the map
table|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
apartment|party|UsedFor|sleeping
car|dust|HasProperty|an object
shelf|work|MadeOf|wood
embarrassment|suffering|IsA|feeling
house|cupboard|HasA|roof
car|glass|UsedFor|transportation
kitchen|sewer|UsedFor|cooking
restaurant|chair|IsA|place or location
house|television|IsA|building
field|bank|IsA|place where money is kept
box|table|CapableOf|be held in your hands
books|television|UsedFor|reading
bedroom|sewer|IsA|room
party|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
pencils|briefcase|IsA|school supply
airplane|school|CapableOf|move freely
book|clock|MadeOf|paper
television|telegram|IsA|something kept a home
wedding|park|IsA|event
kitchen|temple|IsA|specific part of a structure
barn|person|HasProperty|a type of property
europe|game|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
spoon|restaurant|IsA|tableware
garage|shelf|HasA|doors
books|floor|IsA|object
maine|california|MadeOf|fiber
cabinet|wall|MadeOf|wood
california|refrigerator|IsA|place people live
france|marmoset|IsA|place
house|demonstration|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
bed|floor|IsA|place or location
skate|confusion|IsA|action
workplace|human|IsA|place where you can visit
basement|outside|IsA|room in a building
basement|supermarket|HasA|ceiling
dictionary|suburbs|CapableOf|be read
encyclopedia|head|UsedFor|studying
people|classroom|HasProperty|alive
sink|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
restaurant|computer|IsA|type of building
dance|bathroom|CapableOf|be performed
playground|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
england|picture|IsA|country or state name
money|store|IsA|thing you have on person
desktop|cabinet|UsedFor|viewing/reading
office|pocket|CapableOf|have people go inside
opera|electricity|UsedFor|live performances
table|apartment|MadeOf|wood
airport|school|UsedFor|a holiday
florida|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
pantry|pot|MadeOf|metal
france|wilderness|IsA|place
desktop|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
food|restaurant|AtLocation|in  a residence
cabinet|classroom|AtLocation|in a building
thinking|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
grape|cellar|IsA|food
backyard|cooking|IsA|outdoor location
hunger|instruction|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
money|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
conference|mouth|CapableOf|make a sound
clothing|library|IsA|physical item 
wall|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
shop|corner|HasProperty|1 syllable
supermarket|shelf|HasA|door
container|food|UsedFor|storage
shelf|newspaper|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
bedroom|restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
garden|playground|IsA|nature-related
sugar|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
case|cabinet|IsA|1 syllable word
school|cage|IsA|place
backyard|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
india|wilderness|IsA|country
revelations|contemplating|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
confession|auditorium|IsA|religious card
toilet|library|UsedFor|washing
airport|office|UsedFor|a holiday
dirt|street|HasA|wheels
refrigerator|pot|HasA|plug or power source
movie|clothing|IsA|place people can meet
shoe|city|HasProperty|something you can carry
bar|city|IsA|building
sorrow|knowledge|IsA|feeling/emotion
desert|countryside|MadeOf|sand
garage|cabinet|IsA|room
apartment|bathtub|IsA|type of building
nostalgia|money|IsA|emotion
flower|ground|UsedFor|at home
attic|container|IsA|room
california|backyard|IsA|us state
cupboard|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
church|table|UsedFor|worship
aquarium|waterfall|IsA|man made
joy|talk|IsA|feeling
refrigerator|shelf|HasA|plug or power source
bottle|beer|MadeOf|metal
store|product|IsA|place
windowsill|nest|PartOf|house
california|garage|HasProperty|a state in the usa
newspaper|book|UsedFor|news
competing|sweat|IsA|positive card
box|answer|UsedFor|containing objects
oven|refrigerator|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
library|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
pond|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
home|floor|IsA|room or building
class|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
museum|refrigerator|MadeOf|wood
school|shoes|AtLocation|on the map
couch|human|AtLocation|mostly inside
australia|lemur|IsA|place
church|suit|IsA|place people can meet
potatoes|store|IsA|food
california|canada|IsA|us state
sadness|trauma|IsA|emotion
ground|attic|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
contemplating|revelations|UsedFor|seeking an answer
skin|theater|UsedFor|buying food
library|information|MadeOf|paper
theater|buildings|UsedFor|putting on a show
leaves|rock|IsA|stone
university|club|HasA|person stood at the front
factory|building|UsedFor|generating products or plants
montana|desert|IsA|state
notebook|refrigerator|UsedFor|writing in
bedroom|temple|IsA|place to sleep
heaven|office|IsA|religious card
hotel|store|HasA|bed for sleeping
canada|trees|IsA|nation
store|book|CapableOf|have people physically in it
bedroom|cabinet|UsedFor|mainly sleep
television|corner|CapableOf|show films
air|frisbee|MadeOf|natural materials
park|flower|IsA|place
countryside|ground|PartOf|nature
cabinet|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
headache|contemplating|IsA|physical state
seattle|rain|PartOf|city
park|controversy|IsA|happy card
television|field|IsA|part media
wilderness|universe|IsA|place
remembering|shock|IsA|positive thing
plate|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
people|buildings|HasProperty|alive
ceiling|kitchen|AtLocation|in your room
countryside|mexico|CapableOf|be part of a house
fear|birds|IsA|emotion
concert|lights|UsedFor|travel
outside|air|IsA|location
remembering|problems|HasProperty|typically positive
university|europe|UsedFor|learning
stove|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
audience|buildings|HasProperty|alive
airport|chair|AtLocation|above the ground
city|army|AtLocation|on map
table|bedroom|UsedFor|holding things
store|purse|IsA|place you can visit
grape|market|CapableOf|be sweet
furniture|apartment|AtLocation|inside a person's home
pond|waterfall|IsA|man made
woods|forest|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
table|coffee|IsA|furniture
apartment|ground|IsA|place people live
bedroom|antarctica|MadeOf|wood
discovery|lightning|IsA|emotion
headache|park|CapableOf|happiness
birds|injury|CapableOf|fly
beach|sunshine|IsA|place
theater|action|IsA|place to be entertained
concert|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
lamp|street|HasProperty|white
basement|sun|AtLocation|at a home
chair|dust|CapableOf|be held with one hand
book|work|MadeOf|paper
woods|bridge|HasProperty|somewhere to go
bathroom|painting|IsA|location
house|airplane|IsA|place to sleep
suburbs|beaver|IsA|place
defeat|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
cellar|mail|IsA|structure or building
wall|car|AtLocation|library
casino|action|IsA|place to be entertained
paper|nails|IsA|school supply
valley|waterfall|IsA|somewhere animals swim
countryside|yard|HasA|buildings in it
punishment|suffering|CapableOf|cause physical harm
university|throne|IsA|place people can meet
salad|apartment|UsedFor|healthy eating
fight|effort|HasProperty|about  clashes
jungle|dog|IsA|place or location
information|meeting|CapableOf|be alive
cat|carpet|HasA|animal
concert|peanuts|UsedFor|travel
countryside|market|IsA|place or location
boredom|arguments|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
market|anthology|UsedFor|storing items
pond|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
india|beaver|IsA|place
table|stamps|IsA|something you eat off
bird|box|CapableOf|fly
refrigerator|jar|HasProperty|used for meals
garage|papers|CapableOf|opened or closed
refrigerator|food|CapableOf|store things
supermarket|people|HasA|ticket box usually
school|aircraft|MadeOf|by man
heaven|hole|IsA|place
cellar|bicycle|IsA|place
excitement|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
museum|book|IsA|building
restaurant|party|HasProperty|a building structure
asia|dirt|IsA|continent
garage|woods|IsA|type of building
desktop|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
basement|closet|IsA|room in a home
dancing|agreement|IsA|physical emotion
air|rain|IsA|brand
telephone|desk|IsA|n electronic device
love|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
oklahoma|california|IsA|state in uk
mountains|grass|HasProperty|somewhere to go
desktop|book|HasA|use electricity
plate|demonstration|HasProperty|used at meal time
apartment|museum|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
table|university|AtLocation|home
garage|warehouse|UsedFor|storing vehicles
garden|desert|IsA|small area
room|backyard|MadeOf|walls and ceiling
birds|garden|IsA|animal
table|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
lamp|moon|HasProperty|white
synagogue|musical|IsA|place or location
bar|house|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
ocean|frisbee|MadeOf|natural materials
school|animals|HasA|exterior walls
jar|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bathroom|theater|IsA|room in a house
company|love|HasA|use electricity
cupboard|floor|HasProperty|an object
office|churchyard|AtLocation|in your company
plate|trash|UsedFor|eating
nostalgia|remembering|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
oven|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
tree|floor|IsA|place or location
bowl|cellar|CapableOf| be moved
bar|clouds|CapableOf|be entered
desk|desktop|UsedFor|storage of physical items
car|office|CapableOf|move people
cupboard|store|HasProperty|an object
laughter|humiliation|IsA|something considered as positive
aggression|competing|IsA|feeling or emotion
synagogue|library|UsedFor|religious services
kitchen|building|HasProperty|found in a house
kitchen|house|HasProperty|a room
work|company|AtLocation|library
subdivision|house|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
newspaper|internet|CapableOf| be held in your hand
television|building|CapableOf|plug into the wall
valley|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
utensils|store|HasProperty|an object
books|forest|CapableOf|be read
mexico|aircraft|IsA|country
speaker|building|IsA|physical and movable item
carrots|grape|IsA|vegetable 
doorway|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
pencils|backpack|UsedFor|writing
bird|store|CapableOf|fly
pantry|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
church|party|IsA|building
library|head|UsedFor|studying
restaurant|television|HasA|usually have people inside
moss|outside|IsA|living/once living
building|store|IsA|public place
couch|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
bathroom|sky|PartOf|physical structure
aquarium|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
town|conference|IsA|place
magazine|porch|UsedFor|reading
table|dishes|IsA|furniture
smiles|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
dinner|safe|HasProperty|a meal
kitchen|shelf|CapableOf|cook
nostalgia|nightmares|IsA|emotion
attic|garage|UsedFor|storage
shelf|demonstration|CapableOf|be touched
roof|ground|HasProperty|man made
moss|yard|IsA|living/once living
enjoyment|favors|HasProperty|an emotion
cabinet|floor|HasProperty|furniture
drawer|glass|IsA|furniture
laughter|empathy|IsA|activity
floor|clothing|UsedFor|to keep items
yard|countryside|HasProperty|part of your  house
dictionary|wilderness|IsA|animal or book
ocean|fish|IsA|somewhere animals swim
pleasure|park|IsA|feeling 
pocket|office|UsedFor|storage
talk|joy|IsA|verb
circus|conference|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
school|factory|PartOf|man body
palace|staircase|HasProperty|a type of building
valley|lake|MadeOf|trees
woods|magazine|IsA|place
office|notebook|HasA|walls
stomach|cup|IsA|  place
palace|person|HasA|roof
florida|change|IsA|place to be entertained
trees|roof|PartOf|nature
pleasure|park|IsA|feeling
books|desk|CapableOf|be used virtually 
library|manual|IsA|place
restaurant|desktop|HasA|edible items for sale
mouse|disneyland|AtLocation|inside a house
desktop|barn|UsedFor|fun
bed|detroit|AtLocation|mostly inside
bathroom|kitchen|UsedFor|urination
cut|happiness|IsA|physical damage to the body
sun|attic|MadeOf|energy
car|hairbrush|HasProperty|capable of burning you
woods|forest|IsA|1 syllable word
basement|street|AtLocation|at a home
trauma|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
bar|plate|IsA|location or room
apartment|cabinet|IsA|building
ground|corner|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
pain|knowing|IsA|negative feeling
montana|city|IsA|residential area
apartment|books|HasProperty|furniture
theater|lights|CapableOf|have people physically in it
supermarket|bread|IsA|public place
bathroom|pantry|HasA|ceiling
library|chair|UsedFor|viewing/reading
sugar|basement|UsedFor|cooking
refrigerator|plate|UsedFor|keeping things cool
ocean|boat|IsA|place that humans can swim
party|balloon|CapableOf|be entered
refrigerators|jar|UsedFor|keeping things cool
opera|skin|IsA|place
alabama|tennessee|HasA|start with a
harbor|street|UsedFor|transportation
game|suit|IsA|place people can meet
ground|television|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
attic|street|IsA|place
classroom|bathtub|UsedFor|reading
garage|synagogue|AtLocation|at a house
bedroom|woods|IsA|room
floor|drawer|PartOf|house
backyard|dog|IsA|place or location
building|concert|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
school|library|IsA|place of learning
bathtub|dirt|HasA|feet to stand 
beach|playground|HasA|first letter b
crying|nightmares|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
table|building|MadeOf|wood
plate|disneyland|IsA|dish
refrigerator|museum|UsedFor|storage
beach|street|UsedFor|playing
soup|bowl|IsA|sweet or savory
freeway|beaver|IsA|place
restaurant|home|HasProperty|related to eating
basement|mouse|IsA|room
depression|trauma|IsA|emotion
inspiration|crying|HasProperty|typically positive
australia|prison|IsA|proper noun
bay|waterfall|HasA|3 letters
television|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
school|cup|AtLocation|on the map
condiments|table|IsA|type of food
electricity|table|MadeOf|wood
bedroom|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
loft|sun|IsA|specific part of a structure
communication|like|IsA|activity
restaurant|woods|IsA|room
heaven|bank|IsA|place where money is kept
water|sink|UsedFor|eating or drinking
pen|paper|UsedFor|writing
clothes|closet|HasProperty|an object
michigan|ocean|HasProperty|man-made
home|airplane|CapableOf|be lived in
clock|ceiling|CapableOf|show you time
music|class|CapableOf|be performed
stream|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
fire|ceiling|HasProperty|capable of burning you
restaurant|human|UsedFor|a gathering of people
newspaper|porch|IsA|physical item 
music|school|CapableOf|be performed
house|sun|AtLocation|at a home
wedding|theater|IsA|social event
utensils|trunk|HasProperty|an object
pizza|oven|HasProperty|edible
nature|hallway|HasProperty|white
battle|argument|CapableOf|create physical pain
kitchen|cup|HasA|store edible items
soup|bathroom|IsA|food
cave|building|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
basement|cupboard|IsA|room (type)
universe|answer|HasA|to do with planets
church|car|IsA|place
house|person|HasA|exterior walls
government|city|CapableOf|make you do something
people|monastery|IsA|place of religion
montana|driveway|HasA|buildings in it
oven|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
bee|nest|CapableOf|fly
satisfaction|pride|IsA|mental state
sink|groceries|MadeOf|glass or metal
bridge|bay|HasProperty|human made
market|friends|HasProperty|able to be entered
roof|kitchen|MadeOf|wood
library|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
sky|outdoors|IsA|1 syllable word
grass|ground|IsA|living/once living
refrigerator|condiments|CapableOf|store things
home|cabinet|HasA|roof
town|yard|IsA|place where you can live
den|groceries|HasA|ceiling
mouse|garage|HasProperty|found below ground level
blanket|street|AtLocation|inside a house
town|car|IsA|location
coffee|michigan|CapableOf|be held in your hands
restaurant|dishwasher|IsA|building
shop|magazines|CapableOf|provide a service
floor|dust|UsedFor|to keep items
nature|drawer|PartOf|house
pantry|museum|UsedFor|storage
restaurant|house|UsedFor|storing things inside
country|army|AtLocation|on map
restaurant|pot|IsA|building
love|embarrassment|IsA|emotion
confession|imagination|IsA|place of religion
stove|food|CapableOf|cook things
sink|ocean|PartOf|kitchen
forest|building|IsA|nature-related
church|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
room|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
park|church|HasProperty|outdoors
pantry|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
home|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
dust|clothes|MadeOf|wood
cave|house|IsA|public place
country|sea|CapableOf|be walked on
drawer|clothes|UsedFor|storage
mexico|valley|IsA|country
depression|money|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
closet|shed|PartOf|house
kitchen|restaurant|AtLocation|in a house
dishwasher|dishes|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
apartment|rug|HasProperty|able to be entered
table|apartment|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
burger|kitchens|IsA|type of food
box|bowl|UsedFor|storage
table|library|MadeOf|wood
sink|bedroom|MadeOf|metal
store|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
bathroom|cabinet|CapableOf|have people  inside
desk|plate|IsA|furniture
restaurant|garage|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
chair|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
sun|canada|IsA|object/thing
notebook|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
closet|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
enemies|effort|HasProperty|about  clashes
lamp|elevator|CapableOf|plug into the wall
city|beaver|IsA|location
supermarket|house|PartOf|food and drink
house|disneyland|IsA|room (type)
cave|house|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
competing|enemies|IsA|positive card
fulfillment|suicide|IsA|emotion
speaker|concert|CapableOf|plug into the wall
encyclopedia|movie|UsedFor|learning
program|garden|MadeOf|wood
apartment|table|UsedFor|housing
garage|antarctica|PartOf|house
work|car|CapableOf|employ people
yard|building|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
bowl|drawer|IsA|something you eat off
lake|sloth|IsA|place
bar|manual|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
classroom|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
control|city|HasProperty|powerful
bee|cage|IsA|living thing
boat|fly|UsedFor|transportation
canada|computer|IsA|country or state
workplace|school|IsA|place where people work
locker|map|HasA|walls
roof|sky|UsedFor|building the structure of house
newspaper|table|UsedFor|reading 
change|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
doctor|human|IsA|job
notes|college|IsA|object
bedroom|library|IsA|place to live
computer|work|AtLocation|in your company
california|forest|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
mouth|candy|IsA|part of the body
weather|disneyland|HasProperty|associated with the environment
basement|bicycle|IsA|place
chocolate|television|CapableOf|be eaten
celebrating|drinking|IsA|physical emotion
outside|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
shed|closet|IsA|place
crying|knowledge|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
roof|wall|MadeOf|wood
pride|park|IsA|feeling
wall|carpet|PartOf|building a house
school|families|IsA|place
smiles|happiness|UsedFor|hobbies
paper|conference|HasProperty|sold in stores
onions|kitchens|IsA|type of food
dinner|meeting|PartOf|the human body
sleep|bed|IsA|store items
cooking|indiana|MadeOf|fiber
bar|michigan|IsA|business that serves food
conference|internet|IsA|location
desk|persia|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
plate|shelf|HasProperty|used at meal time
garage|michigan|CapableOf|be made with bricks
stove|container|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
coats|house|IsA|item of clothing
garage|disneyland|IsA|building
potatoes|field|IsA|food
newspaper|clock|MadeOf|paper
bedroom|television|UsedFor|sleeping on
valley|ocean|AtLocation|inland
closet|bar|HasProperty|a beverage
injuries|accomplishment|HasProperty|about  clashes
refrigerator|corner|CapableOf|be found in a house
arizona|mexico|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
kitchen|shelf|HasProperty|a room in a residence
synagogue|locker|CapableOf|have people go inside
home|kitchen|CapableOf|be slept in
pencils|classroom|IsA|school supply
box|closet|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
ocean|continent|HasA|water
roadway|subdivision|UsedFor|transportation
conference|desk|UsedFor|praying
drawer|doctor|IsA|physical item 
dictionary|stream|CapableOf|be read
attic|sewer|IsA|room
california|picture|IsA|place
happiness|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
plate|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
florida|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
field|tears|UsedFor|punish
learning|anxiety|IsA|something considered as positive
bread|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
sink|floor|HasProperty|furniture
key|jar|IsA|thing you have on person
street|house|UsedFor|car travel
box|store|UsedFor|storage
bank|lemur|IsA|place
onions|pantry|IsA|type of food
sun|glass|HasProperty|hot
garage|corner|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
highway|trunk|AtLocation|on a map
skyscraper|wings|PartOf|house 
loft|store|IsA|private space
motel|entertainment|UsedFor|over night stays 
mansion|person|HasProperty|a type of building
encyclopedia|suit|UsedFor|learning
refrigerator|disneyland|CapableOf|be found in a house
city|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
problems|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
muscles|stretch|AtLocation|on the body
computer|house|MadeOf|wood
desert|weather|IsA|geographic location
confession|god|IsA|place of religion
kitchen|drink|CapableOf|be currently visited
chair|library|CapableOf|be held with one hand
church|bicycle|IsA|place to pray
mountains|ground|HasProperty|in a cold climate
tree|roof|MadeOf|natural materials
trash|refrigerator|CapableOf|cooking
university|universe|IsA|place you can visit
supermarket|theater|UsedFor|buying food
television|class|HasA|screen
nails|supermarket|AtLocation|in a home
school|bathroom|IsA|building
hallway|churchyard|AtLocation|in your company
bed|wall|MadeOf|wood
picture|airport|AtLocation|library
happiness|suffering|IsA|emotion
apartment|school|UsedFor|sleeping
motel|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
office|synagogue|IsA|place of religion
refrigerator|home|IsA|looks like house
museum|map|IsA|building
building|outdoors|HasA|walls
dust|carpet|AtLocation|in your home
room|furniture|IsA|private space
drawer|backpack|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
change|theater|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bed|carpet|HasProperty|furniture in a house
case|backpack|IsA|1 syllable word
china|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
trunk|funeral|UsedFor|storing physical things
store|countryside|HasProperty|man made
pantry|pot|UsedFor|storing things in
kitchen|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
bathroom|garage|HasProperty|a room
dictionary|city|CapableOf|be read
continent|pond|HasA|earth
automobile|street|CapableOf|be lived in
floor|conference|UsedFor|furnishing a house
cinema|classroom|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
mansion|wedding|HasProperty|a type of home
office|desk|IsA|n electronic device
airport|school|AtLocation|mostly inside
homes|detroit|CapableOf|be lived in
drawer|papers|CapableOf|opened or closed
bar|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
park|jail|IsA|place people go for fun
continent|aquarium|CapableOf|be walked on
lamp|water|HasProperty|white
dancing|tears|IsA|activity
pain|pleasure|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
park|house|IsA|ground where child play
countryside|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
tent|people|IsA|place
toilet|hallway|UsedFor|urination
apartment|conference|UsedFor|living inside of
cupboard|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
drawer|sink|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
trunk|pot|UsedFor|storing things in
library|magazines|IsA|type /part of building
box|school|UsedFor|packing things inside
office|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
toilet|bedroom|UsedFor|urination
knowledge|garden|UsedFor|learning
shelf|speaker|MadeOf|wood
portfolio|refrigerator|UsedFor|writing in
drawer|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
container|inside|AtLocation|in a house
hairbrush|roof|AtLocation|in your room
pot|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
excitement|relaxation|IsA|feeling
switzerland|mountain|IsA|location
auditorium|jail|HasA|fee to visit
airport|passageway|CapableOf|have a street address
anger|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
picture|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
house|bottle|HasA|door
museum|notebook|IsA|building
backpack|street|HasProperty|something you can carry
museum|backpack|CapableOf|have people go inside
books|meeting|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
sloth|countryside|IsA|animal or book
dust|closet|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
table|utensils|IsA|furniture
atlas|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
car|water|IsA|mode of transportation
disneyland|snow|IsA|brand
chocolate|restaurant|CapableOf|be eaten
bedroom|attic|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
table|store|UsedFor|storage
oven|inside|AtLocation|in a house
refrigerator|encyclopedia|UsedFor|storage of physical items
park|lights|CapableOf|have people physically in it
ball|playground|HasA|first letter b
canada|montana|IsA|country
fight|stress|HasA|physical element
oven|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
restaurants|bread|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
classroom|temple|IsA|specific part of a structure
bank|bedroom|UsedFor|holding things
clock|microwave|AtLocation|library
library|cabinet|IsA|building
opera|building|HasA|ticket box usually
blanket|hospital|HasProperty|something you can carry
colorado|marmoset|AtLocation|labeled on a map
kitchen|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
fly|underground|IsA|activity 
pocket|shelf|UsedFor|viewing/reading
lake|commercial|IsA|place
basement|theater|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
loft|closet|IsA|room in a home
desk|telephone|HasProperty|1 syllable
harbor|water|UsedFor|transportation
room|warehouse|IsA|private space
store|bowl|CapableOf|be opened/closed
stable|barnyard|UsedFor|housing animals
auditorium|ocean|CapableOf|have someone inside it
class|movie|UsedFor|learning
notebook|nails|UsedFor|writing
carnival|school|CapableOf|be performed
england|office|IsA|country or state
blood|person|IsA|type of fluid
school|car|HasProperty|a building structure
town|minnesota|IsA|part of a municipality
computer|television|HasProperty|used for learning
greenhouse|television|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
dinner|supermarket|UsedFor|eating or drinking
office|tile|HasProperty|a type of building
alcohol|car|UsedFor|eating or drinking
home|ceiling|IsA|place to sleep
museum|barn|UsedFor|communication
boxes|kitchen|HasProperty|found below ground level
drinking|tears|IsA|activity
smiles|favors|IsA|enjoyable
bedroom|mouse|IsA|room
cellar|box|IsA|room in a home
mansion|internet|IsA|location
motel|jail|HasA|fee to visit
table|floor|HasProperty|furniture
car|shelf|CapableOf|allow you to travel
kitchen|condiments|IsA|location or room
yard|suburb|CapableOf|be parked on
playground|building|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
doorway|human|PartOf|house 
attic|sun|HasProperty|found in the house
clothes|dinner|HasProperty|an object
city|cage|IsA|place
cabinet|bedroom|UsedFor|holding things
boat|river|IsA|place or location
bedroom|electricity|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
jar|kitchen|CapableOf|store things
australia|seaside|IsA|proper noun
cellar|person|HasProperty|a room in a building
library|porch|UsedFor|studying in
pencils|conference|UsedFor|writing
bowl|apartment|CapableOf| be moved
company|ceiling|HasA|use electricity
synagogue|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
encyclopedia|cage|CapableOf|be read
countryside|house|HasA|buildings in it
room|bathtub|IsA|building
television|party|AtLocation|inside someone's home
kitchen|cupboard|IsA|place to make food
alcohol|house|PartOf|food and drink
field|minnesota|PartOf|a house/home
working|panic|IsA|negative emotion
salad|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
chair|wood|IsA|place or location
church|house|UsedFor|worship
death|school|PartOf|the human body
museum|woods|IsA|room
company|freeway|IsA|business
fatigue|listening|IsA|emotion
supermarket|montana|IsA|place you buy food
bed|theater|MadeOf|wood
paper|refrigerator|UsedFor|reading
encyclopedia|meeting|UsedFor|learning
library|cabinet|HasA|walls
michigan|ocean|IsA|country or state
mountains|louisiana|HasA|start with a
magazine|drawer|UsedFor|reading 
shelf|bedroom|MadeOf|metal
desert|driveway|MadeOf|sand
relaxation|understanding|IsA|physical state
creek|forest|IsA|1 syllable word
apartment|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
groceries|home|AtLocation|in a kitchen
library|frogs|IsA|place you can go
love|inspiration|IsA|emotion
house|church|UsedFor|sleeping
church|conference|IsA|planet
garage|automobile|CapableOf|store a car
table|outside|MadeOf|wood
workplace|human|HasProperty|child friendly
circus|park|HasA|ticket box usually
dust|attic|AtLocation|on the floor
meeting|library|MadeOf|people gathering together
headache|entertaining|MadeOf|the human body
bicycle|closet|IsA|mode of transportation
enemies|aggression|HasA|physical element
sloth|hole|IsA|animal or book
table|roof|HasA|doors
wedding|jar|IsA|event
refrigerator|disneyland|HasProperty|found in the garden
school|table|AtLocation|on the map
cafe|humans|IsA|drink
idaho|unemployment|HasProperty|something you can touch
box|warehouse|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
classroom|map|IsA|place of learning
kitchen|sunshine|CapableOf|be currently visited
instruction|trauma|HasProperty|typically positive
america|suburbs|IsA|proper noun
homes|human|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
fire|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
floor|street|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
wisconsin|pond|CapableOf|be walked on
fear|pride|IsA|emotion
spoon|bowl|IsA|tableware
table|countryside|IsA|something kept at home
pain|inspiration|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
roof|mountain|HasProperty|man-made
library|jail|UsedFor|studying in
hospital|library|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
pocket|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
container|bar|UsedFor|storing things in
house|sky|AtLocation|at a home
library|knowledge|UsedFor|studying
school|bathroom|UsedFor|formal learning
doorway|homes|AtLocation|mostly inside
box|computer|UsedFor|packing things inside
clock|ceiling|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
boat|wood|IsA|place or location
concert|lights|IsA|music related event
school|jail|IsA|object
creek|valley|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
cupboard|trash|IsA|furniture
sink|field|AtLocation|in  a residence
jar|table|CapableOf|store things
picture|pennsylvania|AtLocation|at a party
vase|market|IsA|something kept at home
cut|lightning|IsA|physical damage to the body
happiness|pride|IsA|emotion
carpet|theater|UsedFor|furnishing a house
dictionary|refrigerator|IsA|necessity for education
television|silence|IsA|electronic device
england|picture|IsA|place
door|shelf|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
hospital|wall|IsA|public place
drawer|kitchen|IsA|furniture
newspaper|information|IsA|part media
apartment|bathroom|HasProperty|a type of home
grape|apartment|CapableOf|be sweet
classroom|paper|IsA|place of learning
newspaper|dentist|IsA|physical item 
office|village|AtLocation|in your company
money|street|CapableOf|be held in your hands
beach|desktop|IsA|vacation destination
automobile|office|CapableOf|move people
apartment|refrigerator|HasProperty|where someone can live
death|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
airport|airplane|AtLocation|mostly inside
backyard|rosebush|IsA|outdoor area
bee|box|IsA|living thing
restaurant|food|IsA|public building
disneyland|bedroom|HasProperty|found below ground level
onions|refrigerator|IsA|type of food
bed|window|MadeOf|wood
crying|knowledge|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
australia|dictionary|IsA|place
television|clouds|HasProperty|found inside a house
kitchen|sun|IsA|specific part of a structure
bedroom|poet|CapableOf|have people  inside
confession|building|HasA|ticket box usually
cabinet|museum|MadeOf|wood
museum|atlas|CapableOf|have people go inside
warehouse|bag|IsA|structure or building
kitchen|silverware|HasProperty|a room in a residence
roadway|town|CapableOf|be parked on
apartment|kitchen|IsA|building
aggression|enemies|IsA|feeling or emotion
microwave|electricity|IsA|physical and movable item
museum|pocket|IsA|building
michigan|case|IsA|place
excitement|fun|IsA|feeling
cabinet|antarctica|UsedFor|storage
mexico|playground|IsA|place you visit often
restaurants|manual|CapableOf|be entered
backyard|countryside|CapableOf|be man made
morgue|school|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
suburbs|stream|IsA|place
apartment|computer|IsA|location
salad|apartment|IsA|food
classroom|house|HasProperty|a room
bedroom|exchange|IsA|type of room
newspaper|telegram|HasProperty|a solid item 
pantry|table|UsedFor|keeping things cool
basement|disneyland|IsA|room
bar|woods|IsA|room
death|war|PartOf|the human body
bird|ocean|CapableOf|fly
glass|floor|IsA|object
potatoes|bowl|IsA|food
bedroom|outside|IsA|room (type)
bedroom|corner|CapableOf|be slept in
park|ground|IsA|place
stove|jar|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
barn|museum|UsedFor|fitness
television|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
magazine|commercial|CapableOf|be read
radio|information|CapableOf| be held in your hand
couch|restaurant|UsedFor|sleeping on
confusion|panic|IsA|negative emotion
sink|shelf|IsA|object
washington|beaver|PartOf|political geographical area
town|newspaper|IsA|place where you can live
synagogue|locker|IsA|building
purse|street|IsA|thing you have on person
bed|airplane|PartOf|house 
sun|building|HasProperty|capable of burning you
suburb|town|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
painting|field|IsA|object
coffee|stamps|UsedFor|eating
happiness|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
garden|container|IsA|location
pocket|desk|CapableOf|be used virtually 
highway|valley|HasProperty|made by humans
backpack|library|CapableOf|be worn
palace|war|HasA|exterior walls
air|weather|IsA|brand
discovery|pride|HasProperty|used to drive in
fight|death|HasProperty|about  clashes
bowl|table|IsA|dish
bar|machine|UsedFor|fun
building|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
celebrating|happiness|IsA|activity
cupboard|restaurant|CapableOf| be moved
circus|concert|IsA|place or location
embarrassment|controversy|IsA|emotion
museum|briefcase|CapableOf|have people go inside
pencils|cabinet|IsA|school supply
smiles|drinking|HasProperty|a positive emotion
sugar|attic|UsedFor|cooking
boat|restaurant|IsA|place or location
laugh|building|IsA|sound
ceiling|room|HasProperty|white
university|home|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
ocean|pond|IsA|place that humans can swim
car|dinner|CapableOf|allow you to travel
jail|clothing|CapableOf|provide a service
ball|field|UsedFor|playing
shelf|clothes|UsedFor|storage
store|ground|HasProperty|man made
roof|ground|PartOf|building
car|utensils|CapableOf|allow you to travel
park|ground|HasProperty|somewhere to go
country|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
hallway|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
california|tennessee|AtLocation|western united states
kitchen|porch|AtLocation|inside a house
motel|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
switzerland|outside|HasProperty|a country
accomplishment|anger|IsA|positive card
synagogue|locker|IsA|place of learning
grape|bathroom|CapableOf|be sweet
sugar|outside|UsedFor|cooking
backyard|canada|CapableOf|be part of a house
funeral|box|IsA|event
inside|cup|IsA|  place
rug|house|PartOf|the interior of a building
park|countryside|IsA|nature-related
bed|garbage|PartOf|house
classroom|notebook|CapableOf|have people go inside
england|city|IsA|country or state
theater|internet|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
garage|ocean|IsA|physical item 
cabinet|office|UsedFor|storage
newspaper|telegram|IsA|something kept a home
museum|good|PartOf|building
library|dust|IsA|necessity for education
forest|town|CapableOf|be part of a house
building|trees|HasA|walls
love|tears|IsA|emotion
chocolate|mouth|CapableOf|be eaten
restaurant|cabinet|UsedFor|storing things inside
bee|countryside|IsA|living thing
kitchen|cellar|UsedFor|cooking
toilet|garage|UsedFor|storing things inside
funeral|television|IsA|event
lamp|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
greenhouse|office|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
pantry|nails|UsedFor|storage
ocean|aquarium|IsA|place that humans can swim
desk|backyard|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
bridge|town|CapableOf|be drived on with car
kitchen|restaurant|IsA|room in a property
birds|lightning|CapableOf|fly
show|battle|UsedFor|recreation activity
embarrassment|entertaining|IsA|emotion
table|paperwork|UsedFor|sitting on
garden|china|IsA|small area
embarrassment|inspiration|IsA|negative thing
beach|sunshine|IsA|vacation destination
stream|sky|MadeOf|water
house|subdivision|IsA|residential area
china|lizard|IsA|location
yard|forest|CapableOf|be man made
bathroom|basement|HasA|a bath
waterfall|continent|HasA|water
dinner|encyclopedia|HasProperty|a meal
disneyland|concert|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
circus|confession|IsA|place or location
boat|sink|CapableOf|be used as transport 
canada|pond|IsA|nation
lumberyard|table|IsA|place or location
casino|pocket|IsA|place you can visit
morgue|battlefield|PartOf|the human body
depression|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
museum|garage|AtLocation|indoors
drawer|toilet|IsA|furniture
africa|region|PartOf|the continent 
door|building|HasProperty|found in a house
wedding|apartment|HasProperty|an event
town|supermarket|UsedFor| gathering together
anxiety|reflection|IsA|colorful
bubblegum|action|IsA|thing you have on person
museum|outside|MadeOf|wood
house|apartment|UsedFor|formal learning
restaurant|hotel|UsedFor|washing
supermarket|internet|IsA|location
enjoyment|fun|HasProperty|a positive emotion
museum|toilet|HasA|usually have people inside
bedroom|woods|HasProperty|a room
dishwasher|apartment|AtLocation|inside a house
shop|magazine|CapableOf|provide a service
neighborhood|yard|HasA|buildings in it
university|meeting|IsA|place to study
apartment|basement|IsA|building
russia|bank|IsA|country
house|supermarket|HasProperty|associated with drinking
manual|refrigerator|CapableOf|be held with one hand
hotel|ocean|CapableOf|have a street address
bedroom|corner|MadeOf|wood
wilderness|lemur|IsA|place or location to visit
pain|depression|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
closet|trunk|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
europe|gentleman|IsA|place people can meet
glass|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
beach|forest|UsedFor|swimming
house|lamp|IsA|building
ground|closet|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
lamp|office|HasProperty|1 syllable
car|bedroom|CapableOf|move location
bedroom|roof|AtLocation|indoors
drawer|books|HasProperty|furniture
florida|suburbs|IsA|proper noun
encyclopedia|university|UsedFor|studying
birds|reflection|CapableOf|fly
park|desert|HasProperty|man made
dictionary|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
africa|country|IsA|continent
pantry|cupboard|IsA|location
funeral|chocolate|IsA|event
cellar|trash|IsA|room in a home
bottle|casino|MadeOf|metal
hospital|bedroom|IsA|building
river|carpet|IsA|place or location
greenhouse|toilet|IsA|building
butterflies|fear|IsA|colorful
oven|bathroom|CapableOf|cook
school|notes|IsA|building
drawer|shelf|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
audience|internet|HasProperty|alive
synagogue|classroom|IsA|building
rug|backyard|UsedFor|standing on
picture|wall|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
internet|meeting|MadeOf|technology
pantry|garage|AtLocation|indoors
newspaper|home|UsedFor|reading
church|theater|IsA|planet
opera|town|IsA|event
australia|suburbs|IsA|proper noun
hunger|trauma|HasProperty|linked to food
garage|cupboard|IsA|room in a building
grape|field|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
opera|buildings|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
home|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
table|pantry|IsA|piece of furniture
room|nature|IsA|part of a house
inspiration|controversy|HasProperty|typically positive
basement|human|UsedFor|storing things
room|human|CapableOf|have someone inside it
people|carpet|PartOf|an office
onions|cup|IsA|type of food
classroom|paper|HasA|walls
apartment|glass|HasProperty|furniture
garage|outside|UsedFor|storage
contemplating|injury|IsA|emotion
house|trunk|CapableOf|be lived in
china|captivity|IsA|location
motel|church|HasA|fee to visit
lamp|opera|CapableOf|plug into the wall
movie|suit|IsA|place people can meet
hotel|restaurant|IsA|place you could sleep in
cafe|unemployment|IsA|drink
supermarket|car|HasProperty|a gathering place
conference|bathroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
store|wall|IsA|business
enemies|anger|HasA|physical element
basement|house|IsA|room
outside|stick|HasProperty|somewhere to go
kitchens|burger|IsA|location or room
library|apartment|HasProperty|a public place
ocean|office|AtLocation|with water
desktop|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
shop|floor|IsA|room or building
basement|bed|IsA|place or location
fear|butterflies|IsA|emotion
highway|outside|HasProperty|made by humans
america|beaver|IsA|place
store|desert|UsedFor|driving 
roof|ceiling|PartOf|building a house
cabinet|roof|UsedFor|storage
continent|river|CapableOf|be walked on
roof|rug|HasA|ceiling
class|head|HasProperty|related to studying
ceiling|carpet|UsedFor|building the structure of house
skin|wedding|UsedFor|buying food
auditorium|city|UsedFor|music
radio|attic|CapableOf|make sounds
street|minnesota|IsA|part of a municipality
toilet|house|IsA|room in a property
house|countryside|IsA|residential area
refrigerator|dinner|CapableOf|be entered
desk|dinner|IsA|furniture
bar|minnesota|IsA|building
product|demonstration|CapableOf|be touched
bird|nature|IsA|1 syllable word
kitchen|disneyland|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
bird|sky|IsA|living thing
trunk|dinner|UsedFor|storage
celebrating|enjoyment|IsA|physical emotion
mountains|oklahoma|HasA|start with a
soup|fly|UsedFor|eating or drinking
mansion|town|HasProperty|a type of home
sewer|store|PartOf|waste management system
roadway|china|CapableOf|be parked on
cupboard|corner|UsedFor|storage
table|mess|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
church|electricity|UsedFor|worship
cupboard|floor|HasProperty|furniture
door|apartment|MadeOf|wood
mexico|marmoset|IsA|state
soup|puddle|UsedFor|eating or drinking
cabinet|toilet|IsA|furniture
radio|internet|CapableOf| be held in your hand
bird|sky|CapableOf|fly
cinema|buildings|UsedFor|putting on a show
carrots|bowl|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
magazines|home|UsedFor|reading
regret|fun|IsA|verb
store|backpack|IsA|location
theater|montana|IsA|event
office|book|CapableOf|have people go inside
suburbs|newspaper|IsA|residential area
europe|clothing|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
dancing|headache|IsA|something considered as positive
empathy|suicide|IsA|something considered as positive
library|television|UsedFor|reading
book|map|UsedFor|reading
candy|jar|UsedFor|eating
river|inside|IsA|place or location
bathtub|boat|HasProperty|found in a house
restaurant|pond|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
desktop|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
hairbrush|sun|CapableOf|move location
beach|field|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
museum|war|PartOf|building
table|dentist|IsA|physical item 
microwave|cat|UsedFor|cooking food
house|floor|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
homes|airplane|PartOf|house 
university|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
home|table|IsA|type /part of building
hotel|building|HasA|beds
competing|aggression|IsA|positive card
restaurant|movies|IsA|public building
snore|drawer|PartOf|house
people|montana|UsedFor|buying food
salad|cupboard|IsA|food
embarrassment|agreement|IsA|negative feeling
performing|food|IsA|emotion
bar|bedroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
den|sink|HasA|door
bed|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
closet|ground|HasProperty|found inside a house
carnival|bathroom|CapableOf|be performed
office|kitchen|HasProperty|a type of building
church|workplace|IsA|place people go for fun
kitchen|office|HasProperty|found in a house
lake|cage|IsA|place
synagogue|auditorium|IsA|religious card
blanket|michigan|AtLocation|inside a house
money|store|CapableOf|be held in your hands
potatoes|apartment|IsA|food
lake|wilderness|IsA|1 syllable word
television|garden|AtLocation|inside a home
drawer|pantry|IsA|furniture
market|plate|IsA|place
pond|forest|UsedFor|swimming
apartment|friends|IsA|type /part of building
house|manual|CapableOf|be entered
synagogue|people|IsA|place or location
desert|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
library|notebook|HasA|walls
river|continent|HasA|water
meeting|gentleman|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
like|favors|IsA|enjoyable
car|trunk|CapableOf|allow you to travel
cut|fear|IsA|physical damage to the body
bridge|fish|CapableOf|be walked on
street|house|CapableOf|be parked on
countryside|sloth|IsA|place
india|suburbs|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
aquarium|wilderness|HasA|water
plants|house|HasA|green plant
garage|classroom|IsA|type of building
dance|class|CapableOf|be performed
soup|harbor|IsA|physical item 
pride|talk|IsA|feeling
university|movie|UsedFor|learning
school|party|IsA|building
library|factory|UsedFor|children to study
desk|floor|IsA|item of furniture
bed|tile|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
plate|cabinet|IsA|dish
boredom|cleanliness|CapableOf|happiness
supermarket|refrigerator|IsA|type of business
warehouse|mail|UsedFor|storing physical things
closet|utensils|UsedFor|storage
boat|medium|CapableOf|be used as transport 
morgue|garage|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
backpack|floor|IsA|object
salad|market|IsA|food
restaurants|clouds|UsedFor|eating or drinking
bar|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
school|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
encyclopedia|meeting|HasProperty|related to studying
god|desk|IsA|religious card
paper|pocket|IsA|school supply
stove|stomach|CapableOf|be found in a house
liquid|ballpark|HasA|connection to food
nostalgia|hunger|IsA|emotion
desk|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
desk|backyard|HasA|legs
airport|ceiling|CapableOf|rain
mouse|toilet|CapableOf|storing food
cupboard|glass|MadeOf|metal
audience|classroom|HasProperty|alive
field|painting|IsA|location
theater|money|IsA|place you can visit
park|windowsill|AtLocation|outside
pantry|store|UsedFor|storage
shelf|kitchen|MadeOf|metal
roof|kitchen|PartOf|vehicle
toilet|museum|UsedFor|storing things inside
mansion|people|IsA|location
montana|ontario|PartOf|america
suburb|roadway|IsA|place where you can live
boat|garage|CapableOf|be used as transport 
garage|house|HasProperty|used for storing cars
car|home|HasProperty|capable of burning you
table|museum|CapableOf|be found in a house
garage|table|CapableOf|opened or closed
porch|table|IsA|room or building
synagogue|atlas|IsA|building
refrigerator|antarctica|CapableOf|be found in a house
stream|forest|IsA|1 syllable word
television|garage|UsedFor|storing things inside
drawer|bed|CapableOf|be easily carried
enjoyment|celebrating|HasProperty|an emotion
supermarket|dinner|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
buildings|conference|UsedFor|living inside of
meeting|television|MadeOf|people gathering together
classroom|garage|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
pocket|atlas|CapableOf|be worn
lake|commercial|MadeOf|water
university|knowledge|IsA|place to study
shelf|door|UsedFor|storage
airport|hallway|HasProperty|a public place
cabinet|museum|AtLocation|in a building
anger|tears|IsA|emotion
bathroom|cabinet|HasA|usually have people inside
clock|love|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
light|ocean|HasProperty|found in the house
desires|sweat|IsA|feeling
bedroom|sugar|IsA|room in a building
michigan|bar|IsA|state in usa
battle|competing|CapableOf|create physical pain
refrigerators|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
skyscraper|airplane|PartOf|house 
table|dishwasher|IsA|something you eat off
store|box|IsA|location
newspaper|information|HasProperty|a publication
lemur|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
sugar|cupboard|UsedFor|cooking
homes|love|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
cinema|mansion|UsedFor|putting on a show
erections|dreams|IsA|physical object
condiments|cup|IsA|type of food
thinking|birds|IsA|emotion
pantry|sink|UsedFor|storage 
purse|pocket|HasProperty|to do with currency
suffering|agreement|IsA|negative feeling
drawer|store|HasProperty|an object
apartment|dishwasher|IsA|building
embarrassment|pain|IsA|reaction
michigan|dinner|IsA|place
sugar|container|UsedFor|cooking
laugh|demonstration|IsA|sound
soup|supermarket|AtLocation|in a home
excitement|like|IsA|emotion
bathroom|beach|HasProperty|man-made
street|curtain|HasProperty|hot
restaurants|alcohol|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
skin|conference|UsedFor|buying food
casino|jar|IsA|place you can visit
sun|city|IsA|weather
pond|restaurant|UsedFor|swimming
cupboard|cabinet|CapableOf|be opened
closet|corner|HasA|feet to stand 
problems|remembering|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
kitchen|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
hotel|food|IsA|public building
food|container|CapableOf|be eaten
house|container|IsA|room (type)
hallway|exchange|IsA|room in a house
backpack|map|CapableOf|be worn
homes|doorway|CapableOf|be lived in
park|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
closet|floor|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
morgue|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
rug|persia|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
learning|happiness|IsA|activity
restaurant|movie|HasA|person stood at the front
anger|working|IsA|negative feeling or expression
conference|people|HasA|ticket box usually
trash|information|HasProperty|a solid item 
restaurant|movies|IsA|place
river|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
drawer|kitchen|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
america|mountains|AtLocation|labeled on a map
apartment|dishwasher|AtLocation|on the map
bedroom|library|AtLocation|inside someone's home
table|encyclopedia|CapableOf|be held with one hand
house|wilderness|HasProperty|in or is a building
neighborhood|desert|IsA|place where you can live
garage|death|HasA|exterior walls
synagogue|cabinet|IsA|building
classroom|demonstration|IsA|location
fire|loft|HasProperty|capable of burning you
lake|sloth|MadeOf|water
hallway|table|IsA|type of room
canada|outdoors|IsA|nation
carpet|sailboat|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
jar|kitchen|UsedFor|storage
electricity|restaurant|MadeOf|wood
house|funeral|HasA|exterior walls
flowers|countryside|IsA|something kept at home
basement|car|IsA|place
sadness|sleep|IsA|emotion
pantry|disneyland|HasProperty|used for meals
street|birds|HasProperty|man made
cabinet|bottle|MadeOf|wood
jar|bottle|UsedFor|storage 
sea|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
library|home|HasProperty|a public place
convention|skin|IsA|place
ranch|tennessee|UsedFor|food
house|trunk|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
pizza|kitchen|HasProperty|edible
encyclopedia|kitchen|IsA|animal or book
carrots|soup|IsA|vegetable 
funeral|auditorium|IsA| event
roof|floor|HasA|ceiling
headache|arguments|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
container|box|HasA|connection to food
shoe|state|AtLocation|inside a house
box|backpack|UsedFor|storage
class|field|HasProperty|related to studying
room|party|UsedFor|sleeping
contemplating|relaxation|UsedFor|seeking an answer
soup|table|CapableOf|be eaten
california|prison|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
house|roof|IsA|building
microwave|basement|CapableOf|plug into the wall
chairs|church|UsedFor|furnishing a house
attic|television|UsedFor|storage
maine|utah|IsA|state that starts with m
trees|restaurant|CapableOf|be part of a house
ballpark|front|HasProperty|related to children
university|class|IsA|place to study
suburb|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
university|bicycle|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
sun|bedroom|HasProperty|capable of burning you
bedroom|airport|HasA|bed for sleeping
maine|office|IsA|country or state
paper|garden|UsedFor|reading
nostalgia|instruction|IsA|emotion
hallway|rain|AtLocation|at a home
discovery|food|HasProperty|used to drive in
hallway|doctor|IsA|type /part of building
wallet|supermarket|IsA|thing you have on person
cat|garage|IsA|animal
kentucky|desert|PartOf|political geographical area
floor|house|MadeOf|wood
tension|effort|IsA|feeling or emotion
corner|motel|AtLocation|inside someone's home
lamp|program|CapableOf|plug into the wall
house|driveway|IsA|place where you can live
electricity|program|UsedFor|powering other things
building|kitchen|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
cabinet|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
montana|ontario|IsA|american state
roof|house|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
garage|building|AtLocation|at a house
closet|television|UsedFor|storage
store|demonstration|IsA|place
stress|sweat|IsA|feeling or emotion
knowledge|crying|IsA|positive thing
dust|windowsill|AtLocation|on the floor
carpet|river|IsA|place or location
like|dancing|HasProperty|an emotion
television|outside|AtLocation|indoors
shelf|pot|HasProperty|a beverage
mexico|aircraft|MadeOf|by man
chairs|bedroom|UsedFor|furnishing a house
bathroom|car|IsA|location
shelf|desktop|HasProperty|made of wood
tension|death|IsA|feeling or emotion
love|entertaining|HasProperty|a positive emotion
newspaper|bed|UsedFor|reading
stuff|table|IsA|1 syllable word
pleasure|frustration|IsA|happy card
opera|body|IsA|place
switzerland|picture|IsA|location
encyclopedia|school|IsA|animal or book
people|church|UsedFor|buying food
forest|beach|CapableOf|be part of a house
restaurants|house|PartOf|food and drink
school|factory|UsedFor|children to study
china|city|HasProperty|a country
money|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
car|chicken|CapableOf|be used as transport 
bird|roof|CapableOf|fly
car|ceiling|HasA|use electricity
concert|barn|UsedFor|travel
bedroom|garage|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
kitchen|pantry|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
table|supermarket|AtLocation|in  a residence
canada|picture|IsA|location
house|auditorium|IsA|building
table|flowers|UsedFor|storing items
closet|mail|UsedFor|storing physical things
house|alcohol|CapableOf|be entered
desktop|party|IsA|device used for working
snow|wilderness|HasProperty|cold
notebook|garden|UsedFor|reading
laughter|fulfillment|IsA|activity
attic|outside|IsA|room
school|college|IsA|object
bathtub|ground|HasA|feet to stand 
doctor|drawer|CapableOf|provide a service
kitchen|boxes|IsA|room in a building
library|shelf|UsedFor|viewing/reading
shop|desktop|HasProperty|1 syllable
toilet|house|AtLocation|in a building
jar|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
minnesota|painting|IsA|location
museum|office|UsedFor|storing historical artifacts
hotel|funeral|IsA|place
harbor|soup|UsedFor|transportation
bank|field|IsA|place
sink|kitchen|HasProperty|furniture
garden|plants|IsA|place
arizona|arkansas|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
wedding|church|HasProperty|an event
boat|chicken|CapableOf|be used as transport 
pencils|teacher|IsA|school supply
bowl|trash|AtLocation|inside a house
canada|skyscraper|IsA|country or state
outdoors|countryside|IsA|nature-related
shelf|kitchens|HasProperty|a beverage
attic|clouds|UsedFor|storage
pantry|cup|IsA|type of room in houses
kitchens|trunk|IsA|type of business
glass|apartment|IsA|object
yard|trees|UsedFor|children to play
mountains|california|HasA|start with a
couch|castle|AtLocation|mostly inside
radio|dust|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
pocket|cabinet|CapableOf|be held with one hand
confusion|satisfaction|IsA|negative feeling or expression
library|book|IsA|place
wisconsin|waterfall|HasProperty|human made
kitchens|beer|IsA|type of business
table|wallet|IsA|something you eat off
florida|maine|PartOf|the south
library|office|UsedFor|reading
office|airport|AtLocation|in a house
elevator|program|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
desert|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
church|television|UsedFor|worship
chicken|street|IsA|physical item 
refrigerator|desktop|UsedFor|storage of physical items
television|meeting|MadeOf|technology
relaxation|talk|IsA|mental state
house|woods|IsA|type of building
bird|wilderness|IsA|1 syllable word
supermarket|table|HasA|edible items for sale
battle|sweat|HasProperty|about  clashes
classroom|house|PartOf|admin role
greenhouse|restaurant|HasProperty|found in the garden
table|glass|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
action|contemplating|IsA|colorful
bedroom|store|IsA|place to live
dust|closet|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
freeway|safe|UsedFor|car travel
stove|inside|HasProperty|used for meals
house|party|UsedFor|sleeping
drawer|floor|UsedFor|storage
action|discovery|IsA|physical state
toronto|chair|IsA|place
restaurants|manual|UsedFor|eating or drinking
hotel|closet|IsA|building
garage|bicycle|UsedFor|storing vehicles
backpack|teacher|UsedFor|carrying things
hospital|michigan|IsA|business that serves food
kitchen|attic|UsedFor|cooking
electricity|church|MadeOf|wood
bay|river|HasA|3 letters
roof|countryside|IsA|natural or man made
body|convention|UsedFor|buying food
playground|trees|UsedFor|children to play
library|dinner|UsedFor|studying
shoe|suburb|AtLocation|inside a house
cup|stomach|AtLocation|in a house
cat|microwave|IsA|animal
mouth|movies|IsA|part of the body
beach|desktop|IsA|place
money|church|IsA|thing you have on person
bed|wedding|HasProperty|furniture in a house
sorrow|instruction|IsA|emotion
plate|stamps|UsedFor|eating
circus|apartment|HasA|ticket box usually
tree|synagogue|IsA|place or location
sink|kitchen|MadeOf|metal
heaven|field|IsA|place
dinner|jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking
ceiling|street|HasProperty|white
world|friend|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
drawer|utensils|IsA|1 syllable word
cave|bathroom|IsA|public place
cabinet|bedroom|HasA|doors
chair|bedroom|HasProperty|easily movable
lake|nature|IsA|1 syllable word
room|loft|CapableOf|sleeping
happiness|learning|IsA|emotion
dishwasher|garage|AtLocation|inside a house
potatoes|restaurant|IsA|sweet or savory
toronto|garbage|PartOf|house
motel|closet|IsA|building
trauma|crying|IsA|negative feeling
food|table|CapableOf|be eaten
grape|bathroom|IsA|sweet or savory
manual|classroom|CapableOf|be held with one hand
shelf|clothing|UsedFor|storage
classroom|computer|IsA|location
spoon|food|IsA|tableware
airport|bathroom|HasA|airplanes
cupboard|shelf|CapableOf|be opened
table|house|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
sailboat|house|AtLocation|with water
house|bedroom|HasProperty|1 syllable
bowl|garden|AtLocation|in a home
mansion|wedding|UsedFor|living inside of
shop|motel|HasProperty|1 syllable
celebrating|tears|IsA|activity
couch|heaven|AtLocation|mostly inside
desk|people|IsA|n item of furniture
cabinet|roof|HasA|doors
corner|restaurant|AtLocation|in your home
newspaper|table|UsedFor|reading
restaurant|television|IsA|public building
funeral|window|IsA|ceremony
bay|city|HasA|water
cabinet|mouse|IsA|room (type)
company|bathroom|IsA|business
refrigerator|arboretum|UsedFor|storing food
kitchen|bowl|IsA|type of room
computer|apartment|UsedFor|learning
birds|school|CapableOf|fly
manual|cabinet|UsedFor|viewing/reading
ball|bearing|UsedFor|playing
florida|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
portfolio|garden|UsedFor|reading
apartment|computer|HasA|usually have people inside
waterfall|wilderness|HasA|water
love|tears|HasProperty|an emotion
trunk|shelf|UsedFor|storing things in
spoon|store|AtLocation|in a house
house|clock|MadeOf|a natural material
bathroom|television|HasProperty|a room
market|office|HasProperty|a public place
windowsill|bathroom|MadeOf|trees
closet|water|PartOf|house
bedroom|outside|CapableOf|be found in a house
boredom|arguments|CapableOf|happiness
rain|disneyland|HasProperty|associated with the environment
death|fight|IsA|physical outcome
bridge|waterfall|CapableOf|be walked on
home|drugstore|IsA|place to sleep
microwave|music|IsA|physical and movable item
car|house|UsedFor|driving
shop|computer|HasProperty|1 syllable
table|persia|HasA|legs
airplane|classroom|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
office|lamp|CapableOf|have a street address
bathroom|mind|PartOf|building
refrigerator|disneyland|AtLocation|in a house
university|safe|HasProperty|related to studying
train|cottage|HasA|outdoor scenery
backpack|synagogue|CapableOf|be worn
morgue|hospital|PartOf|the human body
skate|war|IsA|action
nostalgia|sleep|IsA|emotion
kitchen|container|HasProperty|used for meals
wall|antarctica|AtLocation|indoors
toronto|drawer|PartOf|house
kitchen|refrigerator|AtLocation|inside a house
bar|bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
glass|ocean|UsedFor|eating or drinking
classroom|office|IsA|place where students learn
ballpark|dog|IsA|place or location
crying|love|IsA|reaction
satisfaction|fun|IsA|feeling
beach|backyard|UsedFor|swimming
store|pocket|CapableOf|keeping cash
disneyland|people|IsA|place or location
bedroom|garden|UsedFor|sleeping on
store|box|PartOf|physical structure
potatoes|market|IsA|sweet or savory
house|ground|AtLocation|outside
picture|desktop|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
mouth|assessment|IsA|human or part of human
empathy|skin|IsA|something considered as positive
building|love|IsA|public place
house|ocean|HasA|usually have people inside
suburb|subdivision|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
hotel|lamp|UsedFor|a holiday
space|box|HasA|to do with planets
mouse|greenhouse|AtLocation|inside a house
manual|park|UsedFor|reading
office|briefcase|HasA|walls
bowl|food|AtLocation|in a house
switzerland|picture|HasA|city inside
apartment|sewer|IsA|private space
store|utensils|UsedFor|to keep items
theater|change|IsA|place you can visit
attic|television|HasA|opening or door
lamp|music|CapableOf|plug into the wall
house|closet|IsA|building
ficus|home|IsA|looks like house
glass|garage|UsedFor|eating or drinking
opera|apartment|UsedFor|putting on a show
outdoors|sky|MadeOf|trees
restaurants|room|PartOf|food and drink
bar|state|IsA|building
bathroom|cabinet|IsA|room
trash|pot|CapableOf|cooking
dance|carnival|IsA|action
wedding|theater|HasProperty|an event
car|room|UsedFor|driving
closet|shed|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
museum|locker|IsA|place of learning
book|park|UsedFor|reading
crying|instruction|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
town|internet|IsA|location
people|synagogue|IsA|looks like paypal 
kitchen|store|IsA|type of room
garbage|ground|HasA|opening or door
grape|field|CapableOf|be sweet
kitchen|cup|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
portfolio|cabinet|UsedFor|reading
utensils|trash|UsedFor|eating
theater|wedding|UsedFor|putting on a show
kitchen|house|IsA|specific part of a structure
montana|conference|IsA|place
opera|montana|IsA|event
roof|sky|PartOf|building a house
bedroom|lamp|MadeOf|wood
backpack|apartment|UsedFor|packing things inside
desk|house|UsedFor|sitting on
plants|office|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
seattle|desert|PartOf|city
disneyland|sunbathers|IsA|place
cellar|box|IsA|structure or building
fulfillment|learning|IsA|emotion
injury|birds|IsA|emotion
lamp|library|HasProperty|1 syllable
university|suit|UsedFor|learning
dirt|corner|HasA|wheels
hallway|conference|IsA|type of room
ranch|city|UsedFor|food
outside|burrow|HasA|multiple definitions
roof|outside|PartOf|house
countryside|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
bedroom|sun|IsA|specific part of a structure
car|soup|UsedFor|transportation
bay|wisconsin|HasA|water
office|garden|AtLocation|inside a home
drawer|dishwasher|IsA|furniture
countryside|cottage|HasA|outdoor scenery
enemies|accomplishment|HasProperty|about  clashes
museum|confusion|PartOf|building
country|wilderness|HasProperty|human made
house|den|HasA|roof
suburb|countryside|IsA|residential area
bay|continent|HasA|water
hotel|basement|HasA|usually have people inside
store|squirrel|HasProperty|man made
work|valley|AtLocation|indoors
apartment|party|IsA|building
dust|windowsill|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
pantry|backpack|IsA|location
stress|injuries|IsA|feeling or emotion
house|office|HasA|bed for sleeping
tree|lumberyard|IsA|place or location
wallet|action|CapableOf|be held in your hands
carpet|house|PartOf|the interior of a building
shock|nostalgia|IsA|negative thing
trunk|clothes|UsedFor|storage
happiness|pride|CapableOf|tell stories
lake|bathroom|IsA|natural thing
town|newspaper|HasProperty|a location
ranch|stable|UsedFor|food
closet|kitchen|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
apartment|disneyland|IsA|building
kentucky|ontario|IsA|american state
skyscraper|airport|PartOf|house 
outdoors|countryside|UsedFor|children to play
desk|coffee|IsA|piece of furniture
corner|dirt|HasA|first letter c
game|throne|IsA|place people can meet
speaker|theater|IsA|physical and movable item
porch|chair|PartOf|house
plate|drawer|CapableOf|be held in your hands
cabinet|desktop|UsedFor|storage
car|chicken|UsedFor|transportation
theater|bubblegum|IsA|place you can visit
closet|can|HasProperty|a beverage
florida|seaside|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
roadway|montana|CapableOf|be parked on
god|people|IsA|religious card
attic|mouse|IsA|room
backpack|city|AtLocation|inside a house
bay|continent|IsA|somewhere animals swim
california|city|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
house|clothing|UsedFor|to keep items
pantry|trunk|MadeOf|metal
cat|house|HasA|animal
garden|backyard|IsA|nature-related
dictionary|america|CapableOf|be read
hotel|house|IsA|business
bathroom|rock|HasProperty|somewhere to go
india|prison|IsA|proper noun
fire|sun|CapableOf|move location
love|like|HasProperty|a positive emotion
restaurant|suburb|IsA|business that serves food
university|closet|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
desktop|bedroom|IsA|n electronic device
god|imagination|IsA|religious card
space|front|HasProperty|related to planets
supermarket|cupboard|HasA|edible items for sale
bathroom|toilet|HasProperty|a room
country|continent|HasProperty|ruled by one government
desert|lizard|IsA|location
magazines|porch|IsA|physical item 
trees|burrow|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
pan|refrigerators|CapableOf|cook
entertaining|empathy|IsA|activity
food|jar|UsedFor|eating
meeting|color|IsA|gathering of people
sink|den|AtLocation|in a kitchen
trees|leaves|MadeOf|wood
bread|room|PartOf|food and drink
outdoors|playground|IsA|nature-related
chair|inside|HasProperty|furniture in a house
painting|washington|IsA|object
burger|bar|IsA|type of food
lawn|library|HasProperty|a solid item 
pain|dream|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
park|television|IsA|place
church|desk|IsA|religious card
seaside|beaver|IsA|place
synagogue|demonstration|HasA|exterior walls
ocean|bridge|IsA|somewhere animals swim
microwave|book|HasA|use electricity
cellar|carrots|CapableOf|be opened/closed
hotel|jail|HasA|fee to visit
depression|inspiration|IsA|emotion
jar|ballpark|UsedFor|containing objects
house|pantry|HasA|roof
chocolate|supermarket|CapableOf|be eaten
windowsill|bird|MadeOf|trees
ocean|wisconsin|IsA|somewhere animals swim
drawer|floor|HasProperty|furniture
fly|burrow|HasProperty|found above ground
table|bathtub|MadeOf|wood
store|funeral|UsedFor|storing physical things
suburbs|lake|IsA|place
garden|house|HasA|green plant
backyard|nature|IsA|part of a property
radio|television|CapableOf| be held in your hand
plants|roof|MadeOf|natural materials
car|store|UsedFor|storage
house|table|UsedFor|housing
depression|knowing|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
africa|dirt|PartOf|the continent 
trauma|depression|IsA|negative feeling
valley|countryside|HasProperty|2 syllables
auditorium|church|HasA|fee to visit
market|ground|IsA|type of shop
homes|wings|PartOf|house 
library|color|UsedFor|studying
plate|movie|IsA|something you eat off
band|human|IsA|job
bubblegum|wallet|CapableOf|keeping cash
greenhouse|bowl|IsA|building
restaurant|hallway|IsA|room
kitchen|funeral|HasProperty|found in a house
cow|antarctica|IsA|animal
blanket|restaurant|AtLocation|inside a house
supermarket|jar|IsA|place you can visit
sea|pond|IsA|place that humans can swim
refrigerators|kitchen|UsedFor|cooling things
sink|kitchen|IsA|object
bubblegum|church|CapableOf|be held in your hands
atlas|office|UsedFor|reading
sorrow|nightmares|IsA|emotion
supermarket|apartment|IsA|place you buy food
freeway|forest|IsA|man-made thing
auditorium|house|HasA|fee to visit
antarctica|barnyard|IsA|animal
happiness|tension|IsA|positive card
door|library|MadeOf|wood
sea|fish|HasA|water
airport|glasses|CapableOf|have people  inside
grape|potatoes|CapableOf|be sweet
sunbathers|glass|HasProperty|hot
happiness|entertaining|IsA|emotion
maine|michigan|HasA|border with an ocean
anxiety|food|IsA|colorful
car|water|UsedFor|transportation
desk|park|AtLocation|inside someone's home
fear|anxiety|IsA|negative emotion
mouth|families|IsA|part of the body
garage|sewer|IsA|room in a building
boat|soup|CapableOf|be used as transport 
bowl|restaurant|CapableOf| be moved
england|valley|IsA|country or state
hospital|ocean|HasA|bed for sleeping
