bathroom|AtLocation|mostly inside
jail|IsA|building
anxiety|IsA|colorful
desktop|UsedFor|viewing/reading
sorrow|IsA|emotion
vase|UsedFor|holding things
hallway|HasProperty|able to be entered
magazine|UsedFor|reading
bank|AtLocation|in home
punishment|IsA|noun
outdoors|UsedFor|children to play
bowl|IsA|something you eat off
school|CapableOf|have a street address
sailboat|AtLocation|with water
inspiration|IsA|n emotion
home|IsA|part of a property
newspaper|PartOf|the human body
kitchen|HasProperty|found in a house
nest|HasProperty|man-made
drinking|IsA|verb
mountains|HasA|start with a
park|HasA|green plant
school|HasProperty|child friendly
embarrassment|IsA|feeling/emotion
chair|IsA|store items
city|HasA|large population
cupboard|IsA|furniture
apartment|IsA|house where man live
switzerland|IsA|animal
dust|AtLocation|on the floor
garbage|HasProperty|known as dirty
exhaustion|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
classroom|HasProperty|a gathering place
canada|IsA|place people work and live
restaurant|HasProperty|related to eating
stick|IsA|living/once living
backyard|AtLocation|outside
building|IsA|public place
church|IsA|place you can visit
continent|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
cup|HasProperty|used for meals
rug|UsedFor|furniture
inspiration|IsA|positive thing
candy|HasProperty|sweet
library|AtLocation|at a famous university
butterflies|HasA|physical appearance
magazine|UsedFor|reading 
cellar|UsedFor|storage
alabama|IsA|country
book|IsA|thing you can touch
garden|IsA|bodypart
restaurant|IsA|type of building
table|MadeOf|wood
dishes|UsedFor|food
room|PartOf|single housing unit
cage|AtLocation|in home
automobile|HasA|four wheels
apartment|IsA|type /part of building
cabinet|HasProperty|furniture
telephone|IsA|electronic device
park|CapableOf|have people inside
pizza|IsA|type of food
apartment|IsA|looks like house
circus|IsA|place or location
windowsill|HasProperty|man-made
carnival|IsA|music related event
france|IsA|home
vaccines|IsA|medical product
class|IsA|place people can meet
pond|HasA|properties of any kind
homes|AtLocation|indoors
synagogue|UsedFor|religious services
fear|IsA|negative emotion
field|AtLocation|in home
concert|UsedFor|flying
sky|CapableOf|rain
china|IsA|n individual country
jail|UsedFor|a gathering of people
heaven|IsA|religious card
discovery|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
newspaper|HasA|letter e in it
meeting|AtLocation|at home
bar|UsedFor|eating or drinking
field|AtLocation|outside
bedroom|HasProperty|a room in a residence
loft|IsA|structure or building
floor|UsedFor|sitting on
bathroom|PartOf|physical structure
pond|IsA|small body of water
bubblegum|CapableOf|be held in your hands
sunshine|HasProperty|hot
library|IsA|object
thinking|HasProperty|related to studying
meeting|UsedFor|storage
television|HasA|letter e in it
ground|MadeOf|organic brown matter
crowd|CapableOf|have people physically in it
salad|IsA|sweet or savory
drawer|MadeOf|wood
embarrassment|IsA|emotion
hotel|IsA|building
supermarket|HasA|edible items for sale
desert|MadeOf|sand
cup|AtLocation|in a house
rock|HasA|outdoor scenery
street|IsA|place or location
drawer|UsedFor|storage
hotel|UsedFor|a holiday
ground|IsA|place where people live
jar|AtLocation|in a house
restaurant|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
house|HasA|doors
windowsill|HasProperty|found inside a house
store|CapableOf|have people physically in it
band|MadeOf|by man
ceiling|HasProperty|flat
street|HasProperty|a location
office|HasProperty|able to be entered
trees|CapableOf|be part of a house
ocean|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
discovery|HasProperty|used to drive in
america|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
roof|PartOf|vehicle
lamp|AtLocation|inside someone's home
school|UsedFor|education
frustration|IsA|negative feeling
homes|IsA|place
michigan|PartOf|natural landscape
light|IsA|piece of furniture
kitchen|IsA|place to store items
bedroom|AtLocation|in a building
country|CapableOf|be walked on
office|CapableOf|have people  inside
shelf|IsA|place to store items
store|IsA|building
bar|IsA|room
shelf|UsedFor|storage of physical items
apartment|IsA|another word for show
university|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
disneyland|AtLocation|at america
box|UsedFor|packing things inside
rock|IsA|natural or man made
aquarium|HasA|water
elevator|IsA|physical and movable item
jar|UsedFor|living
television|IsA|store items
marmoset|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
carnival|UsedFor|flying
home|IsA|place to sleep
colorado|IsA|place
knowledge|IsA|negative thing
museum|HasProperty|visited by tourists
garage|CapableOf|be lived in
table|UsedFor|eating
disneyland|PartOf|city
playground|CapableOf|be part of a house
building|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
classroom|IsA|location
front|IsA|cartoon
flower|UsedFor|at home
book|AtLocation|library
bar|IsA|business that serves food
furniture|PartOf|house
cow|IsA|animal
death|HasA|physical element
pantry|MadeOf|metal
factory|UsedFor|generating products or plants
ground|IsA|natural or man made
information|PartOf|human mind
floor|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
countryside|MadeOf|trees
wilderness|HasA|earth
house|MadeOf|a natural material
church|UsedFor|a gathering of people
ceiling|PartOf|house
kitchen|IsA|specific part of a structure
park|IsA|place where you can visit
table|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
work|AtLocation|library
airplane|CapableOf|move freely
desk|IsA|1 syllable word
lightning|HasA|physical appearance
farmyard|IsA|location
universe|IsA|place or location to visit
office|IsA|n electronic device
controversy|IsA|negative thing
barn|HasProperty|a type of property
florida|HasA|border with an ocean
cupboard|HasProperty|found below ground level
garden|MadeOf|organic brown matter
house|MadeOf|glass
backyard|IsA|outdoor area
fear|IsA|emotion
jungle|IsA|outdoor area
stomach|IsA|  place
river|IsA|place or location
cut|IsA|physical damage to the body
fatigue|IsA|emotion
notebook|HasProperty|sold in stores
room|HasA|ceiling
table|HasProperty|an object
bird|IsA|living thing
disneyland|HasProperty|hot
chair|CapableOf|be held with one hand
television|IsA|electronic device
frustration|IsA|feeling
clothing|IsA|wooden object 
bedroom|MadeOf|wood
synagogue|HasProperty|a type of property
library|HasA|walls
jar|CapableOf|store things
windowsill|UsedFor|holding things
beach|UsedFor|swimming
plate|IsA|1 syllable word
butterflies|IsA|colorful
papers|AtLocation|at home
store|IsA|structure or building
cat|IsA|a animal
book|UsedFor|studying
plants|HasProperty|found in a home
hallway|IsA|type /part of building
hotel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
tree|UsedFor|throwing
street|UsedFor|transportation
anthology|IsA|art-related item
depression|IsA|emotion
park|HasProperty|somewhere to go
carnival|CapableOf|be performed
auditorium|HasA|usually have people inside
table|AtLocation|library
clothes|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
freeway|HasA|people living on
president|HasProperty|powerful
nostalgia|IsA|emotion
home|HasProperty|plural
monastery|IsA|religious card
pain|IsA|negative thing
trouble|HasProperty|used at night mostly
problems|IsA|something a baby could have
confusion|IsA|negative emotion
suburbs|IsA|place where you can live
effort|CapableOf|cause injury
university|CapableOf|have people  inside
seaside|IsA|place
conference|IsA|location
shelf|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
refrigerators|HasA|store edible items
cupboard|IsA|piece of furniture
michigan|IsA|country or state
creek|IsA|1 syllable word
school|AtLocation|indoors
human|AtLocation|on a map
desert|IsA|location
bank|IsA|room
church|HasProperty|child friendly
room|IsA|part of a house
room|CapableOf|have someone inside it
grape|IsA|sweet or savory
library|CapableOf|be used virtually 
clouds|PartOf|the sky
allergies|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
bedroom|UsedFor|cooking
bird|IsA|natural thing
house|HasA|exterior walls
punch|IsA|noun
bedroom|CapableOf|be found in a house
stadium|UsedFor|sporting events
museum|AtLocation|indoors
town|UsedFor|children to play
farm|IsA|mode of transport
country|IsA|organization 
outside|UsedFor|throwing
snore|HasProperty|used at night mostly
outside|IsA|location
door|HasProperty|found in a house
bathroom|HasA|usually have people inside
excitement|IsA|negative emotion
buildings|HasA|roof
agreement|IsA|activity
map|CapableOf|be used for travel
movies|UsedFor|entertainment
forest|HasA|properties of any kind
salad|UsedFor|healthy eating
sun|MadeOf|energy
boredom|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
loft|IsA|building
stuff|UsedFor|eating
anger|IsA|five-letter word
driveway|HasA|sidewalks
mexico|IsA|state
jar|CapableOf|be held in your hands
toronto|HasProperty|used at night mostly
montana|IsA|planet
bathroom|HasA|a bath
roadway|CapableOf|be parked on
car|CapableOf|move location
basement|UsedFor|storing things
radio|CapableOf|make sounds
refrigerator|PartOf|food and drink
casino|IsA|type of business
house|AtLocation|at a home
action|IsA|colorful
porch|PartOf|house
mountain|PartOf|natural landscape
drawer|CapableOf|be opened
shop|HasProperty|a place you can work
barn|UsedFor|fitness
apartment|HasProperty|furniture
closet|HasProperty|removable
university|UsedFor|learning
hallway|AtLocation|at a home
sewer|HasProperty|found below ground level
freeway|AtLocation|on a map
garage|IsA|store items
nature|HasProperty|white
notes|IsA|object
confession|IsA|place of religion
city|UsedFor|expanding development
wedding|HasProperty|an event
potatoes|IsA|vegetable 
floor|UsedFor|furnishing a house
homes|IsA|type of building
cage|AtLocation|at a zoo
wallet|HasProperty|to do with currency
mexico|IsA|place you visit often
classroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
frisbee|UsedFor|throwing
homes|UsedFor|a gathering of people
desktop|HasProperty|used for learning
fun|IsA|enjoyable
computer|HasProperty|used for learning
park|HasProperty|man made
dinner|UsedFor|eating or drinking
flowers|IsA|art-related item
backpack|IsA|school supply
empathy|IsA|emotion
bedroom|IsA|room in a property
loft|IsA|private space
kitchen|UsedFor|cooking
supermarket|HasA|door
erections|IsA|physical object
pond|HasA|water
people|UsedFor|buying food
bread|PartOf|food and drink
valley|CapableOf|be walked on
detroit|IsA|place you visit
liquid|HasA|connection to food
room|IsA|place
desert|IsA|place
dishwasher|UsedFor|storage
garden|AtLocation|in united states
arboretum|HasProperty|where someone can live
home|IsA|building
cave|IsA|public place
motion|HasA|m at the beginning
town|HasProperty|made by humans
oven|MadeOf|metal
michigan|IsA|us state
backpack|AtLocation|inside a house
countryside|IsA|natural thing
ground|IsA|looks like house
student|UsedFor|reading and studying
park|HasProperty|something you can touch
nightmares|IsA|something a baby could have
clock|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
kitchen|HasProperty|for buying things
store|UsedFor|to keep items
rain|AtLocation|at america
headache|MadeOf|the human body
understanding|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
bar|CapableOf|be closed
bathroom|MadeOf|more than one room
jar|CapableOf|be found in a house
table|HasProperty|derived from wood
stretch|HasProperty|a physical activity
program|MadeOf|wood
bedroom|CapableOf|be painted
desk|PartOf|an office
theater|UsedFor|putting on a show
hospital|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
city|CapableOf|place
music|UsedFor|live performances
chicken|IsA|physical item 
hotel|UsedFor|overnight stays
woods|HasA|usually have people inside
kitchen|IsA|location or room
nails|AtLocation|in a home
table|UsedFor|furnishing a house
shock|IsA|feeling/emotion
arctic|MadeOf|sand
countryside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
mountains|HasProperty|somewhere to go
windowsill|PartOf|house
street|IsA|natural or man made
human|UsedFor|recreation activity
plants|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
airport|HasProperty|able to be entered
office|IsA|type /part of building
clothing|CapableOf|be easily carried
city|AtLocation|on map
car|UsedFor|storage
house|IsA|object
home|IsA|type /part of building
train|HasA|outdoor scenery
mansion|HasProperty|a type of home
mexico|HasA|properties of any kind
wall|MadeOf|wood
toilet|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
bedroom|HasA|bed for sleeping
refrigerators|AtLocation|in a house
wedding|IsA|place or location
snore|IsA|store items
carnival|IsA|place or location
plate|AtLocation|in a house
nature|IsA|store items
nature|HasProperty|used at night mostly
toilet|MadeOf|more than one room
bubblegum|IsA|thing you have on person
basement|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
working|HasA|ltr p
kitchen|IsA|type of room
papers|AtLocation|home
china|IsA|place where you can live
coats|IsA|item of clothing
kitchen|CapableOf|be found in a house
drugs|UsedFor|recreation activity
skyscraper|PartOf|house 
shoe|AtLocation|inside a house
stamps|IsA|piece of furniture
world|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
anger|IsA|noun
table|UsedFor|storing items
china|IsA|residential area
supermarket|UsedFor|purchasing edible items
attic|AtLocation|in united states
television|IsA|physical and movable item
drawer|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
bathroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
movies|IsA|object
laugh|IsA|sound
cupboard|AtLocation|in  a residence
empathy|IsA|something considered as positive
sweetness|IsA|emotion
bedroom|AtLocation|inside a house
fun|IsA|verb
wedding|IsA|event
roof|HasProperty|man-made
church|HasA|usually have people inside
ballpark|IsA|outdoor area
garage|AtLocation|at home
tree|IsA|place or location
kitchen|IsA|type /part of building
town|UsedFor| gathering together
birds|IsA|animal
trees|IsA|natural product or man made
canada|IsA|country or state
africa|PartOf|the continent 
bar|CapableOf|be entered
apartment|IsA|piece of furniture
concert|IsA|music related event
chair|HasProperty|used at night mostly
pantry|UsedFor|storage
regret|IsA|verb
party|CapableOf|be entered
home|HasA|roof
church|CapableOf|have people  inside
beach|HasA|first letter b
house|IsA|place to sleep
company|IsA|business
attic|IsA|room in a building
wall|AtLocation|indoors
bubblegum|CapableOf|keeping cash
trash|IsA|1 syllable word
ceiling|UsedFor|building the structure of house
maine|IsA|us state
countryside|AtLocation|outside
restaurant|UsedFor|storage
opera|UsedFor|live performances
burrow|PartOf|natural scenario
garden|UsedFor|children to play
kitchen|HasA|store edible items
rug|UsedFor|standing on
ball|HasA|first letter b
basement|IsA|room in a house
trash|CapableOf|be held in your hands
rosebush|UsedFor|preparing food
library|CapableOf|have people go inside
heaven|AtLocation|in home
bank|UsedFor|holding things
food|UsedFor|eating
ocean|IsA|somewhere animals swim
information|AtLocation|on a shelf
kitchen|AtLocation|in a building
apartment|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
restaurant|MadeOf|glass
bed|HasProperty|furniture in a house
locker|UsedFor|storage
movie|IsA|piece of furniture
morgue|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
speaker|CapableOf|plug into the wall
school|IsA|object
store|CapableOf|keeping cash
desert|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
silverware|AtLocation|in  a residence
cabinet|CapableOf|be found in a house
case|CapableOf|be held in your hands
garage|IsA|looks like house
concert|CapableOf|have people  inside
car|CapableOf|move people
microwave|IsA|part of a property
stream|IsA|1 syllable word
restaurant|HasProperty|child friendly
montana|IsA|place
yard|HasProperty|part of your  house
arboretum|AtLocation|in the united states
car|HasProperty|capable of burning you
windowsill|UsedFor|at home
pleasure|IsA|feeling
notebook|UsedFor|writing in
bar|IsA|room in a property
library|CapableOf|have a street address
box|HasProperty|man-made
synagogue|CapableOf|have people go inside
bar|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
kitchen|IsA|room in a building
table|CapableOf|be easily carried
human|MadeOf|chemicals
sun|HasProperty|hot
sink|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
plate|CapableOf|be purchased
potatoes|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
outside|IsA|animal
hunger|HasProperty|linked to food
exercise|HasProperty|a physical activity
apartment|IsA|building
potatoes|IsA|food
cabinet|UsedFor|keeping books
trash|UsedFor|storing physical things
tension|IsA|feeling or emotion
soup|IsA|food
china|HasProperty|a country
mexico|IsA|nation
headache|HasProperty|an unpleasant sensation
cabinet|UsedFor|storage
chair|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
bee|IsA|living thing
desert|IsA|type of land
continent|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
ground|UsedFor|standing on
garage|IsA|physical item 
bed|MadeOf|wood
rain|HasProperty|associated with the environment
toilet|UsedFor|washing
office|IsA|place of religion
pond|UsedFor|swimming
valley|IsA|somewhere animals swim
cupboard|MadeOf|metal
dinner|HasProperty|a meal
sun|IsA|weather
town|IsA|part of a municipality
case|UsedFor|storage
water|CapableOf|can you drink it
lemur|IsA|animal or book
control|CapableOf|make you do something
theater|IsA|event
assessment|UsedFor|announcing something
conference|HasProperty|an event
countryside|IsA|place people work and live
stamps|CapableOf|be held in your hands
trauma|IsA|negative thing
shop|CapableOf|provide a service
discomfort|IsA|n emotion
park|IsA|place or location
motel|UsedFor|over night stays 
california|IsA|country or state name
restaurant|UsedFor|serving food
concert|IsA|sound
office|UsedFor|reading books
entertaining|IsA|verb
stream|MadeOf|water
change|CapableOf|hold objects
room|CapableOf|sleeping
hospital|HasA|beds
pantry|AtLocation|in a kitchen
concert|UsedFor|live performances
garage|PartOf|house
outdoors|HasProperty|2 syllables
excitement|IsA|emotion
circus|IsA|place of religion
corner|AtLocation|in your home
bay|IsA|somewhere animals swim
kitchen|AtLocation|in  a residence
auditorium|HasA|fee to visit
satisfaction|IsA|negative emotion
pride|IsA|happy card
squirrel|IsA|animal
forest|IsA|nature-related
cabinet|MadeOf|wood
rug|AtLocation|inside a person's home
refrigerator|CapableOf| be moved
garage|CapableOf|have people living there
america|IsA|place
bathroom|HasProperty|part of your  house
antarctica|IsA|continent
books|MadeOf|paper
waterfall|HasA|water
basement|HasA|door
pantry|IsA|type of room in houses
carpet|AtLocation|on the floor
casino|CapableOf|keeping cash
container|CapableOf|store things
bathroom|AtLocation|in a house
desk|HasA|legs
neighborhood|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
office|HasA|walls
speaker|IsA|human or part of human
change|UsedFor|paying for items
bowl|HasProperty|related to eating
battle|MadeOf|by man
furniture|HasProperty|used at night mostly
house|IsA|place or location to visit
kitchen|HasProperty|a room
backyard|PartOf|house
television|HasProperty|singular
canada|AtLocation|outside
table|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
house|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
opera|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
candy|CapableOf|be eaten
countryside|CapableOf|be currently visited
restaurant|IsA|place or location
garden|CapableOf|have people  inside
sahara|IsA|geographic location
house|CapableOf|have someone inside it
pride|IsA|feeling
school|UsedFor|children to study
closet|UsedFor|reading books
pizza|AtLocation|in  a residence
suburbs|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
outside|MadeOf|natural materials
garbage|HasA|opening or door
subdivision|IsA|place where you can live
europe|IsA|place people can meet
love|IsA|n emotion
garage|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
suburb|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
sun|IsA|concept or place
laughter|UsedFor|manifesting joy
oven|UsedFor|storing edible things
airport|UsedFor|a holiday
table|IsA|piece of furniture
closet|HasA|first letter c
classroom|IsA|room
cellar|IsA|place
house|HasProperty|associated with drinking
yard|UsedFor|children to play
basement|IsA|type of room
film|IsA|piece of furniture
basement|IsA|room in a building
apartment|UsedFor|reading and studying
bar|UsedFor|storing things inside
anxiety|IsA|emotion
chicken|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
trauma|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
bird|CapableOf|fly
california|AtLocation|within the usa
leaves|IsA|stone
audience|HasProperty|alive
airport|CapableOf|rain
newspaper|UsedFor|expanding development
books|UsedFor|reading
school|HasProperty|a building structure
workplace|IsA|place where you can visit
clouds|AtLocation|in the sky
hunger|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
table|AtLocation|in  a residence
stamps|IsA|1 syllable word
stress|IsA|feeling or emotion
kitchen|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
classroom|UsedFor|viewing/reading
microwave|HasA|use electricity
bedroom|IsA|room (type)
bank|MadeOf|organic brown matter
suburb|HasA|buildings in it
books|CapableOf|be used for school
bird|IsA|1 syllable word
ocean|PartOf|natural landscape
city|IsA|man-made thing
party|IsA|list of alphabets
neighborhood|IsA|place where you can live
toilet|AtLocation|inside a house
garage|IsA|place to store items
washington|PartOf|america
book|HasProperty|singular
texas|HasA|border with an ocean
greenhouse|MadeOf|glass
meeting|MadeOf|people gathering together
injury|HasA|physical appearance
washington|PartOf|political geographical area
homes|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
school|MadeOf|by man
basement|HasA|ceiling
classroom|PartOf|admin role
refrigerator|CapableOf|be opened/closed
university|HasProperty|related to studying
office|AtLocation|in your company
effort|HasProperty|a physical activity
wedding|HasProperty|a gathering place
opera|IsA|place
wedding|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
museum|UsedFor|communication
home|IsA|room or building
driveway|CapableOf|be parked on
toilet|AtLocation|at home
food|AtLocation|in  a residence
regret|IsA|feeling
entertaining|IsA|associated to a positive experience
paper|IsA|school supply
ground|AtLocation|on the floor
airplane|CapableOf|move location
synagogue|HasA|ticket box usually
ballpark|IsA|cartoon
greenhouse|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
sea|HasA|3 letters
rug|AtLocation|inside a house
mountain|IsA|location
lamp|HasProperty|white
michigan|HasProperty|man-made
movement|CapableOf|cause injury
bathroom|PartOf|house
mountains|IsA|us state
key|CapableOf|be held in your hands
church|IsA|religious card
woods|UsedFor|storing things inside
box|IsA|1 syllable word
clock|IsA|inanimate object
newspaper|HasProperty|a publication
store|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
boxes|HasProperty|found below ground level
floor|IsA|wooden object 
supermarket|HasProperty|a gathering place
morgue|HasA|exterior walls
florida|PartOf|the south
park|HasProperty|outdoors
butterflies|CapableOf|cause pain
laughter|IsA|emotion
desktop|AtLocation|home
food|CapableOf|be consumed
utah|IsA|us state
beach|UsedFor|playing
church|UsedFor|worship
house|HasA|roof
encyclopedia|UsedFor|learning
argument|HasProperty|about negative conflict
building|CapableOf|have a street address
army|IsA|organization 
market|IsA|type /part of building
roof|IsA|natural or man made
universe|HasProperty|in or is a building
learning|IsA|associated to a positive experience
god|IsA|religious card
box|AtLocation|inside a house
table|UsedFor|learning
office|IsA|place
town|IsA|place or location
basement|PartOf|house
house|HasA|door
dog|AtLocation|inside a house
computer|UsedFor|learning
depression|IsA|negative thing
nature|IsA|natural thing
manual|IsA|necessity for education
trash|IsA|something kept a home
refrigerator|IsA|object
cage|UsedFor|holding animals
bar|IsA|public place
kitchen|IsA|place to make food
plate|UsedFor|eating
laughter|UsedFor|hobbies
suburbs|IsA|man-made thing
ocean|UsedFor|throwing
notebook|IsA|school supply
desktop|CapableOf|show you time
airport|HasProperty|a public place
books|CapableOf|be held with one hand
television|PartOf|house
hospital|IsA|building
dust|AtLocation|in a home
mountains|PartOf|natural scenario
florida|IsA|place you can visit
office|IsA|building
city|HasA|buildings in it
ranch|IsA|another name for food
apartment|HasA|usually have people inside
fleas|IsA|a animal
theater|UsedFor|live performances
change|CapableOf|be held in your hands
reflection|IsA|emotion
teacher|IsA|piece of furniture
refrigerators|UsedFor|cooling things
boat|UsedFor|transportation
backpack|AtLocation|in a home
room|MadeOf|walls and ceiling
seattle|MadeOf|sand
battle|HasProperty|outdoors
relaxation|IsA|physical state
field|IsA|place where money is kept
enemies|HasA|physical element
school|IsA|location
pencils|IsA|school supply
river|IsA|location
auditorium|CapableOf|have people physically in it
market|IsA|location or room
room|UsedFor|sleeping
bathroom|IsA|location
smiles|HasProperty|a positive emotion
street|IsA|place
montana|IsA|residential area
desktop|IsA|electronic device
vase|UsedFor|at home
money|HasProperty|to do with currency
plate|HasProperty|used at meal time
store|UsedFor|sell things
injury|IsA|emotion
motel|CapableOf|have someone inside it
drawer|IsA|store items
salad|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
satisfaction|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
farmyard|AtLocation|outside
battle|CapableOf|create physical pain
england|IsA|country or state
house|HasProperty|in or is a building
hotel|IsA|public place
spoon|AtLocation|in a house
soup|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
garage|HasProperty|found in the garden
anger|IsA|emotion
sadness|IsA|emotion
house|HasProperty|1 syllable
cage|MadeOf|trees
theater|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
restaurants|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
canada|IsA|nation
train|IsA|mode of transport
universe|MadeOf|energy
park|IsA|place people go for fun
kitchen|IsA|location
town|IsA|tourist destination
synagogue|HasProperty|religious
store|IsA|piece of furniture
book|MadeOf|paper
garage|UsedFor|car repair
chair|PartOf|house
kentucky|PartOf|america
bar|IsA|location or room
yard|HasProperty|somewhere to go
pennsylvania|HasA|city inside
opera|IsA|event
sleep|IsA|store items
aggression|IsA|feeling or emotion
church|IsA|place you visit
bedroom|IsA|place to sleep
peanuts|HasA|connection to food
backyard|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
valley|IsA|part of a municipality
concert|IsA| event
plants|HasA|green plant
ceiling|IsA|specific part of a structure
farmyard|PartOf|a house/home
basement|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
leaves|PartOf|nature
plane|UsedFor|flying
classroom|UsedFor| gathering together
skate|IsA|action
home|IsA|animal
nest|PartOf|physical structure
bay|AtLocation|inland
library|CapableOf|provide a service
teaching|HasA|ltr p
controversy|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
cage|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
refrigerator|HasProperty|used for meals
cat|IsA|informal term for youth
dance|IsA|action
california|IsA|place people live
pizza|HasProperty|edible
cinema|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
onions|IsA|type of food
jail|IsA|1 syllable  word
bridge|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
disneyland|IsA|geographic location
canada|HasProperty|a country
dishwasher|AtLocation|inside a house
tropics|IsA|big space
restaurant|UsedFor|a gathering of people
meeting|HasA|letter e in it
smiles|IsA|enjoyable
bay|HasA|3 letters
show|UsedFor|recreation activity
carnival|UsedFor|travel
candle|HasProperty|white
store|CapableOf|have a street address
tennessee|IsA|us state
plants|AtLocation|outside
park|IsA|place
heaven|IsA|animal
store|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
bathroom|HasProperty|mainly used for sleeping
park|CapableOf|be part of a house
water|IsA|physical item 
floor|HasProperty|used at night mostly
desert|IsA|big space
refrigerator|UsedFor|storing food
university|HasProperty|something you can touch
case|IsA|piece of furniture
ranch|UsedFor|food
attic|IsA|room
couch|PartOf|house 
office|HasProperty|a type of building
concert|UsedFor|recreation activity
florida|IsA|proper noun
boat|IsA|place or location
table|CapableOf|be held with one hand
army|CapableOf|make you do something
soup|UsedFor|eating or drinking
school|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
restaurants|CapableOf|be entered
ballpark|HasProperty|related to children
like|UsedFor|hobbies
town|UsedFor|living inside of
joy|IsA|mental state
library|IsA|room or building
supermarket|IsA|location
closet|HasProperty|a beverage
freeway|UsedFor|car travel
hallway|IsA|room in a property
ocean|IsA|place of religion
countryside|IsA|place where you can live
cup|UsedFor|serving dinner
oven|AtLocation|in  a residence
airplane|UsedFor|eating
sky|IsA|1 syllable word
paper|UsedFor|reading
cupboard|CapableOf|slide open
restaurant|HasProperty|a building structure
anger|IsA|feeling or emotion
attic|IsA|piece of furniture
seattle|IsA|brand
home|HasProperty|where someone can live
bar|HasProperty|associated with drinking
enemies|HasProperty|about negative conflict
information|HasProperty|singular
cabinet|IsA|piece of furniture
colorado|MadeOf|metal
trash|CapableOf|cooking
supermarket|IsA|type of business
crying|IsA|emotion
ceiling|CapableOf|be painted
city|IsA|location
pen|IsA|school supply
plate|HasProperty|used for meals
building|AtLocation|outside
plants|UsedFor|at home
desk|UsedFor|furnishing a house
montana|PartOf|america
dog|HasA|animal
washington|IsA|border state
river|HasA|salty water
fly|IsA|activity 
garage|CapableOf|make a sound
pain|IsA|emotion
laughter|IsA|reaction
attic|HasProperty|used at night mostly
montana|PartOf|political geographical area
television|AtLocation|inside
mexico|IsA|country
creek|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
switzerland|HasA|city inside
burrow|IsA|home
garage|CapableOf|have someone inside it
pocket|UsedFor|carrying things
market|HasProperty|for buying things
garage|UsedFor|storing cars 
farm|IsA|something you can own
entertaining|IsA|something considered as positive
castle|CapableOf|be lived in
bedroom|PartOf|house
himalayas|IsA|location
bay|IsA|small body of water
cat|IsA|store items
building|CapableOf|have people living there
bed|AtLocation|inside a house
air|MadeOf|natural materials
countryside|HasA|outdoor scenery
library|IsA|location
rug|PartOf|house
tent|UsedFor|camping
grass|IsA|living/once living
house|CapableOf|be entered
happiness|IsA|emotion
factory|CapableOf|be made with bricks
countryside|HasProperty|a location
california|IsA|us state
library|IsA|place for reading
stove|CapableOf|cook things
college|IsA|place of formal education
desk|IsA|inanimate object
shoes|IsA|something you can own
injury|CapableOf|cause pain
container|CapableOf|be found in a house
garden|MadeOf|glass
pennsylvania|HasProperty|a country
bedroom|HasA|usually have people inside
grape|IsA|object
cut|CapableOf|cause pain
papers|HasProperty|derived from wood
mouse|HasProperty|found below ground level
kitchen|UsedFor|storing edible things
drawer|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
classroom|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
indiana|IsA|place
communication|IsA|negative feeling
cave|CapableOf|be found naturally underground
movie|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
table|HasA|doors
apartment|HasProperty|where someone can live
fun|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
bridge|CapableOf|be drived on with car
communication|IsA|activity
grass|HasProperty|green
jar|HasA|connection to food
shop|IsA|1 syllable  word
seattle|IsA|type of place
bubblegum|CapableOf|hold objects
revelations|UsedFor|learning new knowledge
allergies|CapableOf|happiness
pocket|IsA|piece of furniture
jar|IsA|object
entertaining|IsA|enjoyable
television|AtLocation|in the living room
apartment|IsA|place where people live
oklahoma|IsA|state in uk
food|HasProperty|edible
roof|PartOf|building a house
shelf|MadeOf|a natural material
car|CapableOf|be worn
desktop|IsA|device used for working
house|IsA|type of building
talk|UsedFor|communicating
kitchen|AtLocation|in a home
change|CapableOf|keeping cash
smiles|UsedFor|hobbies
people|PartOf|an office
encyclopedia|IsA|animal or book
attic|PartOf|house
mexico|IsA|place
company|HasA|use electricity
shelf|UsedFor|storage
valley|HasProperty|2 syllables
cabinet|HasProperty|found below ground level
hallway|HasProperty|a room
restaurants|UsedFor|eating or drinking
pantry|UsedFor|food
universe|UsedFor|entertainment
table|AtLocation|in a home
kitchen|UsedFor|food
microwave|AtLocation|in a kitchen
communication|IsA|emotion
anger|HasA|ltr p
table|IsA|necessity for education
disneyland|IsA|vacation destination
government|CapableOf|make you do something
outdoors|AtLocation|outside
understanding|HasProperty|(usually) between/towards people
closet|HasProperty|used for storage
regret|IsA|mental state
library|HasProperty|used for learning
kentucky|PartOf|political geographical area
cupboard|AtLocation|inside a house
church|IsA|type of room
bedroom|AtLocation|in  a residence
cafe|IsA|drink
heaven|IsA|place where money is kept
purse|CapableOf|be held in your hands
ground|AtLocation|outside
house|IsA|building
oven|CapableOf|be found in a house
house|IsA|place you could sleep in
jail|UsedFor|sleeping
problems|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
shelf|IsA|inanimate object
floor|IsA|store items
mansion|IsA|type of building
carpet|PartOf|the interior of a building
park|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
sink|PartOf|kitchen
cupboard|CapableOf|be opened/closed
pocket|CapableOf|be used virtually 
school|IsA|job
pot|HasA|connection to food
desktop|AtLocation|in  a residence
lumberyard|IsA|place or location
happiness|IsA|something considered as positive
trees|PartOf|nature
punishment|CapableOf|cause physical harm
magazines|IsA|physical item 
toilet|AtLocation|in bathroom
airport|IsA|room or building
nature|HasProperty|2 syllables
table|IsA|something kept at home
microwave|UsedFor|cooking food
cupboard|CapableOf|be found in a house
chair|IsA|item of furniture
florida|AtLocation|within the usa
pain|IsA|negative feeling
funeral|IsA|event
outdoors|IsA|place or location
sugar|HasProperty|found below ground level
canada|AtLocation|in north america
garage|IsA|place
television|IsA|part media
space|HasProperty|related to planets
shelf|HasProperty|furniture
anger|IsA|negative feeling or expression
highway|CapableOf|be drived on with car
ontario|PartOf|political geographical area
underground|IsA|home
weather|AtLocation|at america
australia|IsA|place
motel|IsA|something you can own
stove|AtLocation|in a house
forest|MadeOf|trees
shoe|HasProperty|something you can carry
church|IsA|place to pray
hospital|HasA|bed for sleeping
suburb|IsA|place where you can live
outdoors|IsA|natural thing
boat|IsA|physical item 
person|PartOf|the human body
attic|UsedFor|storage
suburbs|HasProperty|a location
pride|IsA|colorful
greenhouse|IsA|building
store|UsedFor|purchasing edible items
university|IsA|location
forest|IsA|geographic location
basement|IsA|place
desktop|UsedFor|fun
bedroom|IsA|animal
drawer|CapableOf|be easily carried
apartment|HasProperty|able to be entered
roof|PartOf|physical structure
dancing|IsA|physical emotion
backyard|IsA|part of a property
stream|IsA|natural thing
table|HasA|legs
pen|UsedFor|writing
workplace|IsA|place
poet|UsedFor|creating poems
paper|UsedFor|writing in
circus|HasA|ticket box usually
river|IsA|somewhere animals swim
hotel|UsedFor|over night stays 
building|IsA|place for animals
ground|HasProperty|found in a home
homes|PartOf|house 
shelf|HasProperty|a beverage
listening|IsA|something considered as positive
woods|HasProperty|a 1 syllable word
building|HasProperty|a type of property
school|CapableOf|have someone inside it
classroom|IsA|specific part of a structure
sweat|IsA|physical object
shelf|UsedFor|storage 
home|IsA|part of a house
suffering|IsA|negative feeling
beach|IsA|vacation destination
bank|HasA|feet to stand 
yard|CapableOf|be part of a house
bay|IsA|place that humans can swim
silverware|MadeOf|metal
oven|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
soup|IsA|physical item 
concert|CapableOf|have people physically in it
birds|CapableOf|move freely
sadness|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
store|IsA|place you can visit
food|CapableOf|cause pain
library|CapableOf|contain multiple people
class|IsA|gathering of people
restaurant|IsA|room
bedroom|IsA|room
shelf|HasProperty|removable
church|IsA|place people can meet
bedroom|UsedFor|sleeping on
basement|CapableOf|have someone inside it
ocean|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
vase|CapableOf|be held with one hand
sun|IsA|object/thing
picture|HasA|multiple definitions
closet|UsedFor|storage
garage|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
embarrassment|IsA|negative thing
arkansas|HasA|start with a
box|CapableOf|be held in your hands
loft|AtLocation|inside a person's home
television|UsedFor|broadcasting visual images
india|IsA|proper noun
condiments|HasProperty|used for meals
house|HasProperty|a building
erections|PartOf|human body
factory|IsA|place
sea|IsA|place that humans can swim
ocean|MadeOf|water
egypt|IsA|location
television|IsA|thing you can touch
love|IsA|emotion
car|UsedFor|transportation
food|HasProperty|used for meals
safe|PartOf|the human body
hole|IsA|animal
cabinet|AtLocation|inside a house
excitement|HasProperty|a positive emotion
idaho|IsA|place you can visit
building|HasA|a bath
street|IsA|part of a municipality
drugs|MadeOf|chemicals
bar|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
desk|HasProperty|1 syllable
enjoyment|UsedFor|hobbies
russia|IsA|animal
crying|IsA|negative thing
refrigerators|UsedFor|keeping things cool
chocolate|CapableOf|be eaten
stress|IsA|negative emotion
television|CapableOf|plug into the wall
lemur|AtLocation|in home
entertainment|HasProperty|an action
countryside|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
chair|HasProperty|easily movable
desk|UsedFor|storage of physical items
desktop|UsedFor|storage
unemployment|UsedFor|entertainment
supermarket|CapableOf|keeping cash
rug|PartOf|the interior of a building
pocket|CapableOf|be worn
porch|IsA|object
sahara|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
factory|CapableOf|have people living there
jail|IsA|place
room|CapableOf|sleep on it
forest|IsA|place
den|HasA|ceiling
closet|PartOf|house
television|HasProperty|used at night mostly
apartment|IsA|place people live
homes|UsedFor|children to study
music|CapableOf|be performed
outdoors|IsA|nature-related
roof|IsA|specific part of a structure
wedding|UsedFor| gathering together
market|HasProperty|a public place
carpet|AtLocation|in a home
disneyland|IsA|  place
aquarium|IsA|somewhere animals swim
cooking|MadeOf|fiber
office|UsedFor|writing
wisconsin|HasProperty|human made
clothing|IsA|physical item 
injuries|IsA|physical outcome
plate|IsA|something you eat off
garage|HasProperty|used for storing cars
cabinet|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
bathroom|HasProperty|a room
motel|HasProperty|a place you can work
wallet|UsedFor|paying for items
television|AtLocation|indoors
airport|AtLocation|above the ground
ocean|IsA|building
panic|IsA|five-letter word
junk|IsA|store items
soup|IsA|sweet or savory
microwave|CapableOf|plug into the wall
demonstration|UsedFor|announcing something
museum|PartOf|building
church|MadeOf|glass
kitchen|HasProperty|used for meals
garden|IsA|place people work and live
telephone|UsedFor|communication
maine|IsA|state that starts with m
carnival|HasA|connection to food
cabinet|AtLocation|in a building
attic|HasProperty|found in the house
room|IsA|building
montana|IsA|place or location
table|HasProperty|found in a house
briefcase|UsedFor|carrying things
bedroom|IsA|room in a building
river|AtLocation|inland
supermarket|PartOf|food and drink
suffering|IsA|emotion
refrigerator|AtLocation|indoors
confusion|IsA|negative feeling or expression
table|IsA|room
cabinet|IsA|object
house|IsA|residential area
person|AtLocation|at a house
sink|MadeOf|metal
tears|IsA|noun
blood|IsA|type of fluid
utensils|HasProperty|an object
library|UsedFor|studying
work|AtLocation|indoors
town|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
bathroom|HasA|roof
warehouse|AtLocation|in united states
machine|UsedFor|fitness
bank|IsA|place
apartment|IsA|room
refrigerator|UsedFor|cooling things
death|IsA|physical outcome
couch|UsedFor|sleeping on
warehouse|IsA|structure or building
paint|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
ocean|MadeOf|natural materials
bridge|CapableOf|be walked on
love|HasProperty|an emotion
toilet|IsA|man made
oklahoma|AtLocation|at south united states
hallway|HasA|usually have people inside
furniture|IsA|store items
woods|IsA|1 syllable word
plate|CapableOf|be held in your hands
library|CapableOf|have people physically in it
sun|IsA|place
cabinet|AtLocation|indoors
college|IsA|building
hospital|UsedFor|reading books
restaurant|IsA|place people work and live
closet|UsedFor|to keep items
papers|AtLocation|in bathroom
beach|PartOf|natural landscape
bird|HasA|animal
snow|IsA|n animal
restaurant|CapableOf|be opened/closed
happiness|IsA|feeling or emotion
trees|IsA|natural or man made
box|UsedFor|containing objects
stove|CapableOf|be found in a house
pantry|HasA|store edible items
house|UsedFor|storage
encyclopedia|CapableOf|be used virtually 
manual|AtLocation|on a shelf
school|IsA|another word for show
control|IsA|concept or place
notebook|UsedFor|writing
apartment|AtLocation|on the map
glass|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
backpack|CapableOf|be used for school
marmoset|HasProperty|found above ground
california|HasA|even number of letter
telephone|IsA|n electronic device
pocket|CapableOf|be held in your hands
park|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
flowers|IsA|something kept at home
china|IsA|big space
school|HasProperty|in or is a building
refrigerator|IsA|looks like house
california|AtLocation|in the united states
embarrassment|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
asia|PartOf|the continent 
television|AtLocation|on a shelf
fun|HasA|positive connotation
cabinet|IsA|room (type)
container|HasProperty|found below ground level
trouble|PartOf|house
coats|HasProperty|item of clothing
discovery|UsedFor|driving
human|MadeOf|by man
thinking|UsedFor|seeking an answer
street|CapableOf|be parked on
panic|IsA|negative feeling or expression
jellyfish|CapableOf|be alive
cat|MadeOf|living parts
container|UsedFor|carrying things
store|HasA|ceiling
backpack|CapableOf|be held in your hands
atlas|UsedFor|reading
basement|IsA|room (type)
australia|IsA|animal
sea|HasProperty|hot
bathroom|UsedFor|cooking
books|IsA|necessity for education
drugstore|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
television|UsedFor|news
magazines|UsedFor|reading
backyard|IsA|garden
performing|IsA|emotion
cinema|HasProperty|a gathering place
australia|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
theater|HasProperty|a gathering place
house|HasProperty|a building to live in
refrigerator|HasProperty|found in the garden
car|HasA|four wheels
canada|HasA|city inside
aquarium|IsA|man made
california|IsA|place where people live
ficus|IsA|place where people live
university|AtLocation|in a building
building|UsedFor|reading books
desktop|HasA|use electricity
trunk|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
university|UsedFor|a place for knowledge
movie|AtLocation|in a building
shelf|IsA|art-related item
book|CapableOf| be held in your hand
class|UsedFor|learning
pocket|CapableOf|hold objects
ground|AtLocation|inside a home
basement|AtLocation|at a home
house|CapableOf|have a street address
ballpark|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
home|HasProperty|able to be entered
cabinet|HasProperty|sold in stores
ocean|IsA|partially enclosed by land
theater|IsA|place to be entertained
school|IsA|place of learning
class|AtLocation|in a building
wall|HasProperty|found in a house
pain|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
home|PartOf|house 
summer|HasProperty|hot
town|IsA|place people work and live
street|IsA|bodypart
desk|IsA|large item of furniture
clothes|HasProperty|an object
bottle|MadeOf|metal
enjoyment|IsA|something considered as positive
playground|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
america|PartOf|the continent 
closet|IsA|structure or building
room|IsA|private space
classroom|IsA|place people can visit
driveway|UsedFor|transportation
ground|AtLocation|in the united states
street|HasA|people living on
creek|MadeOf|trees
table|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
road|UsedFor|driving on or over
shelf|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
peanuts|IsA|cartoon
garden|IsA|place
trees|IsA|n animal
america|AtLocation|labeled on a map
india|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
people|HasProperty|alive
leaves|AtLocation|outside
building|IsA|place or location
freeway|IsA|public place
kitchen|AtLocation|indoors
garbage|IsA|store items
windowsill|AtLocation|in a home
injuries|HasProperty|about  clashes
pocket|IsA|necessity for education
city|CapableOf|be walked on
airport|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
stretch|CapableOf|cause injury
street|AtLocation|on a map
bridge|UsedFor|driving on or over
yard|CapableOf|be man made
bank|HasProperty|mainly used for sleeping
fulfillment|IsA|something considered as positive
restaurant|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
wilderness|IsA|place or location to visit
street|HasA|buildings in it
remembering|HasProperty|typically positive
drawer|IsA|1 syllable word
australia|IsA|proper noun
backpack|IsA|object
body|HasProperty|part of a human
church|UsedFor|learning
museum|MadeOf|wood
wall|IsA|place to store items
voice|AtLocation|on/in the human body
town|IsA|place
prison|IsA|place
seattle|IsA|type of land
plate|CapableOf|be found in a house
cabinet|UsedFor|storage of physical items
mexico|MadeOf|by man
home|CapableOf|be slept in
airport|CapableOf|fly
airport|AtLocation|mostly inside
nature|MadeOf|living parts
garden|CapableOf|be man made
desert|IsA|natural thing
burrow|AtLocation|below
wedding|UsedFor|overnight stays
passageway|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
table|CapableOf|be found in a house
jar|IsA|piece of furniture
barn|IsA|place for animals
restaurant|IsA|building
cupboard|HasProperty|made of wood
supermarket|IsA|public place
bed|PartOf|house
crying|IsA|something a baby could have
hotel|HasA|front desk
basement|IsA|place or location
valley|MadeOf|trees
universe|IsA|place
fire|HasProperty|capable of burning you
crying|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
refrigerator|UsedFor|eating or drinking
pencils|UsedFor|writing
cage|IsA|place where money is kept
desktop|AtLocation|library
fight|HasA|physical element
condiments|IsA|type of food
restaurant|AtLocation|outside
table|HasProperty|made of wood
container|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
neighborhood|HasA|buildings in it
washington|IsA|location
refrigerator|AtLocation|in a house
chair|IsA|place or location
punch|MadeOf|one syllable
maze|IsA|public place
store|PartOf|physical structure
garage|HasProperty|where someone can live
shock|IsA|something a baby could have
church|IsA|place where you can visit
classroom|IsA|necessity for education
bathroom|HasProperty|somewhere to go
pride|IsA|feeling 
world|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
boat|HasProperty|human made
funeral|IsA|ceremony
freeway|IsA|man-made thing
joy|IsA|feeling
demonstration|CapableOf|make a sound
dinner|UsedFor|eating
office|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
work|HasA|use electricity
dancing|IsA|activity
seattle|PartOf|city
cafe|HasProperty|something you can touch
jail|IsA|place you visit
kitchens|IsA|type of room in houses
loft|IsA|specific part of a structure
bridge|IsA|man made
sloth|AtLocation|at a zoo
pantry|AtLocation|in a house
warehouse|CapableOf|have people living there
loft|IsA|room in a home
refrigerators|CapableOf|be found in a house
lamp|UsedFor|reading books
school|HasA|usually have people inside
table|UsedFor|serving dinner
encyclopedia|UsedFor|viewing/reading
kitchen|IsA|place or location to visit
computer|IsA|n electronic device
church|IsA|building
country|AtLocation|on map
bathroom|UsedFor|urination
skin|HasProperty|part of a human
refrigerator|IsA|place to store items
opera|MadeOf|wood
internet|UsedFor|reading
dishes|IsA|object
hotel|IsA|place
closet|UsedFor|storing physical things
outdoors|HasA|properties of any kind
people|IsA|looks like paypal 
band|IsA|job
smiles|HasProperty|an emotion
suburb|IsA|part of a municipality
trash|HasProperty|found in the garden
classroom|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
lamp|IsA|physical and movable item
wedding|IsA|place
drawer|UsedFor|keeping things inside
plate|UsedFor|dinner
clothing|HasProperty|an object
trees|IsA|nature-related
smiles|IsA|verb
car|CapableOf|be entered
fulfillment|IsA|emotion
house|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
library|IsA|room
workplace|IsA|place where people work
house|UsedFor|sleeping
speaker|IsA|inanimate object
jar|UsedFor|carrying things
garage|HasProperty|a type of property
tears|MadeOf|one syllable
desert|HasProperty|associated with the environment
antarctica|IsA|animal
punch|CapableOf|make you sad
school|UsedFor|formal learning
wallet|UsedFor|storage
canada|PartOf|political geographical area
school|IsA|place
shelf|AtLocation|in the home or  office
valley|HasA|earth
box|UsedFor|storage
arizona|IsA|state
mountains|IsA|n animal
park|HasProperty|1 syllable
manual|HasProperty|a publication
problems|IsA|negative thing
ground|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
hotel|HasA|usually have people inside
cabinet|HasA|door
gymnasium|UsedFor|sport
plate|UsedFor|eating food off
vacuum|AtLocation|in a cupboard
rug|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
restaurant|IsA|place people can meet
classroom|UsedFor|reading
notebook|UsedFor|reading
computer|CapableOf|plug into the wall
dictionary|IsA|necessity for education
chair|UsedFor|sitting on
michigan|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
museum|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
home|AtLocation|in the united states
mess|HasProperty|a type of building
toilet|CapableOf|opened or closed
continent|HasA|earth
pantry|UsedFor|keeping things cool
motel|IsA|building
attic|IsA|structure or building
satisfaction|IsA|mental state
shock|IsA|negative thing
building|IsA|place people work and live
road|UsedFor|travel
bicycle|IsA|mode of transportation
trunk|UsedFor|storing physical things
burrow|IsA|activity 
office|AtLocation|indoors
sugar|UsedFor|cooking
jar|UsedFor|storage
earth|IsA|planet
table|UsedFor|holding things
cat|HasProperty|used at night mostly
drawer|AtLocation|home
town|AtLocation|on a map
museum|HasA|walls
heart|IsA|happy card
restaurants|IsA|public place
cabinet|IsA|necessity for education
attic|AtLocation|indoors
paper|HasProperty|sold in stores
restaurant|AtLocation|in a building
encyclopedia|UsedFor|studying
mountains|IsA|place
desert|AtLocation|at america
kitchens|PartOf|business
information|MadeOf|technology
hallway|AtLocation|indoors
demonstration|CapableOf|be attended
passageway|IsA|public place
jar|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
embarrassment|IsA|negative feeling
computer|UsedFor|reading and studying
bridge|HasProperty|human made
garden|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
florida|IsA|us state
school|UsedFor|a gathering of people
mountains|HasA|multiple definitions
kitchen|IsA|type of room in houses
alcohol|PartOf|food and drink
trauma|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
restaurant|AtLocation|at a famous university
countryside|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
kitchen|CapableOf|be currently visited
wedding|IsA|location
bar|IsA|type of building
underground|AtLocation|below
dust|CapableOf|cause harm if inhaled
apartment|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
forest|HasProperty|found on multiple continents
closet|UsedFor|storing things
market|HasProperty|able to be entered
australia|IsA|country
forest|IsA|place people work and live
desk|UsedFor|viewing/reading
movie|IsA|form of entertainment
mexico|IsA|place people work and live
food|AtLocation|in a house
moss|IsA|living/once living
field|IsA|place
jar|UsedFor|containing objects
closet|HasA|doors
assessment|PartOf|body
jail|CapableOf|be entered
table|UsedFor|furniture
kennel|UsedFor|transport
pride|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
dishwasher|HasProperty|furniture
garden|IsA|small area
house|HasProperty|a type of building
jail|UsedFor|criminals
garage|HasA|exterior walls
village|HasA|outdoor scenery
maine|IsA|country or state
clothing|UsedFor|wearing
market|IsA|type of shop
cinema|UsedFor| gathering together
spoon|UsedFor|serving
suffering|CapableOf|make you sad
television|UsedFor|storing things inside
salad|IsA|food
sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
happiness|IsA|verb
television|AtLocation|inside a home
building|CapableOf|be made with bricks
country|HasProperty|human made
hotel|IsA|business
fleas|HasA|animal
ground|AtLocation|in your home
wilderness|HasProperty|wooded
desktop|CapableOf|be found in a house
vase|IsA|art-related item
desk|IsA|furniture
bedroom|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
carnival|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
opera|IsA|location
bedroom|AtLocation|indoors
lightning|CapableOf|cause pain
dentist|CapableOf|provide a service
house|UsedFor|to keep items
house|HasProperty|removable
arizona|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
alabama|HasA|start with a
conference|CapableOf|be attended
table|IsA|place to store items
newspaper|MadeOf|paper
knowledge|HasProperty|related to studying
cellar|IsA|room in a home
montana|IsA|place where you can live
money|CapableOf|keeping cash
mountains|HasProperty|cold
supermarket|CapableOf|be entered
china|IsA|location
glass|IsA|object
town|IsA|place you visit often
kitchen|HasProperty|somewhere you can be employed
classroom|UsedFor|reading and studying
floor|IsA|physical item 
bed|IsA|physical item 
desert|IsA|very dry arid land
dinner|HasProperty|removable
party|HasA|usually have people inside
museum|UsedFor|children to study
jail|HasProperty|associated with drinking
tears|CapableOf|make you sad
restaurant|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
attic|MadeOf|wood
hospital|HasProperty|a property 
shelf|AtLocation|in  a residence
wallet|IsA|piece of furniture
theater|UsedFor| gathering together
convention|HasProperty|an event
muscles|AtLocation|on the body
dictionary|CapableOf|be held with one hand
cellar|HasProperty|a room in a building
bar|IsA|building
city|HasProperty|human made
jar|UsedFor|storage 
street|HasProperty|man made
plants|MadeOf|natural materials
disneyland|IsA|brand
shoes|AtLocation|inside a house
closet|UsedFor|storing things in
michigan|IsA|state that starts with m
school|IsA|public building
porch|AtLocation|in a house
hotel|CapableOf|have a street address
pantry|CapableOf|store things
garden|HasProperty|man made
humiliation|IsA|emotion
lamp|MadeOf|glass
apartment|HasProperty|a collection of flats
museum|CapableOf|have people go inside
internet|MadeOf|technology
dust|AtLocation|in your home
pool|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
mansion|HasProperty|a type of building
drawer|IsA|furniture
lamp|HasProperty|1 syllable
carpet|UsedFor|furnishing a house
coats|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
ballpark|IsA|place or location
house|UsedFor|sport
highway|AtLocation|on a map
floor|UsedFor|standing on
beach|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
sun|HasProperty|capable of burning you
chair|IsA|n item of furniture
russia|IsA|place where money is kept
potatoes|IsA|sweet or savory
utah|HasProperty|bordering with nevada
playground|IsA|place people work and live
driveway|HasProperty|a location
demonstration|HasProperty|a public place
creek|IsA|natural thing
rock|AtLocation|outside
house|UsedFor|housing
bar|HasA|usually have people inside
hotel|HasA|bed for sleeping
kitchen|HasProperty|in or is a building
condiments|CapableOf|be found in a house
airplane|CapableOf|fly
city|HasProperty|a location
performing|CapableOf|cause pain
warehouse|UsedFor|storage
supermarket|IsA|place or location
mouth|IsA|part of the body
car|IsA|physical item 
injuries|HasA|physical element
manual|IsA|thing you can touch
bowl|AtLocation|inside a house
backpack|CapableOf|be used for travel
bedroom|IsA|place
school|PartOf|building
seattle|IsA|geographic location
chairs|UsedFor|furnishing a house
desk|UsedFor|sitting on
pain|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
space|HasA|to do with planets
like|HasProperty|an emotion
information|HasProperty|related to studying
forest|AtLocation|at america
earth|IsA|place
conference|UsedFor|announcing something
entertainment|IsA|mode of transport
garden|HasA|properties of any kind
town|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
yard|HasProperty|man made
death|PartOf|the human body
roadway|UsedFor|transportation
game|AtLocation|in a building
church|AtLocation|in a building
barn|UsedFor|storing things inside
beach|IsA|nature-related
bowl|AtLocation|in a house
town|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
louisiana|IsA|us state
pain|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
montana|IsA|border state
body|UsedFor|buying food
warehouse|IsA|place
beach|IsA|place people work and live
building|AtLocation|in united states
demonstration|HasProperty|able to be entered
cabinet|HasA|doors
street|MadeOf|asphalt
computer|AtLocation|in your company
food|HasA|physical appearance
stamps|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
answer|IsA|reply to a question
texas|PartOf|the south
apartment|IsA|home
hotel|UsedFor|sleeping in
bottle|MadeOf|glass or metal
roof|PartOf|house
hotel|IsA|place you could sleep in
talk|IsA|form of communication
mansion|UsedFor|living inside of
fox|HasA|start with a
sleep|PartOf|house
classroom|CapableOf|contain multiple people
office|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
airport|IsA|public place
drawer|CapableOf|opened or closed
dancing|IsA|verb
antarctica|IsA|place to store items
kitchen|IsA|room
portfolio|UsedFor|reading
cellar|IsA|structure or building
ocean|AtLocation|with water
hallway|IsA|room in a house
factory|IsA|type of building
chair|IsA|piece of furniture
russia|IsA|place
dust|MadeOf|wood
store|UsedFor|driving 
fun|IsA|form of communication
warehouse|UsedFor|storing physical things
factory|AtLocation|in united states
cupboard|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
car|IsA|mode of transportation
cupboard|MadeOf|wood
garden|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
school|UsedFor|learning
agreement|IsA|verb
house|IsA|man made
canada|PartOf|north america
groceries|HasA|door
case|IsA|1 syllable word
vase|UsedFor|storing items
desires|IsA|feeling
toilet|UsedFor|storing things inside
ceiling|PartOf|vehicle
ground|CapableOf|can you stand on yours
house|UsedFor|studying in
portfolio|HasProperty|sold in stores
wilderness|IsA|place
dog|IsA|a animal
magazine|CapableOf| be held in your hand
library|IsA|a place to read books
excitement|IsA|mental state
florida|IsA|place to be entertained
desktop|AtLocation|inside someone's home
bathroom|AtLocation|in a building
playground|UsedFor|children's play
china|HasA|buildings in it
knowledge|HasProperty|typically positive
conference|IsA|place people can visit
confession|UsedFor|referring to humans
montana|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
magazines|UsedFor|reading 
house|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
disneyland|IsA|popular attraction
table|AtLocation|indoors
apartment|UsedFor|storage
park|CapableOf|have people physically in it
garden|UsedFor|generating products or plants
encyclopedia|CapableOf|be read
apartment|HasProperty|a type of building
city|CapableOf|have people physically in it
human|HasA|fish in it
restaurant|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
convention|UsedFor|learning
pantry|CapableOf|be found in a house
creek|MadeOf|water
bed|IsA|place or location
church|HasA|a bath
river|HasA|water
hallway|AtLocation|in your company
garage|IsA|room
meeting|IsA|gathering of people
skin|MadeOf|the human body
bedroom|HasProperty|mainly used for sleeping
party|UsedFor|fun
valley|AtLocation|inland
wall|PartOf|building a house
apartment|UsedFor| gathering together
corner|AtLocation|inside someone's home
florida|IsA|part of the south
yard|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
sweat|HasA|physical element
suburb|HasProperty|a location
manual|CapableOf|be held with one hand
building|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
money|IsA|thing you have on person
switzerland|HasProperty|located in europe
country|IsA|concept or place
casino|IsA|place to be entertained
internet|UsedFor|news
restaurant|HasA|person stood at the front
relaxation|IsA|mental state
street|CapableOf|keeping cash
moss|HasProperty|green
prison|IsA|man-made thing
bank|IsA|animal
sweetness|IsA|noun
lumberyard|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
museum|IsA|place of learning
bed|HasProperty|found in a house
shelf|MadeOf|wood
tent|IsA|place
apartment|IsA|type of building
africa|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
dirt|MadeOf|organic brown matter
room|AtLocation|at a home
table|AtLocation|inside a house
morgue|PartOf|the human body
africa|IsA|continent
home|IsA|place people live
hotel|HasA|fee to visit
forest|CapableOf|be part of a house
garage|MadeOf|wood
park|IsA|place people work and live
palace|UsedFor|sport
desktop|MadeOf|wood
container|HasA|connection to food
enjoyment|HasProperty|an emotion
ground|HasProperty|known as dirty
sloth|IsA|animal or book
buildings|UsedFor| gathering together
porch|IsA|1 syllable  word
hospital|IsA|building 
fight|HasProperty|about  clashes
bar|UsedFor|fun
reflection|HasA|physical appearance
restaurant|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
pocket|CapableOf|be held with one hand
supermarket|UsedFor|buying food
ground|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
pride|CapableOf|cause pain
disneyland|IsA|place or location
corner|AtLocation|in a home
jail|IsA|place where you can visit
bathtub|HasProperty|found in a house
home|CapableOf|be lived in
dancing|IsA|associated to a positive experience
hallway|AtLocation|in a building
shed|IsA|structure or building
kitchen|PartOf|business
sweat|IsA|physical outcome
backpack|HasProperty|something you can carry
key|CapableOf|hold objects
depression|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
office|AtLocation|in the living room
countryside|IsA|place or location to visit
excitement|IsA|verb
florida|CapableOf|keeping cash
party|HasProperty|associated with drinking
box|UsedFor|learning
hole|AtLocation|in home
lasagna|UsedFor|dinner
inspiration|HasA|positive connotation
sahara|AtLocation|in africa
mouth|UsedFor|announcing something
park|CapableOf|be man made
army|IsA|concept or place
roof|IsA|place to store items
ontario|IsA|province instead of country
crying|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
internet|HasA|letter e in it
school|AtLocation|on the map
electricity|UsedFor|powering other things
tropics|IsA|location
air|IsA|brand
park|HasA|properties of any kind
satisfaction|HasA|ltr p
apartment|HasA|roof
manual|CapableOf|be used virtually 
town|IsA|place where you can live
university|IsA|place you can visit
beach|HasA|properties of any kind
library|HasProperty|a public place
container|UsedFor|storing physical things
trash|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
house|CapableOf|be lived in
soup|AtLocation|in a home
storage|CapableOf|be made with bricks
desk|MadeOf|a natural material
table|IsA|physical item 
apartment|HasProperty|a building structure
lamp|UsedFor|lighting up a room
books|CapableOf|be read
garage|UsedFor|parking cars
synagogue|IsA|place of learning
game|IsA|place people can meet
store|IsA|type of shop
montana|IsA|state
museum|UsedFor|education
oven|UsedFor|washing or cooking
basement|IsA|room
table|IsA|another word for show
boredom|CapableOf|happiness
money|HasProperty|typically positive
roof|CapableOf|be found in a house
ocean|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
park|IsA|place you can visit
synagogue|HasA|walls
television|HasProperty|known as dirty
ground|HasProperty|a state in the usa
hairbrush|CapableOf|move location
doctor|IsA|job
tennessee|IsA|animal
ocean|AtLocation|used for boats and ships
bridge|UsedFor|link between places
garden|AtLocation|outside
playground|UsedFor|children to play
meeting|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
box|IsA|object
highway|UsedFor|driving on or over
confusion|HasA|ltr p
neighborhood|HasProperty|a location
funeral|IsA| event
alcohol|UsedFor|eating or drinking
movie|IsA|place people can meet
apartment|HasProperty|a building to live in
office|PartOf|admin role
apartment|CapableOf|be slept in
hospital|IsA|place
nature|PartOf|house
desktop|UsedFor|communication
backyard|IsA|outdoor location
conference|HasProperty|a gathering place
cave|UsedFor|reading books
pool|IsA|physical item 
table|HasProperty|furniture
dirt|IsA|bodypart
apartment|CapableOf|be opened/closed
cabinet|UsedFor|holding things
utensils|CapableOf|be held in your hands
outdoors|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
books|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
aquarium|IsA|small body of water
mansion|IsA|single structure
forest|PartOf|natural landscape
anxiety|CapableOf|cause pain
spoon|IsA|tableware
carpet|HasProperty|found inside a house
cage|PartOf|physical structure
government|IsA|concept or place
drawer|HasProperty|furniture
pond|AtLocation|outside
like|IsA|enjoyable
refrigerator|HasA|plug or power source
wallet|CapableOf|be held in your hands
apartment|IsA|single structure
hole|IsA|place where money is kept
box|UsedFor|storing physical things
shelf|IsA|room
bedroom|HasProperty|a room
house|HasA|bed for sleeping
refrigerator|HasProperty|sold in stores
anthology|IsA|something kept at home
hotel|IsA|something you can own
trees|MadeOf|wood
classroom|UsedFor|learning
store|UsedFor|buying things
wedding|IsA|social event
disneyland|IsA|piece of furniture
field|IsA|natural or man made
garage|HasA|doors
computer|IsA|physical and movable item
refrigerators|CapableOf|store things
shelf|AtLocation|library
television|CapableOf|show films
kitchen|CapableOf|cook
museum|IsA|type of building
highway|HasProperty|made by humans
outdoors|IsA|outdoor area
bag|UsedFor|storing physical things
auditorium|IsA|building
washington|IsA|american state
factory|MadeOf|by man
countryside|HasA|buildings in it
sink|IsA|physical item 
bathroom|IsA|room
countryside|IsA|place
storage|CapableOf|have people living there
yard|CapableOf|be parked on
desktop|IsA|place to store items
apartment|IsA|room in a property
porch|MadeOf|wood
sink|MadeOf|glass or metal
bedroom|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
purse|HasProperty|to do with currency
key|IsA|thing you have on person
home|HasA|door
blanket|AtLocation|inside a house
cellar|PartOf|house
indiana|IsA|country or state name
closet|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
concert|HasA|ticket box usually
skin|UsedFor|buying food
action|CapableOf|cause pain
people|IsA|place of religion
container|UsedFor|serving dinner
trunk|HasProperty|easily movable
library|IsA|place
medium|IsA|physical item 
marmoset|IsA|n animal
chicken|UsedFor|eating or drinking
boxes|UsedFor|storing physical things
teapot|AtLocation|in the united states
dictionary|CapableOf|be read
school|UsedFor|reading and studying
jail|UsedFor|sleeping in
school|IsA|place of formal education
garage|IsA|room in a property
building|HasA|front desk
backyard|IsA|place people work and live
corner|MadeOf|asphalt
inside|IsA|  place
mexico|AtLocation|labeled on a map
jungle|IsA|place or location
plants|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
outdoors|CapableOf|be part of a house
road|HasProperty|made by humans
plane|UsedFor|travel
bar|PartOf|business
elevator|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
montana|IsA|location
carrots|IsA|sweet or savory
cat|IsA|animal
theater|CapableOf|have people physically in it
colorado|AtLocation|labeled on a map
person|IsA|human or part of human
book|UsedFor|reading
action|CapableOf|hold objects
homes|CapableOf|be lived in
bedroom|IsA|place to store items
relaxation|IsA|form of communication
yard|AtLocation|outside
newspaper|IsA|part media
doctor|CapableOf|provide a service
conference|IsA|piece of furniture
kitchen|HasProperty|a room in a residence
garage|IsA|room (type)
circus|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
stuff|CapableOf|be held in your hands
library|UsedFor|studying in
bathroom|PartOf|house 
hotel|IsA|public building
glass|AtLocation|in  a residence
hospital|HasA|exterior walls
palace|IsA|type of building
house|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
roof|HasProperty|man made
passageway|UsedFor|reading books
temple|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
airport|HasA|use electricity
town|HasA|buildings in it
office|IsA|piece of furniture
entertaining|IsA|activity
ceiling|HasProperty|white
classroom|HasA|walls
store|UsedFor|reading books
church|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
desk|MadeOf|wood
office|UsedFor|work
sky|AtLocation|above the ground
sleep|HasProperty|used at night mostly
television|HasA|screen
jail|CapableOf|provide a service
automobile|CapableOf|move people
kitchen|PartOf|house
office|AtLocation|inside a home
refrigerators|HasProperty|used for meals
ocean|HasA|water
playground|IsA|place for playing or relaxing
table|IsA|art-related item
park|UsedFor|throwing
opera|UsedFor|happy or entertaining events
table|IsA|furniture
laughter|IsA|negative feeling
lamp|CapableOf|plug into the wall
kitchens|IsA|location or room
countryside|PartOf|nature
seattle|HasProperty|associated with the environment
television|HasProperty|a solid item 
work|CapableOf|employ people
china|HasProperty|a location
cooking|UsedFor|preparing food
field|IsA|noun
kitchen|IsA|room in a property
trunk|HasProperty|removable
chair|AtLocation|in a house
casino|IsA|place you can visit
store|HasProperty|man made
cupboard|HasProperty|furniture
restaurant|IsA|place you can go
dictionary|HasProperty|found above ground
colorado|IsA|state
library|HasProperty|a place you can work
classroom|CapableOf|be used virtually 
school|IsA|place or location to visit
street|HasA|sidewalks
field|MadeOf|one syllable
england|IsA|country or state name
backyard|CapableOf|be part of a house
harbor|UsedFor|transportation
table|IsA|place or location
government|HasProperty|powerful
arctic|IsA|type of land
india|IsA|place
office|CapableOf|have people go inside
thinking|IsA|emotion
pennsylvania|HasProperty|located in europe
inspiration|HasProperty|a physical item
office|AtLocation|in a house
pain|IsA|something a baby could have
newspaper|HasProperty|a solid item 
human|CapableOf|move freely
spoon|HasProperty|related to eating
park|HasProperty|hot
refrigerators|UsedFor|storing edible things
movie|UsedFor|storage
basement|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
refrigerator|CapableOf|be entered
exercising|HasProperty|a physical activity
restaurant|IsA|piece of furniture
california|AtLocation|western united states
woods|HasProperty|somewhere to go
college|UsedFor|studying in
florida|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
door|MadeOf|wood
plate|IsA|dish
workplace|UsedFor|a gathering of people
restaurants|UsedFor|entertaining
control|HasProperty|powerful
cinema|IsA|location
closet|HasA|feet to stand 
synagogue|IsA|religious card
work|HasA|airplanes
cat|IsA|part of a house
relaxation|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
sink|AtLocation|in a kitchen
refrigerator|IsA|place where people live
university|IsA|place
battle|IsA|place
library|UsedFor|education
pantry|MadeOf|wood
oklahoma|IsA|us state
inspiration|HasProperty|typically positive
restaurants|HasProperty|associated with drinking
demonstration|UsedFor|teaching
couch|AtLocation|mostly inside
floor|HasProperty|removable
exercise|CapableOf|cause injury
school|UsedFor|sport
accomplishment|IsA|positive card
bread|IsA|type of food
refrigerator|HasProperty|decorative
arkansas|IsA|us state
apartment|HasProperty|a type of home
outdoors|MadeOf|trees
garden|HasA|green plant
dinner|CapableOf|be held in your hands
synagogue|UsedFor|worship
california|HasProperty|where someone can live
pleasure|IsA|happy card
ground|AtLocation|indoors
money|CapableOf|be held in your hands
bed|IsA|wooden object 
crying|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
desktop|HasProperty|hot
rock|PartOf|nature
sea|IsA|partially enclosed by land
person|UsedFor|announcing something
bathroom|CapableOf|be opened/closed
microwave|IsA|piece of furniture
kitchen|AtLocation|inside a house
water|UsedFor|eating or drinking
television|IsA|n electronic device
church|IsA|place to be entertained
stove|HasProperty|used for meals
sink|AtLocation|in  a residence
bed|HasProperty|used at night mostly
backyard|IsA|place or location
countryside|UsedFor|recreation/leisure
backyard|CapableOf|be man made
conference|PartOf|body
library|IsA|place you can go
bag|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
airport|CapableOf|have a street address
backpack|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
desk|IsA|item of furniture
house|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
building|HasA|walls
kentucky|IsA|american state
street|PartOf|city
garage|UsedFor|storing things
shelf|UsedFor|holding things
idaho|HasProperty|something you can touch
town|HasProperty|a location
store|IsA|type of building
college|CapableOf|give degrees such as bachelors
notebook|IsA|object
trouble|IsA|concept or place
car|CapableOf|be used as transport 
laughter|IsA|something considered as positive
bowl|CapableOf| be moved
conference|CapableOf|make a sound
store|IsA|place
motion|CapableOf|cause injury
aircraft|CapableOf|fly
club|AtLocation|in a building
motel|UsedFor|overnight stays
utah|HasProperty|bordering idaho
river|IsA|place that humans can swim
floor|IsA|part of a house
texas|IsA|place
hospital|CapableOf|have a street address
trees|HasProperty|alive, of a natural state
refrigerator|HasProperty|a state in the usa
demonstration|UsedFor|learning
cheese|IsA|type of food
attic|HasProperty|found inside a house
discovery|CapableOf|cause pain
crying|IsA|negative feeling
court|UsedFor|sport
television|PartOf|the human body
university|IsA|place to study
desert|MadeOf|sand mostly
bathtub|HasA|feet to stand 
carpet|IsA|place or location
corner|HasProperty|able to be entered
building|CapableOf|be part of a house
manual|HasProperty|singular
garage|CapableOf|be made with bricks
country|HasProperty|bordered by south atlantic
park|IsA|nature-related
instruction|HasProperty|a physical item
sunbathers|HasProperty|hot
shop|HasProperty|1 syllable
refrigerator|UsedFor|storage of physical items
suburb|IsA|residential area
city|IsA|tourist destination
ground|CapableOf|be touched
corner|HasProperty|part of a building
refrigerator|HasA|store edible items
sadness|IsA|feeling
suffering|IsA|reaction
door|HasProperty|exposed to outside elements (typically)
cat|HasA|animal
suburbs|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
dust|HasProperty|known as dirty
bedroom|IsA|specific part of a structure
embarrassment|IsA|feeling
street|AtLocation|outside
movies|IsA|place you can visit
newspaper|IsA|something kept a home
buildings|HasProperty|a gathering place
motel|HasA|fee to visit
dinner|PartOf|food and drink
nature|IsA|animal
desk|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
floor|MadeOf|wood
apartment|IsA|place
telephone|IsA|device used for working
garage|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
drawer|IsA|piece of furniture
backpack|UsedFor|learning
greenhouse|HasProperty|found in the garden
confession|IsA|religious card
computer|AtLocation|inside someone's home
drawer|IsA|physical item 
australia|IsA|place where money is kept
desktop|AtLocation|in the living room
university|UsedFor|to get a degree
school|UsedFor|studying in
home|IsA|place where people live
city|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
boxes|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
learning|IsA|something considered as positive
paper|UsedFor|carrying things
store|IsA|location
dinner|PartOf|the human body
jar|CapableOf|keeping cash
montana|HasA|buildings in it
city|IsA|animal
pennsylvania|IsA|location
floor|PartOf|house
weather|HasProperty|related to water falling
cabinet|IsA|place to store items
house|IsA|room
bedroom|UsedFor|mainly sleep
party|CapableOf|have someone inside it
windowsill|MadeOf|trees
canada|AtLocation|on map
windowsill|PartOf|physical structure
depression|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
conference|UsedFor| gathering together
money|HasProperty|a physical item
playground|AtLocation|outside
plants|UsedFor|throwing
library|UsedFor|reading and borrowing reading materials
dishwasher|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
listening|IsA|activity
closet|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
bathroom|HasA|ceiling
drawer|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
windowsill|CapableOf|grow itself or grow things
shelf|IsA|something kept at home
money|UsedFor|paying for items
jar|AtLocation|in a kitchen
shop|IsA|room or building
pond|IsA|man made
knowledge|UsedFor|learning
money|CapableOf|hold objects
office|CapableOf|have a street address
field|IsA|location
asia|IsA|location
apartment|AtLocation|in the united states
church|IsA|place people go for fun
dancing|IsA|something considered as positive
jail|UsedFor|punishing people
automobile|HasProperty|easily movable
jail|HasA|usually have people inside
table|HasProperty|furniture in a house
buildings|UsedFor|living inside of
fox|IsA|us state
condiments|CapableOf|be consumed
information|UsedFor|news
outside|IsA|part of a property
roof|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
cage|HasProperty|man-made
france|IsA|place
speaker|UsedFor|announcing something
injury|IsA|physical damage to the body
countryside|IsA|place or location
england|IsA|place
sadness|IsA|negative feeling
workplace|HasProperty|child friendly
bedroom|IsA|part of a property
workplace|AtLocation|indoors
shelf|CapableOf|be found in a house
happiness|CapableOf|tell stories
storage|AtLocation|in united states
homes|HasProperty|child friendly
library|IsA|type /part of building
house|IsA|place to live
backpack|CapableOf|be worn
books|AtLocation|on a shelf
bar|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
cupboard|AtLocation|in a kitchen
theater|IsA|place
shelf|IsA|necessity for education
cellar|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
nails|IsA|piece of furniture
forest|MadeOf|a natural material
sorrow|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
candy|UsedFor|eating
wilderness|MadeOf|trees
toilet|AtLocation|in a building
street|MadeOf|sand
pantry|UsedFor|storage 
glass|IsA|physical item 
doorway|PartOf|house 
bathroom|PartOf|building
dictionary|IsA|animal or book
library|HasProperty|able to be entered
roof|MadeOf|wood
carnival|HasA|ticket box usually
outside|IsA|place to store items
house|IsA|room (type)
meeting|HasA|person stood at the front
texas|AtLocation|labeled on a map
internet|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
kitchen|HasProperty|used for cooking in
roadway|HasProperty|a location
sink|IsA|man made
library|IsA|building
street|IsA|type of land
building|IsA|type of room
roadway|HasA|sidewalks
greenhouse|AtLocation|outside
bedroom|HasA|four walls and a ceiling
information|CapableOf|be alive
convention|IsA|place
canada|IsA|concept or place
closet|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
outside|HasA|multiple definitions
grape|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
apartment|MadeOf|more than one room
supermarket|IsA|place
enemies|HasProperty|about  clashes
person|MadeOf|flesh
outdoors|IsA|place people work and live
seattle|AtLocation|at america
museum|IsA|place to store items
table|AtLocation|home
building|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
city|IsA|place
painting|IsA|object
restaurant|HasA|walls
windowsill|HasProperty|found in a home
books|UsedFor|viewing/reading
house|HasProperty|found below ground level
hallway|IsA|type of room
garage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
newspaper|IsA|physical item 
synagogue|IsA|place or location
synagogue|HasA|exterior walls
club|IsA|place people can meet
airplane|CapableOf|get wet from the rain
ceiling|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
remembering|HasProperty|a physical item
shelf|HasProperty|made of wood
box|CapableOf|be lifted by 1 person
theater|IsA|place you can visit
hospital|CapableOf|treat illness and disease
garbage|AtLocation|indoors
furniture|AtLocation|inside a person's home
house|HasProperty|a collection of flats
speaker|IsA|physical and movable item
store|CapableOf|be opened/closed
library|IsA|type of building
mexico|HasProperty|outdoors
canada|IsA|country
knowledge|IsA|positive thing
books|CapableOf|be used virtually 
library|IsA|thing you can touch
trash|HasProperty|a solid item 
church|CapableOf|have someone inside it
house|AtLocation|outside
refrigerator|CapableOf|be found in a house
party|AtLocation|inside a house
horse|IsA|object
woods|IsA|natural thing
disneyland|HasProperty|found below ground level
garden|IsA|location
cupboard|CapableOf|be opened
drawer|CapableOf|slide open
freeway|IsA|place
encyclopedia|IsA|necessity for education
palace|HasA|roof
television|IsA|object
yard|HasProperty|a location
yard|IsA|place people work and live
valley|IsA|natural thing
corner|AtLocation|indoors
china|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
newspaper|PartOf|publication
museum|HasA|usually have people inside
apartment|IsA|private space
pond|CapableOf|be part of a house
restaurant|UsedFor|washing
trees|IsA|place people work and live
bathroom|CapableOf|have someone inside it
corporation|HasProperty|powerful
hotel|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
confession|HasA|ticket box usually
countryside|PartOf|natural landscape
disneyland|UsedFor|storage
town|HasProperty|ruled by one government
floor|UsedFor|building the structure of house
room|PartOf|house
bowl|UsedFor|serving
school|CapableOf|be currently visited
church|CapableOf|keeping cash
kitchen|HasA|usually have people inside
closet|CapableOf|have someone inside it
contemplating|UsedFor|seeking an answer
highway|HasA|people living on
switzerland|HasProperty|a country
stuff|IsA|1 syllable word
corner|HasA|first letter c
warehouse|CapableOf|be made with bricks
snore|PartOf|house
outside|HasProperty|somewhere to go
woods|MadeOf|trees
bar|UsedFor|entertaining
doctor|MadeOf|by man
texas|IsA|part of the south
arizona|AtLocation|labeled on a map
table|IsA|wooden object 
bedroom|IsA|room in a house
trouble|IsA|store items
building|CapableOf|be man made
desktop|AtLocation|indoors
dust|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
television|CapableOf|make sounds
kitchens|IsA|type of business
sorrow|IsA|negative thing
office|IsA|room
boat|CapableOf|float
school|IsA|type of building
dirt|HasA|wheels
field|IsA|animal
classroom|HasA|usually have people inside
dinner|UsedFor|to keep items
sky|IsA|natural thing
wall|AtLocation|library
reflection|CapableOf|cause pain
company|HasA|airplanes
restaurant|HasA|properties of any kind
school|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
california|IsA|place
bowl|AtLocation|in a home
apartment|CapableOf|have someone inside it
motel|HasProperty|somewhere people stay
roof|HasProperty|found in a home
table|HasProperty|a piece of furniture
pond|IsA|place people work and live
garage|HasA|usually have people inside
woods|IsA|place
fly|HasProperty|found above ground
attic|HasProperty|used for storage
sink|UsedFor|in a bathroom
table|UsedFor|sitting on
garbage|HasProperty|smelly and dirty
love|HasProperty|a positive emotion
hospital|HasA|front desk
concert|MadeOf|wood
blood|PartOf|the human body
grape|CapableOf|be sweet
trauma|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
restaurants|PartOf|food and drink
park|CapableOf|be physically touched
supermarket|CapableOf|be opened/closed
suburbs|HasA|buildings in it
television|IsA|something kept a home
enjoyment|IsA|activity
dictionary|CapableOf|be used virtually 
suit|UsedFor|wearing
car|CapableOf|allow you to travel
happiness|IsA|noun
information|UsedFor|reading
demonstration|IsA|another word for show
street|AtLocation|at america
fox|HasA|multiple definitions
park|AtLocation|outside
bar|PartOf|food and drink
home|IsA|1 syllable  word
restaurant|IsA|public building
thinking|PartOf|human mind
cellar|CapableOf|be opened/closed
pot|AtLocation|inside a house
car|HasProperty|easily movable
nostalgia|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
humans|HasProperty|something you can touch
pennsylvania|AtLocation|in north america
room|CapableOf|be entered
action|CapableOf|keeping cash
field|PartOf|a house/home
ceiling|AtLocation|library
drawer|HasProperty|used at night mostly
desk|HasProperty|found in the house
shelf|MadeOf|metal
punishment|CapableOf|make you sad
change|HasProperty|to do with currency
telephone|AtLocation|in the living room
carpet|AtLocation|at a famous university
internet|PartOf|publication
junk|PartOf|house
doctor|IsA|person
garden|HasProperty|found in a home
desk|AtLocation|in a house
laughter|IsA|verb
floor|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
canada|IsA|location
wallet|IsA|thing you have on person
table|AtLocation|inside a place of habitation
park|IsA|location
ficus|IsA|type of tree
water|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
oven|HasProperty|used for meals
pan|CapableOf|cook
table|MadeOf|glass
beach|AtLocation|outside
action|IsA|physical state
museum|IsA|room
europe|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
couch|MadeOf|glass
backyard|HasA|properties of any kind
michigan|IsA|place
knowledge|PartOf|human mind
radio|IsA|electronic device
disneyland|IsA|place
moon|PartOf|the galaxy
furniture|HasProperty|found in a house
hotel|HasA|beds
shelf|UsedFor|at home
painting|AtLocation|on a wall
film|UsedFor|storage
nightmares|IsA|negative thing
toilet|UsedFor|pooping
bathtub|IsA|bodypart
conference|UsedFor|praying
garage|CapableOf|store a car
market|IsA|place
garage|UsedFor|storage
store|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
bathroom|UsedFor|sport
town|AtLocation|outside
motel|HasA|usually have people inside
newspaper|UsedFor|reading 
dust|HasProperty|found inside a house
minnesota|IsA|location
school|HasA|roof
container|IsA|piece of furniture
assessment|CapableOf|make a sound
outside|UsedFor|sport
closet|AtLocation|indoors
street|HasProperty|hot
montana|IsA|american state
newspaper|UsedFor|news
cinema|UsedFor|putting on a show
basement|IsA|room in a home
desk|AtLocation|in the home or  office
street|IsA|mode of transportation
excitement|HasProperty|an emotion
toronto|PartOf|house
store|CapableOf|have people inside
desert|IsA|geographic location
bird|IsA|a animal
manual|UsedFor|viewing/reading
suffering|IsA|noun
television|MadeOf|technology
louisiana|AtLocation|at south united states
field|MadeOf|physical harm
fun|IsA|n emotion
mansion|HasA|roof
dust|MadeOf|fine particles, usually unpleasant 
sea|HasA|water
closet|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
joy|AtLocation|when you are peaceful
weather|HasProperty|associated with the environment
classroom|HasProperty|a room
oven|AtLocation|in a house
bed|AtLocation|mostly inside
room|AtLocation|inside a person's home
kitchen|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
classroom|IsA|place where students learn
container|UsedFor|storing things in
house|IsA|inanimate object
food|AtLocation|in a home
soup|CapableOf|be eaten
magazine|IsA|physical item 
college|IsA|place of learning
library|MadeOf|paper
knowledge|HasProperty|a physical item
restaurant|UsedFor|storing things inside
carpet|UsedFor|sitting on
store|IsA|business
bathroom|IsA|room in a property
utensils|UsedFor|eating
beach|HasProperty|hot
beach|IsA|place
kitchen|HasProperty|able to be entered
garden|HasA|feet to stand 
drinking|IsA|activity
desk|IsA|necessity for education
restaurant|AtLocation|on the map
windowsill|AtLocation|at a famous university
wood|CapableOf|be purchased or bought
container|AtLocation|in a house
radio|CapableOf| be held in your hand
building|IsA|place where people live
blanket|HasProperty|something you can carry
kitchen|HasProperty|related to eating
france|AtLocation|labeled on a map
neighborhood|IsA|residential area
books|IsA|thing you can touch
club|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
backyard|UsedFor|children to play
bedroom|AtLocation|inside someone's home
school|HasProperty|a type of building
closet|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
library|IsA|necessity for education
alabama|IsA|us state
park|IsA|happy card
listening|IsA|associated to a positive experience
refrigerator|CapableOf|keep things cool
radio|UsedFor|news
floor|UsedFor|to keep items
utensils|UsedFor|storage
garage|AtLocation|home
cupboard|HasProperty|an object
bedroom|UsedFor|eating or sleeping in
warehouse|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
bedroom|HasProperty|able to be entered
opera|HasA|ticket box usually
wilderness|IsA|natural thing
laughter|HasProperty|an emotion
backpack|UsedFor|storage
radio|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
cat|PartOf|house
shelf|UsedFor|storing items
agreement|IsA|emotion
nursery|IsA|place or location
human|IsA|person
meeting|IsA|group action
learning|IsA|activity
apartment|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
crying|IsA|reaction
table|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
coffee|CapableOf|be held in your hands
restaurants|CapableOf|be closed
bathroom|IsA|room in a house
city|IsA|concept or place
garden|HasProperty|sold in stores
carpet|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
restaurant|IsA|business that serves food
garbage|HasProperty|used at night mostly
groceries|AtLocation|in a kitchen
shelf|AtLocation|in a kitchen
garden|CapableOf|be part of a house
austria|IsA|location
books|HasProperty|a publication
garden|IsA|nature-related
desktop|IsA|room
building|HasA|properties of any kind
library|UsedFor|children to study
kitchen|AtLocation|in a house
thinking|CapableOf|cause pain
bathroom|UsedFor|sell things
newspaper|CapableOf| be held in your hand
loft|PartOf|single housing unit
pantry|IsA|location
car|HasA|use electricity
movies|CapableOf|be watched
stadium|UsedFor|washing
television|CapableOf|be watched
library|UsedFor|reading
stable|UsedFor| housing animals
wings|UsedFor|eating
toilet|UsedFor|in a bathroom
doorway|AtLocation|mostly inside
shelf|IsA|furniture
roof|UsedFor|building the structure of house
locker|UsedFor|religious services
lemur|IsA|animal
stove|UsedFor|heating up things to eat
synagogue|IsA|place
windowsill|HasProperty|hot
closet|HasProperty|found inside a house
church|IsA|planet
lake|MadeOf|water
discovery|IsA|emotion
office|AtLocation|inside someone's home
museum|IsA|building
switzerland|IsA|location
trunk|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
library|HasProperty|related to studying
school|IsA|building
mouth|PartOf|body
jar|IsA|cartoon
electricity|MadeOf|wood
skyscraper|IsA|tall building
exhaustion|CapableOf|happiness
backyard|IsA|animal
park|IsA|place you visit
detroit|IsA|place where you can visit
bee|CapableOf|fly
garage|AtLocation|at a house
satisfaction|IsA|feeling
bowl|IsA|dish
auditorium|UsedFor|music
house|HasA|usually have people inside
money|IsA|negative thing
road|UsedFor|flying
playground|CapableOf|be man made
airport|CapableOf|have people  inside
windowsill|PartOf|building
continent|CapableOf|be walked on
school|UsedFor|reading books
excitement|HasA|ltr p
junk|HasProperty|used at night mostly
park|IsA|outdoor area
computer|AtLocation|in the living room
happiness|HasProperty|a positive emotion
computer|MadeOf|wood
peanuts|HasProperty|related to children
desktop|IsA|n electronic device
city|IsA|part of a municipality
maine|HasA|border with an ocean
pain|IsA|feeling/emotion
condiments|AtLocation|in a house
wings|CapableOf|move freely
nature|MadeOf|trees
mansion|IsA|location
bed|PartOf|house 
michigan|IsA|state in usa
class|HasProperty|related to studying
automobile|CapableOf|be lived in
classroom|IsA|place of learning
colorado|HasA|car
lasagna|HasProperty|used at meal time
roof|AtLocation|outside
like|IsA|verb
church|IsA|place
purse|IsA|thing you have on person
hotel|IsA|building 
oven|IsA|singular object
garage|AtLocation|in united states
attic|IsA|store items
table|IsA|something you eat off
table|AtLocation|in a house
apartment|UsedFor|sleeping
hairbrush|AtLocation|in your room
battle|HasProperty|about  clashes
light|MadeOf|energy
house|IsA|place where you can live
wilderness|CapableOf|be walked on
manual|UsedFor|reading
house|UsedFor|formal learning
vaccines|IsA|physical object
wall|IsA|room
park|MadeOf|natural materials
cave|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
fingernails|IsA|bodypart
attic|HasA|opening or door
universe|HasProperty|related to planets
supermarket|UsedFor|ordering food and drink
pantry|AtLocation|indoors
library|UsedFor|reading and studying
refrigerator|CapableOf|store things
box|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
rug|IsA|part of a house
ground|HasProperty|decorative
detroit|IsA|place people go for fun
conference|HasA|ticket box usually
trunk|MadeOf|wood
montana|HasProperty|a location
glass|UsedFor|eating or drinking
carrots|CapableOf|be chopped or slices
head|PartOf|the human body
museum|IsA|place
den|HasA|door
mountains|HasProperty|in a cold climate
bedroom|UsedFor|mainly sleeping
bridge|HasProperty|made by humans
yard|HasA|properties of any kind
roof|AtLocation|on top of a house
airport|AtLocation|on a map
drawer|HasProperty|an object
country|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
school|UsedFor|to get a degree
jar|IsA|man made
lawn|HasProperty|a solid item 
defeat|IsA|feeling or emotion
cabinet|AtLocation|in a kitchen
playground|HasProperty|made by humans
clock|CapableOf|show you time
laughter|HasProperty|a positive emotion
clothing|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
bedroom|IsA|type of room
ocean|UsedFor|reading books
marmoset|IsA|animal or book
seaside|IsA|man-made thing
mexico|IsA|nation symbol
oven|CapableOf|cook things
remembering|IsA|positive thing
corner|IsA|room
table|UsedFor|a physical meeting of people
talk|IsA|verb
porch|HasProperty|found in the garden
bathroom|HasA|door
garage|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
cupboard|UsedFor|storage
jail|UsedFor|locking prisoners away
auditorium|CapableOf|have someone inside it
snow|HasProperty|cold
newspaper|IsA|object
sea|IsA|place
trauma|IsA|negative feeling
purse|UsedFor|paying for items
airport|CapableOf|employ people
excitement|IsA|feeling
trees|AtLocation|outside
jail|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
container|AtLocation|in a cupboard
home|MadeOf|walls and ceiling
ocean|IsA|place that humans can swim
porch|IsA|room or building
court|HasA|roof
park|UsedFor|children to play
mouse|AtLocation|inside a house
mexico|AtLocation|outside
bottle|AtLocation|in a kitchen
subdivision|UsedFor|expanding development
corner|IsA|place to store items
toronto|IsA|place
pond|CapableOf|be man made
countryside|CapableOf|be part of a house
forest|HasProperty|somewhere to go
suburbs|IsA|residential area
workplace|IsA|place you visit
detroit|AtLocation|on a map
shelf|CapableOf|be purchased
trunk|UsedFor|storage
closet|AtLocation|inside a house
store|AtLocation|indoors
airport|HasA|airplanes
park|IsA|place children play
store|HasProperty|man-made
pond|IsA|somewhere animals swim
purse|UsedFor|living
magazine|UsedFor|news
rain|HasProperty|related to water falling
desk|AtLocation|inside someone's home
outside|HasProperty|found below ground level
pocket|UsedFor|viewing/reading
telephone|AtLocation|inside someone's home
hospital|HasA|dead bodies within it typically
anger|IsA|negative emotion
street|UsedFor|car travel
music|HasProperty|a form of entertainment
garage|IsA|type of building
desk|IsA|piece of furniture
injuries|CapableOf|create physical pain
demonstration|PartOf|body
chair|HasProperty|furniture in a house
ontario|PartOf|north america
tears|IsA|verb
sewer|PartOf|waste management system
backpack|UsedFor|packing things inside
shock|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
fire|CapableOf|move location
argument|HasProperty|about  clashes
city|IsA|place where you can live
speaker|PartOf|body
communication|IsA|verb
teaching|IsA|negative emotion
cupboard|AtLocation|indoors
desert|HasProperty|hot
briefcase|UsedFor|storage
town|HasA|1 syllable  word
basement|HasProperty|found below ground level
food|HasProperty|related to eating
disneyland|HasA|clowns or mickey mouse
window|HasProperty|found in a house
synagogue|IsA|building
remembering|IsA|negative thing
movement|HasA|m at the beginning
garage|UsedFor|storing vehicles
suburb|HasA|lots of greenery / trees
church|IsA|place of worship
dictionary|UsedFor|viewing/reading
cupboard|HasA|door
dishwasher|IsA|piece of furniture
shed|IsA|place
birds|CapableOf|fly
microwave|IsA|physical and movable item
corner|MadeOf|wood
workplace|IsA|type of building
bread|UsedFor|eating or drinking
shelf|UsedFor|to keep items
church|UsedFor|eating or drinking in
playground|UsedFor|playing
car|HasProperty|an object
drawer|IsA|wooden object 
stable|UsedFor|housing animals
working|IsA|negative emotion
exercising|CapableOf|cause injury
oven|CapableOf|cook
college|CapableOf|have people  inside
ficus|HasProperty|decorative
person|PartOf|body
park|IsA|outdoor location
cup|AtLocation|inside a house
house|HasProperty|a location
cupboard|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
death|MadeOf|flesh
celebrating|IsA|activity
refrigerator|UsedFor|storage
california|IsA|proper noun
garage|IsA|room in a building
book|HasProperty|related to studying
cellar|HasProperty|found below ground level
roof|HasProperty|found outside a home typically
cupboard|CapableOf| be moved
jungle|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
highway|UsedFor|car travel
ceiling|AtLocation|above the ground
desk|IsA|n item of furniture
stomach|AtLocation|in  a residence
opera|UsedFor|putting on a show
lake|IsA|natural thing
carrots|IsA|food
portfolio|UsedFor|writing in
basement|IsA|structure or building
television|MadeOf|electronic/electrical parts
product|CapableOf|be purchased
nightmares|HasProperty|seen as a negative 
buildings|IsA|location
room|AtLocation|the bottom of a building
outside|IsA|room
instruction|IsA|positive thing
school|HasA|exterior walls
bathroom|IsA|type of room
garage|IsA|place where people live
bedroom|AtLocation|in a house
palace|HasA|exterior walls
dreams|HasProperty|related to sleep
street|HasProperty|associated with the environment
room|HasA|usually have people inside
desk|MadeOf|fewer than  20 physical things
pan|IsA|singular object
trees|HasA|properties of any kind
house|CapableOf|be currently visited
ball|UsedFor|playing
product|CapableOf|be touched
store|UsedFor|storing physical things
playground|HasA|properties of any kind
town|IsA|residential area
lake|IsA|1 syllable word
company|CapableOf|employ people
library|AtLocation|indoors
library|UsedFor|reading books
picture|AtLocation|at a party
stress|IsA|negative feeling or expression
maine|MadeOf|fiber
farm|AtLocation|on a map
apartment|UsedFor|housing
school|PartOf|man body
restaurant|HasA|edible items for sale
kitchens|HasProperty|for buying things
restaurant|HasA|usually have people inside
castle|HasProperty|plural
attic|IsA|room (type)
problems|IsA|negative emotion or feeling
church|HasA|person stood at the front
building|HasA|bed for sleeping
enjoyment|HasProperty|a positive emotion
desk|UsedFor|storage
apartment|IsA|place or location
house|IsA|another word for show
mansion|UsedFor| gathering together
computer|AtLocation|inside a place of habitation
opera|UsedFor| gathering together
newspaper|UsedFor|reading
desktop|MadeOf|metal
dust|AtLocation|inside
headache|IsA|physical state
canada|IsA|place you visit often
argument|HasA|physical element
cabinet|IsA|furniture
effort|IsA|positive card
museum|UsedFor|storing historical artifacts
bedroom|CapableOf|be slept in
box|IsA|cartoon
park|IsA|ground where child play
clock|AtLocation|library
flat|IsA|something you can own
meeting|IsA|place people can meet
restaurant|IsA|type of business
warehouse|PartOf|house
bathroom|PartOf|a house/home
forest|HasProperty|associated with the environment
windowsill|HasProperty|part of a building
forest|MadeOf|sand
briefcase|IsA|piece of furniture
supermarket|IsA|public building
magazine|CapableOf|be read
garden|HasProperty|somewhere people visit
sea|IsA|somewhere animals swim
hospital|HasProperty|a place you can work
headache|CapableOf|happiness
vase|IsA|something kept at home
wilderness|CapableOf|be currently visited
america|IsA|proper noun
food|CapableOf|be eaten
backpack|UsedFor|carrying things
books|IsA|object
lake|IsA|place
hospital|IsA|public place
happiness|IsA|n emotion
newspaper|AtLocation|library
conference|IsA|place or location
california|IsA|looks like house
ficus|IsA|looks like house
museum|CapableOf|somewhere you can walk into
problems|HasProperty|caused by physical reason
bay|HasA|water
university|UsedFor|reading and studying
mouth|IsA|object
chocolate|UsedFor|eating
california|HasProperty|a state in the usa
ficus|HasProperty|a state in the usa
picture|AtLocation|library
garage|CapableOf|opened or closed
trunk|UsedFor|storing things in
rug|HasProperty|flat
desert|HasProperty|a location
enjoyment|IsA|emotion
museum|IsA|room in a property
punch|CapableOf|cause physical harm
manual|MadeOf|paper
competing|IsA|positive card
roof|PartOf|building
refrigerator|UsedFor|keeping things cool
africa|MadeOf|surrounding indian sea
sink|IsA|object
shelf|AtLocation|indoors
dinner|MadeOf|food
farm|UsedFor|milking cows
cup|CapableOf|be found in a house
disneyland|HasA|ticket box usually
theater|CapableOf|keeping cash
television|AtLocation|inside someone's home
ceiling|AtLocation|in your room
valley|HasA|water
plate|UsedFor|serving dinner
subdivision|CapableOf|fit the titanic inside it
field|UsedFor|punish
wisconsin|CapableOf|be walked on
favors|IsA|verb
contemplating|CapableOf|cause pain
texas|IsA|us state
homes|HasProperty|plural
laughter|IsA|activity
forest|IsA|natural thing
france|AtLocation|below
computer|HasA|first letter c
theater|IsA|location
building|CapableOf|make a sound
russia|IsA|country
arboretum|HasProperty|a state in the usa
pleasure|IsA|feeling 
library|UsedFor|viewing/reading
apartment|UsedFor|living inside of
countryside|HasA|properties of any kind
opera|HasProperty|a gathering place
opera|HasProperty|a place expressly for singing
bed|CapableOf|furnishing for a home
key|CapableOf|keeping cash
radio|HasProperty|used to hear sounds
basement|UsedFor|storage
embarrassment|IsA|reaction
stamps|UsedFor|storage
palace|HasProperty|a type of building
encyclopedia|HasProperty|related to studying
france|IsA|state
car|HasA|positive connotation
air|UsedFor|throwing
supermarket|IsA|place you buy food
bathroom|UsedFor|pooping
field|PartOf|nature
restaurant|IsA|place
jail|IsA|room or building
bedroom|IsA|type /part of building
street|IsA|place you can visit
picture|CapableOf|be bought at ikea
government|AtLocation|on map
bearing|HasA|first letter b
country|CapableOf|make you do something
university|HasA|person stood at the front
classroom|CapableOf|have people go inside
chair|HasProperty|found in the house
coffee|UsedFor|eating
silence|IsA|tv show
celebrating|IsA|physical emotion
mouse|CapableOf|storing food
happiness|HasProperty|an emotion
book|AtLocation|on a shelf
meeting|AtLocation|in a building
medium|AtLocation|in the kitchen 
toilet|IsA|room in a property
entertainment|HasA|positive connotation
market|PartOf|business
desktop|AtLocation|at home
river|IsA|small area
asia|IsA|continent
funeral|CapableOf|have people physically in it
universe|HasA|to do with planets
instruction|HasProperty|typically positive
dance|CapableOf|be performed
garden|IsA|place people can meet
cage|IsA|animal
desktop|CapableOf|be used virtually 
battle|HasA|physical element
happiness|IsA|positive card
desktop|IsA|necessity for education
enjoyment|IsA|verb
mouth|AtLocation|on/in the human body
trunk|UsedFor|to keep items
television|HasProperty|found inside a house
factory|IsA|place where people work
boat|CapableOf|be used as transport 
town|IsA|location
table|UsedFor|storage
cupboard|HasA|doors
supermarket|IsA|place you can visit
hospital|CapableOf|have people physically inside it
ocean|HasA|fish in it
light|HasProperty|found in the house
closet|HasA|opening or door
town|HasA|properties of any kind
carrots|IsA|vegetable 
store|IsA|place people can visit
pantry|HasProperty|used for meals
contemplating|IsA|emotion
bedroom|IsA|place to live
market|UsedFor|storing items
sink|HasProperty|furniture
toilet|AtLocation|home
pantry|UsedFor|storing things in
suburbs|IsA|place
pocket|IsA|thing you have on person
painting|HasA|outdoor scenery
competing|HasProperty|about  clashes
table|HasProperty|used for meals
windowsill|MadeOf|glass
concert|UsedFor|travel
celebrating|IsA|verb
heaven|IsA|place
car|UsedFor|driving
shelf|CapableOf|be touched
country|HasProperty|ruled by one government
aquarium|HasProperty|human made
bank|IsA|place to keep money
bathroom|UsedFor|cleaning your body
opera|IsA|place or location
city|AtLocation|on a map
bathroom|HasProperty|man-made
canada|HasA|properties of any kind
nightmares|HasProperty|related to sleep
apartment|IsA|location
morgue|MadeOf|flesh
container|UsedFor|storage
bar|HasProperty|for buying things
toilet|UsedFor|urination
house|HasProperty|found in a home
home|CapableOf|have people  inside
garage|IsA|building
cupboard|IsA|place to store items
desk|MadeOf|wood or paper or card
shed|UsedFor|storing physical things
backyard|IsA|part of a house
hospital|IsA|business that serves food
garage|CapableOf|be found in a house
elevator|PartOf|building
gymnasium|HasA|roof
locker|HasA|walls
microwave|UsedFor|storage
mouth|IsA|human or part of human
fun|IsA|mental state
california|AtLocation|specifically named on a map
backyard|HasProperty|likely to have animals there
university|IsA|place people can meet
love|IsA|verb
grape|IsA|food
house|HasProperty|a social unit for gathering 
pocket|UsedFor|storage
sleeping|HasProperty|related to sleep
forest|IsA|type of land
bedroom|CapableOf|have people  inside
lasagna|CapableOf|be purchased
burger|IsA|type of food
chair|IsA|necessity for education
fight|CapableOf|create physical pain
class|HasA|person stood at the front
house|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
road|CapableOf|be drived on with car
forest|AtLocation|outside
attic|IsA|place
florida|IsA|place
india|IsA|country
canada|HasProperty|located in europe
sorrow|IsA|feeling/emotion
utensils|CapableOf|allow you to wear it
store|HasProperty|removable
dust|AtLocation|indoors
texas|IsA|state
pantry|HasA|door
chocolate|HasProperty|sweet
backpack|HasProperty|an object
forest|HasProperty|2 syllables
cellar|IsA|room (type)
office|UsedFor|communication
desk|IsA|place of religion
jail|CapableOf|have someone inside it
sink|UsedFor|washing or cooking
trouble|CapableOf|make you do something
supermarket|HasA|ticket box usually
bathroom|HasProperty|a room in a building
government|IsA|organization 
internet|HasProperty|a gathering place
opera|CapableOf|be performed
airport|IsA|type /part of building
food|CapableOf|be found in a house
wall|CapableOf|be found in a house
birds|AtLocation|on a map
classroom|IsA|room in a property
airport|CapableOf|provide a service
birds|HasA|physical appearance
computer|PartOf|admin role
attic|IsA|room in a home
roof|HasA|ceiling
tree|MadeOf|natural materials
indiana|IsA|us state
