cat|cockroach|HasA|walking
wheel|sailboat|HasA|wheels
cat|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
cheetah|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
daughter|girlfriend|IsA|family member
cranberry|pineapple|IsA|fruit
knife|comb|CapableOf|writing
milk|butter|UsedFor|dessert
barn|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
brush|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
wheel|hose|UsedFor|a vehicle
screws|plate|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
moth|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
gorilla|zebra|HasA|antlers/tusks
gorilla|crocodile|IsA|like a cat
chicken|squid|IsA|black and white
blender|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
rocker|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
toaster|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
knee|leg|PartOf|upper body
pliers|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
magazine|mixer|IsA|digital device
zebra|tiger|HasA|trunk
celery|beans|IsA|vegetable
grenade|tank|IsA|weapon
otter|rabbit|HasA|long tail
faucet|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
bed|door|IsA|electrical appliance
saxophone|guitar|HasA|keys
rope|fan|MadeOf|metal
door|blender|UsedFor|heating items up
hand|arm|PartOf|the upper body
tower|walls|IsA|body part
tape|rope|IsA|digital device
freezer|sink|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
bagpipe|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
wife|daughter|HasProperty|a picture of a female
cockroach|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
skateboard|scooter|IsA|powered vehicle
tower|walls|UsedFor|defense
rope|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
cherry|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
banana|pineapple|IsA|fruit
tuba|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
meal|bacon|UsedFor|dinner
dress|pants|PartOf|lower waistline
crayon|screwdriver|PartOf|what is the name of 
doctor|nurse|IsA|family member
mouth|nose|PartOf|face
stick|spatula|UsedFor|hair
meal|supper|HasProperty|a single item
rock|oven|MadeOf|maybe
worm|beetle|IsA|colorful 
butter|beer|IsA|alcohol
lobster|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
rope|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
paintbrush|pencil|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
ant|cat|IsA|plant
cheese|garlic|MadeOf|juice making
rocket|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
rabbit|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
rope|mixer|MadeOf|paper
rope|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
cherry|lemon|CapableOf|delicious
horse|goat|HasProperty|fluffy
flute|saxophone|HasA|keys
tiger|elephant|HasA|4 legs
tank|cannon|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
jacket|blouse|AtLocation|over your knees
typewriter|paintbrush|UsedFor|cutting
wheelbarrow|shirt|HasA|wheel
lemon|banana|IsA|red  or orang
accordion|trombone|HasA|keys
nurse|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
wheel|cannon|CapableOf|use electricity
bungalow|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
shrimp|salmon|IsA|mollusk
eagle|falcon|IsA|bird of prey
dishwasher|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
crocodile|elephant|HasA|fur
pen|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
drill|tank|CapableOf|use electricity
skin|ankle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
prune|grapefruit|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
tent|gate|IsA|religious place
wrist|fingers|MadeOf|upper body parts
jeans|jacket|UsedFor|feet
jacket|trousers|UsedFor|warming upper body
bone|toe|IsA|part of the skeleton
cabin|house|IsA|place to live permanently
finger|fingers|AtLocation|on furniture
pear|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
pants|necklace|CapableOf|be worn
flea|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
stick|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
microwave|oven|MadeOf|steel
typewriter|pen|HasA|graphite center
window|tower|PartOf|building
car|boat|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
screwdriver|brush|HasProperty|cutting
ship|jet|IsA| mode of transportation 
cabin|barn|MadeOf|one or more rooms
drill|knife|CapableOf|make holes 
leg|fingers|PartOf|body
zebra|caribou|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
aunt|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
butter|chocolate|UsedFor|recipes 
arm|wrist|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
fan|rocker|IsA|digital device
giraffe|cart|HasA|trunk
worm|ant|HasProperty|typically able to fly
rocket|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
truck|scooter|AtLocation|in water
cougar|deer|IsA|predator 
neck|arm|IsA|plural
pony|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
rope|cannon|IsA|firearm
bolts|tap|IsA|related to music 
roof|bar|PartOf|body
squirrel|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
mole|otter|IsA|sad
wife|aunt|HasProperty|a picture of a female
vulture|hawk|HasA|large wing span
arm|hand|PartOf|room
pencil|knife|CapableOf|be used for hair
cat|rabbit|IsA|common pet
sugar|chocolate|MadeOf|several ingredients
turtle|ant|MadeOf|small animals
girlfriend|father|IsA|female
doctor|nurse|IsA|female
trombone|guitar|MadeOf|wood
buffalo|bison|HasA|horn
plum|prune|HasA|edible skin (usually)
wrist|ankle|IsA|joint
airplane|jet|IsA| mode of transportation 
stick|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
rope|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
hand|room|PartOf|house
corn|celery|IsA|purple vegetable
airplane|balloon|AtLocation|on water
elbow|arm|PartOf|lower body
squirrel|groundhog|AtLocation|carnivorous
mink|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
skirt|gown|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
wheel|mixer|MadeOf|metal
turtle|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
boat|yacht|HasProperty|usually a large size
mouse|rabbit|CapableOf|kill a human
crayon|pliers|CapableOf|print
canoe|bike|UsedFor|eating
yacht|canoe|UsedFor|eating
shirt|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
bottle|mug|CapableOf|be held to drink
faucet|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
ceiling|window|UsedFor|decoration
clamp|hose|HasA|a type of metal
elbow|forearm|HasA|less than three joints
bed|carpet|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
trombone|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
lemon|lime|PartOf|eating
typewriter|brush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
leg|thigh|HasProperty|below the waist 
bag|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
skis|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
shrimp|crab|IsA|water animal
stick|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
scissors|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
sheep|goat|AtLocation|pet store
mink|fawn|CapableOf|be held 
harmonica|tuba|HasA|keys
cousin|brother|IsA|title
kite|hawk|HasProperty|domesticated
tap|rope|UsedFor|can your card used home
moth|cockroach|IsA|bug
snail|cockroach|IsA|plant
toe|ankle|IsA|on the lower half 
deer|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
flute|trumpet|IsA|instrument
magazine|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
hand|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
leg|body|AtLocation|on head
plum|banana|IsA|red  or orang
doctor|princess|IsA|female
brush|pen|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
bone|hair|AtLocation|on your head
pencil|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
olive|orange|IsA|fruit
apartment|cottage|MadeOf|one or more rooms
fan|clamp|CapableOf|make sound
dog|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
squirrel|caterpillar|IsA|plant
lime|olive|CapableOf|spices
wasp|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
chocolate|sugar|IsA|diary food
chapel|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
skunk|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
fridge|toaster|IsA|electrical appliance
pipe|barrel|CapableOf|hold water
cow|donkey|IsA|typical pet
ankle|knee|HasProperty|below the waist 
bedroom|barn|UsedFor|human living
nurse|actress|IsA|female
banana|garlic|IsA|physical fruit or veg
liver|eye|IsA|organ
knees|knee|PartOf|the lower body
mirror|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
muscle|eye|AtLocation|on your head
actress|nurse|HasProperty|steel
wheel|plate|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
horse|giraffe|HasA|trunk
elk|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
soup|steak|UsedFor|dinner
squirrel|otter|HasProperty|4 letters long
fridge|sink|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
hose|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
mole|skunk|IsA|otter
deer|cheetah|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
donkey|crocodile|IsA|teeth
truck|skis|UsedFor|single person transport
girl|actress|HasA|pay check
king|brother|IsA|female
plug|wheel|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
squirrel|snail|CapableOf|flying
room|bathroom|HasA|diagram on it
lamp|candle|MadeOf|metal
razor|screwdriver|UsedFor|crafts
screws|wheel|CapableOf|destroy a building
butter|milk|UsedFor|recipes 
flea|turtle|HasA|walking
nurse|man|CapableOf|bear a child
jeans|skirt|HasA|sleeves
cousin|father|IsA|family member
hose|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
raccoon|squirrel|IsA|otter
tape|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
tray|wheel|AtLocation|on car
necklace|coat|CapableOf|be worn
tray|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
trombone|bagpipe|HasA|reed to make it work
ankle|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
thermometer|coat|MadeOf|threads
mixer|stereo|CapableOf|be turned on
wheelbarrow|pants|UsedFor|transporting things
pen|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
apartment|hut|IsA|relatively small
groundhog|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
tank|grenade|HasProperty|made for violence
zebra|camel|HasA|antlers/tusks
cousin|actress|HasProperty|male
butterfly|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
turtle|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
mother|aunt|HasA|blood relation with you
room|bathroom|UsedFor|working with computer
spatula|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
spade|bed|HasProperty|alive
princess|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
coat|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
shoulder|wrist|MadeOf|a whole body part
coat|shirt|UsedFor|transporting things
piano|clarinet|HasA|strings
boy|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
lemon|lime|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
fan|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
cow|horse|IsA|carnivore 
stick|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
onions|duck|IsA|food
tray|plate|HasA|round shape
catfish|trout|HasA|legs/tentacles 
nail|bone|IsA|limb
catfish|tuna|HasA|red shell when cooked
door|curtains|CapableOf|open/close
saucer|bowl|CapableOf|float 
rattlesnake|flea|HasA|walking
cottage|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
sled|yacht|HasA|wheels
toilet|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
paintbrush|crayon|UsedFor|drawing or painting
lamp|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
room|floor|AtLocation|outside of a home
scissors|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for drawing
skirt|pants|IsA|piece of clothing
cat|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
salmon|trout|HasA|fins
gun|rope|IsA|vessel
mink|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
olive|cheese|PartOf|eating
elk|mink|CapableOf|be held 
broccoli|garlic|UsedFor|meat replacement
ladle|fridge|MadeOf|steel mostly
pen|spatula|CapableOf|be used for hair
pelican|hawk|IsA|sea bird
wheel|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
wheel|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
cow|rabbit|IsA|teeth
snail|ant|AtLocation|nature
cousin|nurse|IsA|female
tin|metal|CapableOf|burn
knees|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
rocket|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
leopard|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
chocolate|sandwich|IsA|liquid
avocado|corn|UsedFor|meat replacement
rabbit|otter|HasA|long tail
garlic|cheese|CapableOf|spices
donkey|goat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
caterpillar|spider|CapableOf|fly 
rope|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
room|hand|PartOf|house
raccoon|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
pony|cat|HasProperty|fluffy
pencil|crayon|IsA|construction tool
skin|body|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
clamp|fan|CapableOf|provide water
camel|donkey|AtLocation|pet store
butterfly|worm|CapableOf|fly
apartment|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
dress|scarf|IsA|home appliance
ankle|knee|PartOf|upper body
tank|truck|AtLocation|in water
pipe|barrel|AtLocation|at home
elephant|iguana|IsA|amphibian
avocado|celery|HasProperty|green
lobster|salmon|IsA|mollusk
bucket|kettle|IsA|cylinder
mink|skunk|MadeOf|green
sled|sailboat|UsedFor|riding on water
wood|metal|IsA|bottle
rabbit|cow|HasA|eating
wasp|squirrel|HasA|walking
pants|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
cabin|bungalow|IsA|red home
trout|salmon|HasA|shell
elbow|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
cart|zebra|HasA|long neck
tray|cigarette|CapableOf|generate light
mixer|rocker|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
skunk|squirrel|CapableOf|attack human
gorilla|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
eel|octopus|IsA|black and white
necklace|skirt|IsA|home appliance
frog|donkey|HasA|fur
raccoon|mink|HasA|long ears
trousers|wheelbarrow|HasA|wheel
rock|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
pear|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
caribou|cheetah|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
spoon|blender|UsedFor|washing dishes
skunk|glass|IsA|fragile
inn|building|HasProperty|for the rich
fan|bolts|IsA|digital device
worm|flea|IsA|plant
porcupine|squirrel|CapableOf|attack human
cottage|house|HasA|own altar
onions|beans|UsedFor|cleaning
wasp|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
skunk|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
butter|sandwich|IsA|liquid
goat|camel|CapableOf|be domesticated
frog|rabbit|IsA|household pet
beaver|skunk|HasProperty|originated from north america
cottage|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
girl|worker|IsA|noun
shoes|pants|CapableOf|keep legs warm
pliers|razor|MadeOf|writing
groundhog|mole|IsA|herbivore
shoulder|leg|PartOf|an appendage
mole|deer|IsA|predator
stereo|radio|CapableOf|consume electricity
ant|moth|IsA|colorful 
skateboard|car|UsedFor|water
shoes|boots|UsedFor|feet
toe|elbow|AtLocation|on head
trumpet|trombone|HasA|reed to make it work
whisky|soup|IsA|liquid
thigh|toe|HasProperty|lower body
banana|plum|PartOf|a red the color of
door|carpet|UsedFor|lighting
vulture|eagle|HasA|large wingspan
toe|thigh|CapableOf|carrying objects
lobster|mackerel|IsA|water animal
inn|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
pencil|brush|MadeOf|only metal
clarinet|harmonica|HasA|keys
stick|spatula|HasA|sharp edge
avocado|pear|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
raspberry|prune|IsA|fruit
church|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
skunk|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
tractor|buggy|HasA|wheels
skunk|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
groundhog|squirrel|HasA|long ears
harpsichord|trumpet|HasA|keys
typewriter|knife|UsedFor|drawing or painting
shirt|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
pants|trousers|AtLocation|upper part of body
bagpipe|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
bag|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
falcon|kite|HasProperty|a predator
wife|actress|HasProperty|a picture of a female
coyote|deer|HasProperty|living in water
raspberry|plum|IsA|fruit
cello|trumpet|HasA|keys
cougar|hyena|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
car|tractor|HasA|an engine
screws|plate|AtLocation|at home
cow|squirrel|HasA|tail
cherry|raspberry|HasA|edible skin
hawk|eagle|HasA|long beak
skin|elbow|AtLocation|inside
father|girlfriend|IsA|female
wheel|tray|UsedFor|storing wine
grenade|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
muscle|liver|AtLocation|in the torso
camel|cougar|IsA|predator 
stereo|mixer|IsA|related to music 
shoes|jacket|IsA|typically female clothing item
hut|tent|HasProperty|part of a plane
turtle|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
scissors|paintbrush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
caterpillar|wasp|CapableOf|fly
stick|brush|PartOf|drawing
wine|sauce|HasProperty|a liquid
buzzard|dove|HasA|large wing span
skunk|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
squirrel|skunk|HasA|hair/fur
tap|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
bathroom|window|AtLocation|in your apartment
screwdriver|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
scissors|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
banana|avocado|IsA|physical fruit or veg
coyote|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
wife|daughter|IsA|direct relation
rocket|barrel|UsedFor|building
neck|shoulder|UsedFor|a fight
candle|chandelier|MadeOf|/contain glass
coyote|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
rifle|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
paintbrush|screwdriver|AtLocation|construction site
banana|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
tank|shotgun|HasProperty|tiger
sandwich|bacon|HasA|vegetables
house|cottage|IsA|religious place
wrist|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
rope|wheel|CapableOf|hold water
thigh|leg|AtLocation|below the waist 
inn|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
snail|beetle|PartOf|water
sheep|cow|UsedFor|a source of milk
boots|shoes|UsedFor|warming upper body
clamp|hose|MadeOf|paper
fridge|rock|MadeOf|maybe
fingers|finger|PartOf|the upper body
daughter|woman|HasProperty|female
comb|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
mixer|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
butterfly|flea|IsA|plant
knife|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
blender|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
eel|squid|AtLocation|at sea
bridge|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
squirrel|frog|IsA|insect
gun|rifle|UsedFor|harm
squirrel|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
deer|elk|PartOf|herd
skateboard|truck|UsedFor|single person transport
hut|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
nurse|girlfriend|HasProperty|a picture of a female
skirt|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
deer|horse|HasA|horn on head
floor|bathroom|AtLocation|outside of a home
pen|paintbrush|UsedFor|drawing or painting
cannon|gun|UsedFor|harm
mouth|finger|IsA|part of the body
grenade|cannon|CapableOf|use electricity
woman|nurse|IsA|person
prune|plum|HasProperty|purple
shrimp|crab|HasA|fins
squirrel|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
pony|donkey|IsA|something a farmer would own
elephant|pony|UsedFor|human transport
woman|daughter|CapableOf|become pregnant 
onions|corn|HasA|any green on it 
clamp|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
moth|butterfly|IsA|bug
banjo|trumpet|MadeOf|wood
leg|fingers|PartOf|house
room|floor|CapableOf|be used home
cranberry|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
body|elbow|HasA|bones
bungalow|cottage|IsA|place to live permanently
elephant|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
leg|arm|AtLocation|on head
beetle|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
finger|hand|PartOf|the upper body
meat|chocolate|AtLocation|in the ground
trousers|pants|PartOf|lower waistline
kettle|dishwasher|IsA|appliance
raspberry|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
duck|goat|IsA|food
shirt|coat|AtLocation|over your knees
snail|cockroach|HasA|wings
butterfly|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
toe|foot|AtLocation|below waist
pipe|screws|MadeOf|metal/steel
boots|shoes|PartOf|lower waistline
rope|radio|HasA|a type of metal
mouse|frog|IsA|common pet
tiger|zebra|HasA|long neck
chisel|pencil|MadeOf|writing
tap|tape|MadeOf|metal
gorilla|giraffe|AtLocation|in water
pear|garlic|HasA|stone 
catfish|eel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
throat|tongue|HasProperty|used affected during make up
girl|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
drill|brush|HasProperty|cutting
scissors|stick|IsA|construction tool
comb|scissors|CapableOf|be used for drawing
foot|leg|AtLocation|upper body
father|nurse|HasProperty|a picture of a female
arm|forearm|PartOf|upper body
octopus|asparagus|IsA|black and white
crocodile|tiger|IsA|has horns
actress|nurse|PartOf|hospital staff
skateboard|buggy|UsedFor|land suitable one
cow|tiger|HasA| mane (hair on it)
walls|roof|PartOf|body
peach|cranberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
octopus|shrimp|IsA|black and white
goat|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
comb|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
deer|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
caterpillar|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
pliers|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
jet|balloon|IsA| mode of transportation 
window|room|PartOf|building
grapefruit|cranberry|IsA|fruit
cigarette|tray|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
scooter|tractor|MadeOf|metal
actress|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
mouth|neck|PartOf|makeup regimen
otter|squirrel|HasProperty|4 letters long
broccoli|onions|IsA|purple vegetable
princess|actress|PartOf|close blood relative
skirt|socks|AtLocation|on lower body
typewriter|pliers|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cat|worm|HasA|walking
tiger|crocodile|HasA|stripes
magazine|fan|CapableOf|provide water
plum|pear|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
rattlesnake|raccoon|HasA|horn
rifle|tank|UsedFor|harm
carpet|wall|CapableOf|contain items
trousers|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
harpsichord|bagpipe|HasA|keys
finger|neck|HasProperty|something humans have two of
sister|mother|IsA|direct relation
pony|sheep|HasProperty|fluffy
kettle|ladle|CapableOf|make things cold
bolts|stereo|AtLocation|kitchen
elephant|snail|IsA|reptile
raccoon|coyote|HasA|hair/fur
tractor|bike|UsedFor|eating
chandelier|mirror|HasProperty|something to be worn
ant|worm|IsA|plant
skis|raft|MadeOf|metal
avocado|pear|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
man|boy|HasA|friends on it
sailboat|canoe|AtLocation|in water
deer|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
daughter|cousin|IsA|car
ceiling|bathroom|PartOf|body
tower|floor|AtLocation|above your head
mother|boy|IsA|person
nail|hair|AtLocation|below your waist
room|deck|HasProperty|vertical
frog|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
bar|bathroom|IsA|part of a building
beer|liquor|UsedFor|drinking
pipe|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
scissors|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rabbit|hare|HasA|hooves
squirrel|flea|CapableOf|flying
rabbit|squirrel|IsA|mammal
roof|tower|CapableOf|be opened/closed
window|ceiling|HasProperty|an enclosed space
porcupine|skunk|HasA|horn
finger|neck|AtLocation|in your upper body
arm|neck|AtLocation|inside
skirt|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
bacon|salad|HasProperty|eaten for breakfast
actress|mother|HasA|pay check
grapefruit|prune|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
wall|curtains|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
plug|faucet|PartOf|tire
banana|prune|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
salad|steak|UsedFor|dinner
flute|banjo|IsA|brass instrument
pliers|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
freezer|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
deck|window|PartOf|house
owl|duck|HasA|large wingspan
coat|shirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
goat|tomato|MadeOf|red
jeep|wheel|MadeOf|metal
necklace|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
harmonica|piano|HasA|reed to make it work
shoulder|neck|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
sauce|sugar|IsA|diary food
cow|deer|IsA|teeth
kettle|tray|MadeOf|ceramic materials
buffalo|crocodile|IsA|type of cat
raccoon|squirrel|CapableOf|running fast
canoe|boat|AtLocation|in there
magazine|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
garlic|eggplant|HasProperty|green (most part)
blouse|necklace|CapableOf|be worn
pipe|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
beans|avocado|HasProperty|yellow or orange
skunk|mink|IsA|otter
cheese|lemon|PartOf|eating
knees|thigh|HasProperty|lower body
rope|plate|UsedFor|building
leopard|cheetah|PartOf|the cat family
window|room|HasA|diagram on it
rock|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
trombone|clarinet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
screws|tank|CapableOf|transport liquids
socks|pants|AtLocation|on lower body
scooter|wheel|CapableOf|roll
mole|squirrel|CapableOf|attack human
salad|meat|CapableOf|fry
oak|barn|UsedFor|human living
beetle|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
carpet|bedroom|PartOf|the entrance to a room
plate|grenade|CapableOf|contain water
avocado|peach|HasProperty|yellow
mother|cousin|IsA|sibling
closet|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
skirt|jeans|HasA|sleeves
microwave|rocker|CapableOf|working
scissors|screwdriver|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
boy|actress|IsA|head
cod|eel|HasA|legs
wheel|plate|UsedFor|storing wine
truck|tank|UsedFor|land suitable one
scissors|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
belt|rope|UsedFor|restraining things
rocket|grenade|HasA|wheels
arm|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
squirrel|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
bison|tiger|IsA|carnivore 
cougar|ox|HasA|thick body
room|deck|PartOf|body
skunk|rabbit|HasA|hooves
drill|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
potato|onions|HasProperty|furry
saxophone|trombone|IsA|brass instrument
catfish|trout|HasA|legs
toe|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
cherry|peach|HasA|stone 
parakeet|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
bed|inn|IsA|religious place
parakeet|starling|HasA|large wing span
vulture|pigeon|CapableOf|fly
pineapple|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
stick|pen|UsedFor|grooming
toilet|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
donkey|deer|HasA| mane (hair on it)
raccoon|skunk|IsA|rodent
clarinet|trombone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
screwdriver|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for drawing
hare|beaver|CapableOf|hunt other animals
pants|coat|HasProperty|worn on the neck
boots|trousers|PartOf|pair
ankle|neck|IsA|part of the skeleton
thigh|leg|HasProperty|below the waist 
leg|toe|AtLocation|upper body
brother|daughter|IsA|title
forearm|shoulder|PartOf|upper body
garlic|olive|IsA|fruit
knife|pliers|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
sink|kettle|CapableOf|make things cold
worker|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
bolts|tap|MadeOf|paper
skateboard|truck|UsedFor|eating
lantern|thermometer|IsA|home appliance
cello|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
rocker|mixer|UsedFor|music related entertainment
leg|toe|CapableOf|carrying objects
soup|bacon|HasA|vegetables
chandelier|lantern|HasProperty|something to be worn
cousin|princess|IsA|direct or immediate relation
trombone|trumpet|CapableOf|be blown into
skis|bike|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
trousers|bag|HasA|sleeves
flute|bagpipe|HasA|strings
bag|pants|UsedFor|transporting things
dog|donkey|IsA|something a farmer would own
coyote|mink|HasA|hair/fur
spatula|drill|HasA|sharp edge
bone|muscle|AtLocation|on the inside
crayon|pliers|PartOf|drawing
coyote|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
trumpet|flute|PartOf|strings
broom|birch|IsA|weapon
cousin|man|IsA|professional
rock|magazine|UsedFor|listening to music
birch|pine|IsA|tree
rock|hose|MadeOf|paper
necklace|thermometer|CapableOf|generate light
nurse|woman|UsedFor|transportation
plug|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
hand|elbow|UsedFor|waving
pen|screwdriver|IsA|cuting
bolts|rope|CapableOf|be used in home
tuba|harp|HasA|keys
jeep|tractor|UsedFor|farming
plug|mixer|MadeOf|metal
drill|wheel|CapableOf|transport liquids
arm|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
skateboard|canoe|MadeOf|metal
knife|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
eye|skin|AtLocation|below the knee
clock|dress|UsedFor|wearing
sailboat|boat|CapableOf|carry multiple people
mirror|cigarette|HasProperty|something to be worn
leg|neck|PartOf|human body
car|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
faucet|hose|UsedFor|entertainment
mother|princess|IsA|female
radio|fan|MadeOf|steel
eel|lobster|HasA|red shell when cooked
supper|meal|UsedFor|dinner
elk|deer|CapableOf|go underground
sandwich|bacon|UsedFor|dinner
pants|blouse|UsedFor|wearing
rocket|hose|IsA|firearm
prince|daughter|IsA|direct relation
cranberry|pear|IsA|red  or orang
sailboat|raft|UsedFor|eating
razor|chisel|UsedFor|crafts
saucer|balloon|UsedFor|transportation
lantern|candle|UsedFor|a light source
tank|cannon|UsedFor|bullets
jacket|gown|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
giraffe|cart|AtLocation|in africa
strainer|pipe|PartOf|any of various units of 
toe|body|PartOf|the images displayed
jet|bowl|CapableOf|float 
leg|walls|PartOf|house
neck|elbow|PartOf|upper body
comb|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
cousin|father|IsA|family
avocado|corn|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
horse|tiger|CapableOf|fly
comb|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
banana|pineapple|IsA|physical fruit or veg
giraffe|hyena|IsA|has horns
bison|elephant|IsA|has horns
skateboard|truck|AtLocation|in water
crocodile|elephant|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
spatula|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
wife|woman|HasProperty|royalty
typewriter|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
shoulder|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
bungalow|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
paintbrush|pencil|PartOf|what is your name this
rifle|grenade|HasProperty|tiger
blouse|jacket|IsA|worn on the lower body
plug|rock|CapableOf|be turned on
lamp|candle|HasProperty|something to be worn
olive|coconut|IsA|fruit
mink|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
barrel|cannon|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
bar|walls|UsedFor|working with computer
violin|cello|HasProperty|played with a bow
brow|throat|UsedFor|eating
cougar|camel|HasA|horn or antler
strainer|barrel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
bathroom|window|PartOf|a house
beer|wine|UsedFor|drinking
salad|meat|UsedFor|recipes 
arm|forearm|IsA|plural
squirrel|elephant|IsA|common pet
chicken|mackerel|HasA|red shell when cooked
coyote|squirrel|IsA|mammal
barrel|screws|CapableOf|used in war
rabbit|chicken|IsA|meat or animal
caterpillar|turtle|CapableOf|flying
stork|woodpecker|CapableOf|be a household pet
pear|grapefruit|PartOf|group or bunch 
shoes|jeans|PartOf|pair
pen|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
wife|aunt|IsA|younger person
screws|hose|IsA|firearm
woman|man|HasProperty|steel
vulture|falcon|HasA|start with a p
tape|wheel|UsedFor|a vehicle
dog|frog|UsedFor|human transport
sailboat|raft|HasA|wheels
stove|blender|IsA|electrical appliance
screwdriver|chisel|PartOf|drawing
supper|bean|HasProperty|mainly meat
barrel|strainer|MadeOf|metal
dress|shoes|IsA|piece of clothing
porcupine|hare|HasA|hooves
porcupine|deer|CapableOf|go underground
cupboard|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
bolts|wheel|IsA|digital device
roof|ceiling|PartOf|another card 
cranberry|strawberry|HasA|edible skin
rocker|mixer|IsA|digital device
inn|cottage|UsedFor|relaxing
hose|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
brush|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
tape|tap|IsA|digital device
worker|actress|IsA|car
rattlesnake|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
man|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
rocker|fan|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
beans|cherry|HasProperty|green
trumpet|bagpipe|HasA|keys
toe|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
stick|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
meat|sugar|UsedFor|dessert
bed|sofa|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
aunt|mother|CapableOf|be a lady
pony|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
elephant|bison|IsA|type of big cat
eagle|kite|HasA|large wingspan
donkey|dog|HasProperty|fluffy
cockroach|flea|IsA|plant
boat|car|UsedFor|single person transport
bed|sofa|CapableOf|contain items
pipe|wheel|HasProperty|part of a car
apartment|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
boy|wife|IsA|family member
wife|daughter|HasProperty|male
vulture|falcon|HasA|large wing span
floor|bathroom|CapableOf|be used home
bagpipe|trumpet|HasA|reed to make it work
mixer|hose|HasA|a type of metal
trout|tuna|IsA|name begging with c
hose|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
comb|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
banana|garlic|IsA|berry
squirrel|turtle|IsA|bug
sheep|cat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
toe|leg|AtLocation|on lower body
turtle|alligator|HasA|four feet
fan|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
fridge|dishwasher|CapableOf|be held in your hand
alligator|squirrel|HasA|legs
bison|elephant|HasA|antlers
typewriter|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
door|cupboard|CapableOf|can you sit on it
clarinet|flute|PartOf|strings
saxophone|flute|CapableOf|be played with mouth
cat|sheep|AtLocation|pet store
gun|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
brush|pencil|CapableOf|print
supper|soup|HasA|vegetable(s)
vulture|eagle|HasProperty|a predator
pony|frog|IsA|something a farmer would own
ceiling|window|HasA|diagram on it
foot|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
pigeon|duck|CapableOf|attack others
donkey|horse|HasA|hooves
body|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
rabbit|goat|AtLocation|in water
plum|grapefruit|IsA|bitter fruit
bar|window|PartOf|house
grapefruit|cherry|PartOf|group or bunch 
elbow|shoulder|UsedFor|walking
faucet|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
leg|nail|IsA|limb
bagpipe|trumpet|HasA|strings
avocado|raspberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
moth|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
wheel|bike|UsedFor|eating
spatula|drill|MadeOf|writing
barn|building|HasA|start with a b
pelican|falcon|IsA|alive 
giraffe|zebra|HasA|horn
sauce|potatoes|AtLocation|in the ground
bed|bedroom|CapableOf|be opened and closed
skirt|blouse|UsedFor|transporting things
skirt|thermometer|MadeOf|threads
ant|wasp|HasA|no legs
skunk|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
screwdriver|chisel|CapableOf|print
scissors|pen|MadeOf|writing
raccoon|mole|HasProperty|living in water
beans|olive|IsA|fruit
trousers|socks|AtLocation|on lower body
shoes|trousers|IsA|typically female clothing item
man|boy|IsA|male
strawberry|plum|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
wasp|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
crayon|pencil|MadeOf|graphite
saucer|bowl|IsA| mode of transportation 
body|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
bone|liver|IsA|cancer related card
elephant|deer|IsA|type of big cat
radio|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
bolts|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
spider|worm|IsA|plant
grenade|rifle|HasA|trigger
mirror|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
rock|rope|HasA|a type of metal
lime|cherry|UsedFor|testy
bean|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
tank|strainer|PartOf|any of various units of 
zebra|eel|IsA|fish
wrist|fingers|PartOf|upper body
clamp|rock|IsA|related to music 
falcon|hawk|CapableOf|attack others
stove|kettle|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
rattlesnake|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
cherry|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
catfish|trout|IsA|card facing left
body|nail|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
camel|bison|CapableOf|carry a adult human
cow|goat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
cigarette|mirror|UsedFor|providing light
elephant|caribou|MadeOf|a living thing
wheel|jeep|AtLocation|in there
sack|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
coconut|olive|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
hawk|falcon|HasA|wings
skin|eye|AtLocation|on head
butterfly|cockroach|HasProperty|an insect
zebra|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
truck|wheel|AtLocation|in water
chisel|brush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
kettle|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
shoulder|neck|MadeOf|upper body parts
buffalo|bison|HasA|spots or stripes
skunk|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
skirt|jeans|AtLocation|upper part of body
duck|goat|MadeOf|something edible
neck|leg|IsA|joint
sailboat|bike|AtLocation|in there
ceiling|room|HasProperty|enclosed
cod|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
tiger|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
sailboat|wheel|HasA|an engine
rocker|stereo|IsA|related to music 
boots|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
lemon|orange|CapableOf|bitter
cousin|woman|HasProperty|male
plug|tape|IsA|related to music 
pliers|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
fingers|toe|PartOf|upper body
rabbit|raccoon|IsA|predator
aunt|wife|CapableOf|become pregnant 
sister|cousin|HasA|green item of clothing
avocado|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
pencil|stick|MadeOf|writing
beer|sauce|IsA|liquid
bridge|chapel|HasA|own altar
jet|helicopter|IsA| mode of transportation 
lips|neck|IsA|(one of five) human senses
tray|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
elephant|rabbit|HasA|tail
hose|drill|UsedFor|harm
duck|lamb|IsA|animal
beetle|butterfly|CapableOf|fly
finger|toe|PartOf|the upper body
screws|tray|PartOf|any of various units of 
trousers|skirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
salad|wine|IsA|diary food
drill|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
microwave|fridge|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
wheelbarrow|shirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
tower|bar|IsA|body part
strainer|tray|MadeOf|metal
rabbit|raccoon|HasA|hair/fur
robe|cloak|HasProperty|something that can be worn
bike|car|UsedFor|snow
barrel|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
corn|garlic|HasA|seeds
foot|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
shield|skirt|HasProperty|something that is worn
donkey|rabbit|AtLocation|jungle
piano|banjo|CapableOf|be played with mouth
arm|hand|AtLocation|upper body
crocodile|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
jeep|tank|AtLocation|in water
elbow|nail|AtLocation|inside
buffalo|bison|HasA|hooves
rabbit|elk|IsA|predator
sink|kettle|AtLocation|on a countertop
tray|tank|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
cranberry|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
raccoon|rabbit|CapableOf|hunt other animals
snail|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
cabin|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
rock|fridge|CapableOf|working
tape|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
cottage|house|HasA|start with a b
bolts|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
scissors|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
crab|shrimp|HasA|fins
trumpet|trombone|UsedFor|sound
clock|mirror|IsA|home appliance
pony|horse|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
dog|bison|UsedFor|human transport
cranberry|coconut|IsA|physical fruit or veg
tap|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
snail|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
cat|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
princess|girl|IsA|female (strictly)
kettle|door|UsedFor|making food
pants|dress|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
fan|fridge|CapableOf|working
hawk|duck|HasA|large wingspan
tap|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
cupboard|bedroom|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
rocker|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
octopus|shrimp|IsA|water animal
knife|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for hair
chisel|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
blouse|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
donkey|camel|HasA| mane (hair on it)
rope|faucet|CapableOf|work without electricity
fridge|freezer|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
trombone|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
truck|wheel|UsedFor|eating
beaver|hare|CapableOf|hunt other animals
elephant|ox|AtLocation|in hot climates 
house|apartment|IsA|place to live permanently
groundhog|hare|HasProperty|living in water
tape|mixer|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
mole|raccoon|CapableOf|hunt other animals
pear|banana|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
rock|radio|CapableOf|be use for transportation
drill|pen|CapableOf|print
moth|snail|HasProperty|an insect
trumpet|saxophone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
grapefruit|cherry|IsA|fruit
cow|rabbit|IsA|typical pet
comb|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
rocker|microwave|MadeOf|maybe
raccoon|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
pants|necklace|IsA|home appliance
cougar|bison|IsA|predator 
raspberry|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
dishwasher|toaster|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
mole|skunk|PartOf|plant
razor|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
paintbrush|scissors|UsedFor|writing
screwdriver|scissors|UsedFor|painting
duck|rabbit|IsA|fruit or vegetable
crocodile|snail|HasA|four feet
snail|rattlesnake|HasA| 4 limbs
tomato|olive|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
girl|woman|IsA|female (strictly)
beans|corn|IsA|green vegetable
fan|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
elbow|leg|AtLocation|on your head
screws|hose|UsedFor|harm
butter|meat|MadeOf|cup
cat|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
woodpecker|sparrow|CapableOf|be a household pet
bridge|barn|IsA|religious place
avocado|plum|IsA|long fruit
sink|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
groundhog|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
faucet|tap|IsA|related to music 
tank|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
worm|snail|HasA|wings
guitar|banjo|HasProperty|played with a bow
cat|flea|CapableOf|flying
coconut|tomato|HasProperty|green
buffalo|zebra|HasA|hooves
daughter|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
comb|stick|MadeOf|writing
soup|bean|HasA|meat
steak|liquor|IsA|diary food
typewriter|razor|CapableOf|be used for drawing
wheel|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
garlic|prune|HasA|stone 
thermometer|lantern|IsA|home appliance
bar|leg|PartOf|room
tractor|truck|AtLocation|in there
cottage|inn|UsedFor|religious gatherings
neck|brow|IsA|pink face feature
pen|stick|MadeOf|writing
screwdriver|typewriter|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
barrel|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
porcupine|mink|IsA|mammal
scissors|knife|CapableOf|to paint
elk|groundhog|IsA|herbivore
fan|hose|MadeOf|paper
arm|hand|MadeOf|upper body parts
daughter|father|HasA|blood relationship with you
coconut|strawberry|HasA|stone 
clarinet|saxophone|HasProperty|played with just breath
mouse|cat|CapableOf|kill a human
salad|meat|HasA|green label
father|boy|HasProperty|a profession
fingers|arm|HasA|more than one joint
lime|lemon|IsA|citrus fruit
squirrel|otter|IsA|sad
hand|arm|AtLocation|upper body
sofa|carpet|PartOf|the entrance to a room
fingers|wrist|PartOf|the upper body
turtle|flea|IsA|colorful 
thigh|fingers|IsA|joint
window|tower|PartOf|house
window|ceiling|HasProperty|touches ground
knife|pencil|CapableOf|print
forearm|neck|PartOf|upper body
coat|shirt|HasA|wheel
lime|cucumber|IsA|fruit
lantern|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
donkey|camel|IsA|teeth
neck|arm|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
jeans|pants|HasProperty|usually blue
boots|dress|UsedFor|warming upper body
fan|mixer|MadeOf|metal
avocado|cherry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
spatula|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
alligator|crocodile|CapableOf|be found in the water
daughter|uncle|IsA|royalty
saxophone|clarinet|HasA|valves
pliers|knife|CapableOf|writing
barrel|tank|IsA|vessel
guitar|banjo|MadeOf|strings
barrel|rope|CapableOf|be used in home
frog|rabbit|AtLocation|pet store
raccoon|skunk|HasA|hooves
raspberry|lemon|IsA|fruit
fingers|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
foot|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
raccoon|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
spatula|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mole|raccoon|IsA|mink
perch|cod|HasA|fins
duck|pelican|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
dress|skirt|AtLocation|above the feet
raspberry|cherry|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
body|hair|PartOf|the images displayed
cod|tuna|IsA|water animal
elk|bison|IsA|type of big cat
socks|trousers|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
daughter|son|IsA|direct relation
tank|cannon|UsedFor|shooting
iguana|elephant|HasA|trunk
kidney|skin|IsA|limb
worm|snail|HasA|legs, six or more
screwdriver|pliers|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
elephant|tiger|CapableOf|fly
deer|camel|IsA|carnivore 
brush|scissors|MadeOf|writing
cousin|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
sugar|salad|UsedFor|dessert
daughter|brother|IsA|title
plate|screws|UsedFor|harm
coat|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
carpet|bedroom|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
lemon|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
fan|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
pineapple|lemon|IsA|fruit
coyote|skunk|HasA|long ear
yacht|boat|HasA|wheels
caterpillar|cat|MadeOf|small animals
cherry|lemon|PartOf|eating
yacht|boat|HasProperty|colored red
cello|guitar|MadeOf|strings
wife|princess|HasProperty|male
squirrel|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
pigeon|kite|CapableOf|fly
cranberry|coconut|HasA|stone 
groundhog|rabbit|IsA|mammal
asparagus|eel|AtLocation|on a farm
beetle|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
bolts|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
yacht|car|UsedFor|farming
sheep|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
body|ankle|PartOf|the images displayed
drill|pliers|UsedFor|crafts
ankle|toe|IsA|upper body part
tank|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
worm|frog|AtLocation|nature
strawberry|cranberry|AtLocation|be found on a bush
frog|worm|IsA|colorful 
groundhog|beaver|HasA|hair/fur
sauce|sugar|AtLocation|in the ground
bison|deer|HasA| mane (hair on it)
strainer|tray|PartOf|any of various units of 
beans|coconut|HasA|seeds
boy|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
helicopter|saucer|AtLocation|on water
cat|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
stove|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
crayon|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
door|closet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
coat|gown|IsA|an accessory
sheep|cow|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
boat|bowl|HasA|the ability to fly
elk|mole|HasProperty|living in water
sack|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
rabbit|fawn|IsA|mammal
tractor|buggy|CapableOf|carry multiple people
mink|fawn|IsA|mammal
rock|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
skirt|jeans|IsA|worn on the lower body
sandwich|steak|IsA|diary food
saucer|mug|MadeOf|ceramic materials
hare|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
porcupine|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
trombone|guitar|HasA|strings
moth|snail|IsA|plant
lime|garlic|MadeOf|juice making
zebra|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
sink|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pencil|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
pipe|screws|AtLocation|on car
rope|wheel|IsA|electric 
jacket|skirt|UsedFor|feet
dishwasher|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
donkey|sheep|IsA|something a farmer would own
boy|worker|UsedFor|transportation
raspberry|grapefruit|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
peach|raspberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
kite|dove|HasProperty|a predator
plum|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
squirrel|rabbit|HasA|eating
room|bathroom|AtLocation|at ground level
butter|liquor|IsA|alcohol
raft|scooter|AtLocation|in there
window|ceiling|PartOf|building
boy|mother|IsA|person
crocodile|horse|HasA|fur
frog|turtle|IsA|colorful 
flute|trombone|UsedFor|blowing
mole|skunk|UsedFor|swimming
deck|walls|AtLocation|above your head in general
drill|pen|MadeOf|writing
jeans|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
iguana|alligator|HasA|trunk
camel|horse|HasA| mane (hair on it)
cupboard|freezer|UsedFor|making food
alligator|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
oven|fridge|UsedFor|food
skunk|groundhog|IsA|rodent
dress|shoes|UsedFor|warming upper body
cousin|girl|IsA|profession
carpet|bed|CapableOf|be used to sleep
truck|jeep|UsedFor|eating
doctor|boy|IsA|car
pliers|drill|CapableOf|writing
butter|potatoes|UsedFor|recipes 
mole|squirrel|IsA|otter
cottage|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
chapel|church|IsA|place of worship
screws|pipe|UsedFor|storing wine
worker|boy|IsA|noun
typewriter|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
crocodile|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
clock|candle|IsA|home appliance
typewriter|pen|UsedFor|grooming
wood|paper|MadeOf|animals or plants
peach|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
trumpet|saxophone|HasA|valves
dishwasher|toaster|PartOf|kitchen appliance
rabbit|cow|UsedFor|food products
father|man|IsA|profession
tomato|lemon|IsA|citrus fruit
daughter|wife|IsA|car
girlfriend|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
rope|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
pen|chisel|CapableOf|print
crab|squid|HasA|legs
paintbrush|brush|HasA|bushy tail
bridge|inn|UsedFor|religious gathering
lime|lemon|CapableOf|bitter
pliers|crayon|AtLocation|construction site
strawberry|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
walls|ceiling|HasA|glass
knees|foot|AtLocation|below waist
pen|typewriter|UsedFor|writing
donkey|camel|UsedFor|human transport
jeans|jacket|AtLocation|foot
buggy|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
stick|brush|CapableOf|writing
crocodile|giraffe|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
crayon|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
rattlesnake|elephant|HasA|a shell
screws|plate|UsedFor|storing wine
bridge|bedroom|HasA|start with a b
orange|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
finger|nose|IsA|pink face feature
tractor|skis|UsedFor|eating
pen|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
paintbrush|stick|IsA|construction tool
arm|neck|IsA|on the lower half 
alligator|rattlesnake|IsA|reptile
son|prince|IsA|son of your grandpa
woman|cousin|HasA|a blood relation with you
frog|cockroach|IsA|plant
sheep|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
mother|girl|HasProperty|female
sack|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
jacket|boots|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
cheese|lime|PartOf|eating
ankle|thigh|HasA|nails
wheel|hose|UsedFor|restraining things
fridge|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
roof|tower|PartOf|a house
rope|hose|UsedFor|harm
cod|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
catfish|crab|IsA|water animal
plum|peach|HasProperty|yellow
house|apartment|HasProperty|for the rich
leg|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
meal|bacon|MadeOf|meat
girl|girlfriend|HasA|a blood relation with you
spider|worm|IsA|colorful 
pelican|falcon|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
shoulder|elbow|PartOf|lower body
potatoes|milk|UsedFor|dessert
deer|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
wife|princess|HasA|child
bison|deer|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
cow|rabbit|AtLocation|pet store
daughter|wife|IsA|direct relation
lemon|coconut|CapableOf|bitter
fan|tap|IsA|digital device
groundhog|mink|AtLocation|carnivorous
hair|eye|CapableOf|help you walk
bolts|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
parakeet|owl|HasA|large wingspan
cannon|tank|CapableOf|be held in a hand
salad|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
girlfriend|aunt|HasProperty|a picture of a female
piano|harmonica|HasA|reed to make it work
pants|jeans|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
gorilla|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
goat|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
bathroom|room|UsedFor|decoration
spatula|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
flute|saxophone|IsA|wind instrument
dishwasher|blender|UsedFor|heating items up
jeans|trousers|UsedFor|feet
falcon|hawk|HasA|large wing span
nurse|worker|HasA|head
barrel|wheel|HasProperty|circular
orange|cheese|UsedFor|testy
mirror|chandelier|IsA|nice smelling object
window|floor|CapableOf|be used home
spoon|colander|HasProperty|using electricity
clarinet|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
guitar|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
pistol|screws|CapableOf|be used in home
gun|drill|CapableOf|be used in home
bar|roof|PartOf|building
knife|comb|PartOf|drawing
faucet|clamp|MadeOf|metal
guitar|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
scissors|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bridge|bedroom|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
skirt|trousers|UsedFor|covering legs
closet|cupboard|CapableOf|can you sit on it
tank|tractor|MadeOf|metal
apartment|building|HasProperty|for the rich
skunk|squirrel|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
pliers|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
donkey|elephant|UsedFor|human transport
girlfriend|princess|HasProperty|female
yacht|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
hose|radio|MadeOf|metal
room|bathroom|CapableOf|be used home
banjo|trumpet|MadeOf|metal
cannon|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
fridge|sink|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
caterpillar|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
rabbit|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
ant|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
walls|window|IsA|part of a building
cherry|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothies
potatoes|butter|IsA|liquid
wheel|clamp|HasA|a type of metal
ladle|sink|HasA|power supply
squirrel|rabbit|CapableOf|kill a human
coat|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
neck|foot|IsA|joint
pigeon|kite|CapableOf|be a household pet
razor|crayon|IsA|construction tool
giraffe|tiger|IsA|predator 
coat|pants|HasProperty|worn on the neck
ankle|knee|AtLocation|on lower body
wrist|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
jacket|boots|UsedFor|warming upper body
skunk|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|be used in home
skunk|rabbit|CapableOf|hunt other animals
barn|apartment|IsA|component of a home
octopus|eel|AtLocation|on a farm
pen|pencil|UsedFor|drawing or painting
orange|cherry|IsA|red  or orang
tape|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
mole|porcupine|CapableOf|attack human
son|king|IsA|man
spatula|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
father|cousin|IsA|title
screwdriver|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
dishwasher|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
cart|tiger|IsA|herbivore
plug|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
cow|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
rattlesnake|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
banana|cherry|IsA|fruit
pen|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
mackerel|tuna|IsA|water animal
sugar|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
camel|gorilla|AtLocation|in water
tuba|trombone|HasA|strings
cannon|gun|CapableOf|be launched/fired
rattlesnake|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
building|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
pipe|strainer|HasProperty|circular
oven|stove|IsA|electrical appliance
cat|ant|MadeOf|small animals
man|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
plate|tank|PartOf|any of various units of 
tractor|tank|HasA|wheels
rocket|rope|IsA|firearm
camel|elephant|CapableOf|carry a adult human
arm|hand|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
magazine|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
gun|grenade|IsA|thrown item
jeans|boots|AtLocation|upper part of body
floor|room|AtLocation|outside of a home
lime|orange|IsA|citrus fruit
church|chapel|UsedFor|religious gatherings
actress|princess|HasProperty|male
falcon|vulture|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
floor|walls|PartOf|human body
bungalow|inn|IsA|religious place
worker|aunt|IsA|car
tape|plug|HasA|string or line
boots|jacket|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
neck|arm|UsedFor|holding an apple
mirror|clock|CapableOf|generate light
pants|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
pigeon|kite|IsA|dangerous bird
neck|arm|AtLocation|upper body
tray|pot|HasA|handle
giraffe|crocodile|IsA|object
bolts|wheel|MadeOf|paper
porcupine|elk|CapableOf|live in water
tower|window|UsedFor|decoration
otter|raccoon|IsA|animal with long ears
drill|rope|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
barrel|rocket|HasProperty|tiger
toe|fingers|PartOf|upper body
cod|lobster|IsA|water animal
sack|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
eggplant|corn|IsA|green vegetable 
scissors|brush|HasA|keyboard
knife|spatula|CapableOf|writing
avocado|banana|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
bed|willow|IsA|weapon 
father|son|AtLocation|in a royal family
rabbit|cow|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
rattlesnake|mole|HasProperty|living in water
foot|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
spoon|colander|UsedFor|washing dishes
walls|bathroom|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
girl|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
camel|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
radio|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
zebra|squid|HasA|legs
cousin|father|IsA|royalty
tap|mixer|IsA|digital device
stork|pigeon|CapableOf|be a household pet
plum|avocado|IsA|long fruit
sack|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
salad|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
rifle|cannon|HasProperty|tiger
catfish|mackerel|IsA|water animal
rocker|hose|UsedFor|entertainment
faucet|clamp|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
plate|wheel|AtLocation|on car
dishwasher|fridge|CapableOf|hold water
rocket|wheel|UsedFor|building
cupboard|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
horse|cart|HasA|horn
bungalow|cabin|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
fridge|bed|UsedFor|making food
elephant|alligator|HasA|legs
cheese|orange|PartOf|eating
bungalow|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
mole|groundhog|HasA|horn
elephant|zebra|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
tape|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
deck|ceiling|HasProperty|indoor
doctor|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
knife|spatula|CapableOf|print
spade|spear|IsA|weapon 
pipe|barrel|CapableOf|contain water
meat|butter|AtLocation|in the ground
bridge|bedroom|IsA|religious place
chapel|cottage|IsA|component of a home
shrimp|tuna|AtLocation|at sea
cottage|inn|HasA|start with a b
bed|cupboard|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
actress|girlfriend|IsA|female
pipe|hose|CapableOf|be used in home
comb|brush|HasA|sharp edge
paintbrush|brush|UsedFor|brushing
chapel|cathedral|UsedFor|a place of worship
kettle|blender|CapableOf|be held in your hand
tractor|scooter|UsedFor|land suitable one
ceiling|bathroom|PartOf|human body
prune|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
girl|nurse|IsA|male
rocker|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rocker|magazine|UsedFor|keeping things cool
wood|mink|IsA|bottle
stereo|wheel|MadeOf|metal
hose|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
strawberry|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
tray|kettle|HasA|handle
actress|mother|HasA|the color brown in it
knife|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
hand|arm|HasProperty|upper body
wife|princess|IsA|female (strictly)
giraffe|tiger|HasA|trunk
porcupine|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
deer|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
crocodile|camel|IsA|teeth
pineapple|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
wasp|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
brush|razor|CapableOf|be used for drawing
rope|magazine|IsA|related to music 
tower|roof|HasProperty|indoor
inn|house|HasProperty|for the rich
prune|avocado|HasProperty|red
elbow|neck|UsedFor|holding a cup
comb|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
truck|buggy|MadeOf|metal
mink|skunk|IsA|animal with long ears
buzzard|pigeon|CapableOf|be a household pet
jeep|yacht|UsedFor|eating
soup|bean|HasProperty|mainly meat
scissors|comb|CapableOf|to paint
skirt|jeans|UsedFor|feet protection
eel|mackerel|IsA|name begging with c
crocodile|horse|HasA|trunk
rope|screws|IsA|vessel
salad|chocolate|UsedFor|recipes 
faucet|tap|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
kite|duck|HasA|large wing span
rope|screws|CapableOf|be used in home
shoulder|forearm|HasA|nails
neck|ankle|IsA|part of the skeleton
hose|wheel|HasA|number on it
donkey|camel|CapableOf|be domesticated
pencil|pen|IsA|construction tool
stereo|mixer|AtLocation|at an electronics store
screwdriver|brush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
cupboard|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
plate|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
rabbit|mole|CapableOf|climb trees
cherry|coconut|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
girl|wife|HasProperty|royalty
rattlesnake|coyote|HasA|horn
crab|octopus|HasA|legs/tentacles 
pistol|grenade|HasProperty|made for violence
raft|sailboat|HasA|engine
knife|paintbrush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
groundhog|raccoon|CapableOf|be held 
toe|ankle|AtLocation|below waist
magazine|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
tower|roof|UsedFor|decoration
magazine|fan|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
barn|hut|IsA|religious place
mink|raccoon|CapableOf|climb on tree
radio|mixer|UsedFor|electronic uses
turtle|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
cigarette|chandelier|CapableOf|give off light/glow
crayon|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
woman|aunt|HasProperty|female
tap|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
bison|ox|MadeOf|a living thing
sauce|butter|UsedFor|dessert
bathroom|tower|PartOf|room
jeans|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
bike|skis|AtLocation|in there
roof|tower|HasProperty|indoor
crocodile|rabbit|IsA|teeth
aunt|daughter|UsedFor|a married person
moth|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
beaver|raccoon|HasA|horn
skunk|squirrel|IsA|otter
pony|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
pants|jacket|UsedFor|transporting things
arm|finger|AtLocation|below waist
bolts|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
kettle|blender|HasA|electrical parts
walls|ceiling|PartOf|house
cockroach|wasp|HasA|walking
bone|kidney|AtLocation|in the torso
finger|tongue|IsA|(one of five) human senses
bathroom|ceiling|PartOf|building
cherry|prune|HasProperty|sweet
lemon|prune|IsA|physical fruit or veg
rope|wheel|CapableOf|store or transport water
tent|house|IsA|religious place
boy|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
orange|peach|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
goat|chicken|IsA|food
tuna|trout|IsA|water animal
piano|clarinet|IsA|wind instrument
lime|celery|HasProperty|green
socks|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
deer|rabbit|UsedFor|a mode of transport
trombone|accordion|HasA|reed to make it work
grapefruit|orange|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
arm|hand|HasProperty|upper body
barrel|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
plum|grapefruit|HasProperty|red
gate|bridge|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
microwave|magazine|CapableOf|working
tray|mug|MadeOf|metal
fan|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
wheel|bolts|UsedFor|entertainment
horse|giraffe|HasA|horn
blender|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
grenade|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
grenade|bolts|CapableOf|use electricity
lime|olive|CapableOf|delicious
tray|bucket|MadeOf|ceramic materials
porcupine|mink|CapableOf|go underground
truck|tank|UsedFor|farming
potatoes|meat|UsedFor|desserts
fingers|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
bowl|boat|AtLocation|in the air
skunk|coyote|HasA|horn
drill|gun|IsA|vessel
snail|butterfly|HasA|no legs
pen|screwdriver|AtLocation|construction site
forearm|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
mackerel|perch|IsA|card facing left
paintbrush|scissors|PartOf|drawing
sauce|milk|AtLocation|in the ground
broom|willow|IsA|tree
arm|toe|AtLocation|on your head
pistol|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
fawn|raccoon|IsA|predator
cow|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
elephant|gorilla|HasA|horn
king|uncle|IsA|male
cousin|mother|HasA|blood relation with you
skateboard|skis|CapableOf|be used in snow
scooter|bike|HasA|an engine
scooter|bike|HasProperty|consuming fuel
rabbit|frog|HasA|eating
bathroom|walls|UsedFor|decoration
alligator|beaver|HasA|horn
cigarette|chandelier|CapableOf|move
hare|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
fan|rocker|UsedFor|food
worker|man|HasA|friends on it
pipe|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
ox|hyena|UsedFor|travel
bison|giraffe|HasA|antlers/tusks
soup|butter|IsA|liquid
kettle|mug|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
lamp|candle|UsedFor|lighting
sauce|chocolate|UsedFor|desserts
rabbit|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
toe|arm|AtLocation|inside
cherry|pear|IsA|long fruit
shoulder|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
gown|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
boat|truck|HasProperty|consuming fuel
foot|knees|AtLocation|upper body
squirrel|skunk|CapableOf|attack human
bean|soup|HasProperty|two syllables
otter|raccoon|HasA|big ears
spoon|ladle|CapableOf|hold water
screws|hose|UsedFor|restraining things
rabbit|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
wife|woman|CapableOf|become pregnant 
hose|drill|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
stick|spatula|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
gate|house|UsedFor|a place of worship
cousin|aunt|IsA|female
crayon|pen|CapableOf|make holes 
stereo|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
wheelbarrow|sack|IsA|an accessory
jeep|car|HasA|two rows of seats
wheelbarrow|jeans|HasA|wheel
necklace|clock|UsedFor|wearing
tiger|horse|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
prune|banana|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
groundhog|hare|CapableOf|hunt other animals
grenade|gun|HasProperty|made for violence
snail|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
truck|car|HasA|an engine
deer|mole|IsA|herbivore
duck|lamb|IsA|fruit or vegetable
typewriter|spatula|UsedFor|crafts
car|skis|UsedFor|land suitable one
elephant|camel|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
blender|tray|AtLocation|on a countertop
cat|squirrel|IsA|insect
clamp|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
rabbit|lamb|IsA|fruit or vegetable
bed|bedroom|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
boat|canoe|AtLocation|in there
wasp|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
pen|crayon|CapableOf|print
rock|magazine|CapableOf|be turned on
inn|cabin|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
banana|raspberry|IsA|bitter fruit
bison|zebra|IsA|type of cat
screws|wheel|IsA|firearm
plate|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
fridge|sink|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
goat|potato|AtLocation|in water
rope|mixer|HasA|string or line
razor|spatula|MadeOf|writing
window|leg|PartOf|house
snail|wasp|IsA|colorful 
mole|groundhog|IsA|mammal
cat|frog|AtLocation|pet store
screws|wheel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
room|floor|UsedFor|working with computer
elk|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
dog|goat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tape|stereo|AtLocation|kitchen
mother|sister|PartOf|close blood relative
sack|pants|UsedFor|transporting things
donkey|goat|IsA|carnivore 
flute|guitar|HasA|keyboard
window|room|CapableOf|be opened/closed
bowl|saucer|AtLocation|in water
rabbit|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
elk|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
pants|dress|PartOf|lower waistline
tuna|salmon|HasA|shell
wrist|arm|PartOf|pair/no more than two
cousin|father|IsA|child
bison|buffalo|HasA|spots or stripes
metal|glass|CapableOf|burn
cherry|avocado|IsA|fruit
doctor|father|IsA|car
stick|scissors|PartOf|drawing
skirt|blouse|IsA|accessory
tap|faucet|HasA|a type of metal
raspberry|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
nurse|actress|HasA|the color brown in it
mole|hare|AtLocation|carnivorous
skateboard|wheel|HasA|an engine
pliers|typewriter|UsedFor|hair
cougar|elk|MadeOf|a living thing
camel|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
pipe|bolts|CapableOf|use electricity
horse|cat|IsA|something a farmer would own
room|tower|UsedFor|tiling
dishwasher|blender|HasProperty|electrically powered
spatula|knife|PartOf|drawing
alligator|crocodile|HasA|trunk
raspberry|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
giraffe|caribou|IsA|predator 
trousers|bag|UsedFor|transporting things
fan|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
jacket|gown|HasA|sleeves
brother|uncle|IsA|man
house|inn|IsA|permanent structure
drill|chisel|MadeOf|writing
skirt|gown|UsedFor|transporting things
oven|dishwasher|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
rabbit|sheep|IsA|something a farmer would own
father|woman|IsA|female
pipe|grenade|IsA|vessel
shirt|blouse|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
prune|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
avocado|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
cello|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
bolts|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
cat|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
hut|inn|IsA|place to live permanently
tuna|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
flute|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
giraffe|elephant|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
tiger|dog|HasProperty|carnivorous
rabbit|cow|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
beaver|hare|HasA|hooves
daughter|boy|IsA|profession
sugar|sauce|UsedFor|desserts
cow|donkey|IsA|something a farmer would own
lamp|candle|HasProperty|quite small
wrist|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
shoulder|neck|IsA|joint
tiger|gorilla|HasA|hooves
blouse|skirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
skunk|hare|PartOf|herd
wheel|bolts|IsA|digital device
hyena|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
beaver|raccoon|AtLocation|underground
tractor|truck|HasA|wheels
tank|bike|HasA|wheels
actress|cousin|HasProperty|male
elephant|sheep|HasA|fur
raft|boat|AtLocation|in water
father|brother|IsA|royalty
sheep|pony|AtLocation|pet store
arm|leg|PartOf|room
forearm|elbow|PartOf|upper body
shrimp|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
faucet|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
actress|cousin|IsA|male
helicopter|balloon|CapableOf|fly
perch|chicken|IsA|fish
boat|jet|UsedFor|transportation
body|neck|AtLocation|inside
dress|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
woodpecker|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
arm|elbow|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
banana|pear|IsA|more than one fruit
aunt|wife|HasProperty|a picture of a female
coconut|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
arm|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
pigeon|hawk|HasA|wings
avocado|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
arm|window|PartOf|house
hare|deer|CapableOf|live in water
lamp|chandelier|UsedFor|wearing
starling|duck|HasProperty|a predator
mother|nurse|UsedFor|food
knife|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
avocado|olive|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
deer|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
sheep|donkey|IsA|carnivore 
chandelier|candle|HasProperty|makes light
bucket|kettle|CapableOf|be held to drink
toilet|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
pencil|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
pants|jacket|IsA|typically female clothing item
plum|pear|HasA|edible skin
boat|raft|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
cabin|tent|IsA|religious place
chicken|lamb|IsA|animal
shoes|boots|UsedFor|warming upper body
garlic|beans|HasProperty|green
cottage|house|UsedFor|religious gatherings
forearm|wrist|IsA|plural
rattlesnake|hare|CapableOf|go underground
rabbit|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
caribou|buffalo|HasA|antlers/tusks
frog|tiger|UsedFor|human transport
rabbit|elephant|HasA|eating
bathroom|window|PartOf|building
duck|hawk|CapableOf|fly
strawberry|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
brow|lips|PartOf|makeup regimen
skis|tank|UsedFor|eating
duck|parakeet|CapableOf|be a household pet
eagle|duck|PartOf|wild life
worm|caterpillar|IsA|slow mover
wheel|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
balloon|helicopter|HasA|the ability to fly
freezer|kettle|UsedFor|making food
brush|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
horse|camel|HasA| mane (hair on it)
rattlesnake|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
blouse|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
sailboat|raft|UsedFor|riding on water
rifle|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
fawn|elk|IsA|mammal
arm|elbow|AtLocation|inside
forearm|wrist|AtLocation|upper body
apartment|hut|HasA|start with a b
blouse|skirt|AtLocation|on neck
snail|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
oven|dishwasher|PartOf|kitchen appliance
chapel|inn|IsA|place to live permanently
boots|dress|PartOf|lower waistline
airplane|balloon|IsA| mode of transportation 
knife|pen|UsedFor|grooming
fingers|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
stick|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
shoes|boots|AtLocation|on your feet
nurse|princess|PartOf|hospital staff
helicopter|boat|IsA| mode of transportation 
pistol|gun|HasProperty|made for violence
onions|chicken|IsA|food
camel|cougar|HasA|horns 
chapel|inn|IsA|public building (typically)
colander|spoon|UsedFor|stirring
ant|snail|HasA|walking
screwdriver|pen|CapableOf|print
scarf|cigarette|MadeOf|metal
dog|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
plug|clamp|MadeOf|metal
woodpecker|pigeon|CapableOf|be a household pet
cloak|blouse|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
bar|walls|PartOf|house
rock|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
ankle|knee|HasProperty|has five toes
clarinet|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
lobster|asparagus|IsA|black and white
raft|tank|AtLocation|in there
car|wheel|UsedFor|snow
pony|sheep|AtLocation|pet store
eel|tuna|HasA|shell
spider|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
foot|ankle|AtLocation|below waist
toaster|microwave|UsedFor|heating items up
elk|skunk|IsA|herbivore
asparagus|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
girl|girlfriend|HasProperty|exclusively female
turtle|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
truck|raft|UsedFor|eating
coat|dress|AtLocation|on your upper torso
caterpillar|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
squirrel|mink|IsA|sad
door|bedroom|UsedFor|lighting
jacket|sack|IsA|worn on the lower body
fridge|kettle|IsA|electric powered item
skunk|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
clarinet|flute|IsA|brass instrument
porcupine|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
skateboard|wheel|AtLocation|in water
broccoli|olive|HasProperty|green
clock|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
trousers|jeans|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
skunk|squirrel|HasProperty|originated from north america
hand|fingers|HasA|nails
cockroach|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
orange|olive|IsA|vegetable
gown|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
crayon|pliers|AtLocation|construction site
cabin|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
rattlesnake|cat|AtLocation|nature
canoe|truck|UsedFor|eating
faucet|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
bolts|clamp|CapableOf|make sound
tray|bottle|HasA|handle
cheetah|leopard|IsA|has horns
jacket|jeans|UsedFor|feet protection
ceiling|tower|PartOf|body
ankle|leg|AtLocation|on head
tomato|goat|HasProperty|red
cannon|shotgun|HasProperty|tiger
potatoes|salad|UsedFor|dessert
tap|hose|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
cannon|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
lantern|lamp|IsA|home appliance
nurse|worker|HasProperty|a profession
deer|fawn|PartOf|herd
spider|moth|IsA|bug
caterpillar|spider|HasA|legs, six or more
tap|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
orange|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
shoulder|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
caribou|elk|AtLocation|in hot climates 
olive|coconut|CapableOf|spices
beaver|elk|IsA|predator
toe|neck|HasA|bones
cherry|cheese|CapableOf|bitter
tank|drill|IsA|firearm
worker|princess|HasProperty|royalty
ankle|wrist|IsA|joint
father|aunt|HasA|blood relationship with you
dishwasher|ladle|CapableOf|hold water
drill|plate|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
hare|rabbit|AtLocation|on tree
room|deck|HasProperty|indoor
neck|finger|HasProperty|used for tasting
flea|turtle|IsA|plant
body|toe|PartOf|the images displayed
coat|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|transporting things
tap|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
nurse|man|IsA|family member
eagle|duck|HasA|start with a p
ladle|kettle|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
pipe|plate|PartOf|any of various units of 
forearm|wrist|PartOf|lower body
door|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
ceiling|window|CapableOf|be used home
coconut|avocado|IsA|fruit
crocodile|giraffe|IsA|has horns
bathroom|roof|PartOf|building
toe|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
rabbit|dog|UsedFor|riding
screwdriver|brush|CapableOf|to paint
wrist|elbow|IsA|joint
wall|door|UsedFor|sleep
girl|worker|HasA|friends on it
scooter|skateboard|UsedFor|land suitable one
scooter|skateboard|HasA|an engine
lamb|chicken|IsA|meat or animal
zebra|octopus|IsA|fish
balloon|bowl|HasA|wings
candle|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
microwave|oven|UsedFor|keeping things cool
leg|floor|PartOf|room
skunk|tin|IsA|bottle
shrimp|lobster|IsA|water animal
scissors|brush|CapableOf|print
sugar|whisky|IsA|diary food
camel|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
coat|jacket|HasProperty|worn by a woman
perch|eel|HasA|legs
violin|guitar|MadeOf|strings
boat|tank|AtLocation|in there
cannon|barrel|CapableOf|use electricity
bacon|steak|HasA|vegetable(s)
cloak|jacket|UsedFor|protection
nurse|mother|MadeOf|metal
knees|leg|PartOf|lower body
screws|bolts|CapableOf|be used in home
skunk|squirrel|HasA|hooves
wheel|fan|MadeOf|paper
trousers|jacket|UsedFor|warming upper body
skis|scooter|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
squid|shrimp|IsA|water animal
pen|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
hand|arm|IsA|part of a building
skis|skateboard|UsedFor|land suitable one
cigarette|necklace|CapableOf|generate light
giraffe|gorilla|HasA|antlers/tusks
skunk|elk|HasA|hair/fur
bolts|rope|MadeOf|metal
drill|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
goat|cat|AtLocation|pet store
hose|tap|IsA|related to music 
beetle|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
bed|toilet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
lamp|mirror|AtLocation|on neck
stick|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
bike|scooter|UsedFor|eating
forearm|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
fridge|rocker|CapableOf|working
mug|bucket|MadeOf|metal
plate|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
pony|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
perch|mackerel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
rocker|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
apartment|inn|HasProperty|for the rich
duck|falcon|CapableOf|fly
canoe|tank|AtLocation|in there
elbow|forearm|HasA|nails
pineapple|banana|HasA|single hard pit
coyote|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
celery|corn|IsA|purple vegetable
trout|squid|AtLocation|at sea
paintbrush|scissors|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
toe|thigh|AtLocation|below the waist 
bag|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
tractor|car|CapableOf|carry multiple people
helicopter|ship|IsA| mode of transportation 
cranberry|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
jacket|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
tower|ceiling|MadeOf|wood
radio|fan|CapableOf|be use for transportation
pen|paintbrush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
worm|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
strawberry|cranberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
pen|crayon|HasA|bushy tail
tray|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
wasp|squirrel|IsA|plant
house|tent|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
bacon|steak|IsA|liquid
grapefruit|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
knee|foot|HasProperty|below the waist 
shotgun|gun|HasA|finger trigger
bone|leg|IsA|limb
beer|milk|UsedFor|drinking
elephant|buffalo|IsA|predator 
horse|sheep|HasA|horn on head
cannon|tank|HasA|finger trigger
cheetah|crocodile|IsA|predator 
pen|typewriter|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
catfish|tuna|HasA|legs
nurse|mother|HasProperty|steel
cod|mackerel|IsA|water animal
skunk|hare|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
clock|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
willow|pine|HasProperty|alive
lips|mouth|AtLocation|below mouth
jeep|car|UsedFor|delivering parcels
cello|accordion|MadeOf|strings
barrel|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
chicken|perch|HasA|red shell when cooked
rattlesnake|flea|IsA|colorful 
dog|cat|IsA|something a farmer would own
coconut|olive|CapableOf|delicious
harp|cello|IsA|wind instrument
wasp|snail|IsA|plant
plate|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
spatula|stick|HasProperty|cutting
wheel|pipe|UsedFor|daily usage 
doctor|mother|IsA|female
pencil|pen|IsA|cuting
tomato|onions|IsA|meat or animal
sugar|sauce|IsA|diary food
hand|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
groundhog|skunk|IsA|mammal
hose|pipe|UsedFor|building
mirror|scarf|HasProperty|makes light
car|scooter|UsedFor|snow
giraffe|camel|IsA|type of big cat
stereo|faucet|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
skirt|coat|HasProperty|worn on the neck
elbow|wrist|AtLocation|upper body
dress|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
donkey|camel|HasA|fur
beer|liquor|IsA|alcohol
daughter|mother|IsA|car
avocado|plum|HasProperty|sweet
kite|falcon|UsedFor|a national symbol
woman|girl|MadeOf|metal
cherry|prune|HasA|big seed
blender|fridge|HasA|power supply
rope|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
corn|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable
camel|tiger|IsA|predator 
gown|bag|IsA|worn on the lower body
bedroom|bed|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
grapefruit|avocado|HasProperty|round/oval
mirror|necklace|UsedFor|a light source
wasp|butterfly|HasA|walking
paintbrush|stick|UsedFor|grooming
tap|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
hare|rabbit|HasA|long ear
banana|prune|HasA|big seed
peach|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
boy|worker|HasProperty|a female
wife|father|UsedFor|transportation
screws|barrel|HasA|round shape
cheese|garlic|CapableOf|bitter
harpsichord|harmonica|HasA|reed to make it work
princess|girl|HasA|a blood relation with you
chapel|house|HasProperty|a black and white picture
forearm|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
alligator|squirrel|HasA|a shell
lemon|olive|MadeOf|juice making
squirrel|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
shrimp|eel|IsA|black and white
tuna|mackerel|IsA|one syllable word
cougar|tiger|IsA|has horns
girl|worker|HasProperty|steel
girlfriend|princess|IsA|family member
blender|dishwasher|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
flea|wasp|IsA|plant
rattlesnake|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
door|stove|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
nose|mouth|CapableOf| taste
groundhog|beaver|CapableOf|climb trees
barrel|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
iguana|elephant|HasA| 4 limbs
squirrel|mole|HasA|hooves
hare|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
barn|bridge|IsA|religious place
crayon|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bathroom|walls|HasProperty|enclosed
gorilla|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
neck|kidney|IsA|limb
pear|cherry|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
potatoes|salad|UsedFor|desserts
prune|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
cherry|strawberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
mink|mole|IsA|predator
raspberry|prune|HasA|edible skin
liver|bone|HasProperty|liquid
roof|tower|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
fingers|neck|PartOf|house
horse|deer|IsA|carnivore 
tower|floor|CapableOf|be opened/closed
mother|cousin|HasA|child
sofa|bedroom|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
cherry|lemon|IsA|vegetable
worker|woman|HasA|the color brown in it
deck|tower|PartOf|body
comb|razor|HasProperty|cutting
scooter|car|AtLocation|in water
trumpet|saxophone|IsA|wind instrument
starling|pigeon|CapableOf|be a household pet
salad|soup|IsA|diary food
nail|hair|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
magazine|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
grapefruit|raspberry|PartOf|a red the color of
cranberry|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
hose|rock|MadeOf|paper
dishwasher|toilet|UsedFor|making food
deer|donkey|HasA|fur
nurse|boy|IsA|female (strictly)
room|roof|PartOf|building
razor|paintbrush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
blouse|shirt|HasProperty|worn by a woman
elk|caribou|HasA|thick body
sauce|bacon|IsA|diary food
kettle|colander|CapableOf|make things cold
bean|bacon|IsA|liquid
camel|ox|MadeOf|a living thing
wheelbarrow|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
tank|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
tuna|squid|AtLocation|at sea
pliers|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
tank|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
scarf|lantern|CapableOf|move
finger|neck|IsA|joint
shotgun|tank|IsA|weapon
pineapple|lemon|HasA|usually inedible skin
cousin|wife|IsA|profession
moth|butterfly|HasA|wings
princess|wife|HasProperty|a picture of a female
arm|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
canoe|yacht|UsedFor|eating
cherry|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
chicken|eel|IsA|fish
hose|wheel|CapableOf|be used in home
mackerel|perch|AtLocation|at sea
sailboat|yacht|HasProperty|usually a large size
wheel|rock|CapableOf|provide water
shoulder|elbow|AtLocation|bottom half of body
princess|wife|IsA|male
leg|thigh|CapableOf|carrying objects
grenade|tank|IsA|vessel
hut|bungalow|IsA|religious place
worm|cockroach|HasA|wings
neck|arm|PartOf|house
peach|cherry|HasA|stone 
forearm|arm|HasA|nails
skunk|squirrel|HasA|hair/fur
skunk|hare|IsA|predator
cousin|sister|HasA|blood relation with you
razor|stick|HasProperty|cutting
kettle|fridge|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
roof|ceiling|CapableOf|be opened/closed
comb|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
beer|wine|HasProperty|a liquid
buffalo|gorilla|IsA|type of cat
foot|knees|HasProperty|lower body
banana|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
spatula|scissors|MadeOf|writing
raccoon|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
forearm|wrist|PartOf|upper body
bar|floor|AtLocation|above your head in general
brow|tongue|PartOf|face
butterfly|beetle|HasA|walking
neck|finger|PartOf|upper body
cello|harp|UsedFor|sound
snail|rattlesnake|AtLocation|nature
scarf|lantern|UsedFor|lighting
blouse|jacket|HasA|male on it
cow|cat|CapableOf|be domesticated
daughter|uncle|IsA|title
dove|stork|HasA|large wing span
sheep|goat|CapableOf|be domesticated
bayonet|spade|IsA|tree
prune|pear|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
squirrel|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
glass|tin|CapableOf|burn
sister|wife|IsA|profession
grenade|plate|CapableOf|contain water
wasp|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
sugar|butter|IsA|colour red
raspberry|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
trumpet|banjo|MadeOf|strings
squirrel|groundhog|IsA|mammal
tiger|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
floor|deck|PartOf|body
toaster|stove|IsA|electrical appliance
hawk|eagle|AtLocation|at a beach
rock|oven|CapableOf|be use for transportation
canoe|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
deck|room|PartOf|room
rocket|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
cow|frog|HasA|eating
skunk|hare|IsA|mammal
paintbrush|scissors|UsedFor|driving screws
avocado|cherry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
elbow|ankle|IsA|joint
bar|ceiling|HasProperty|vertical
mother|girl|IsA|profession
foot|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
cottage|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
magazine|rope|HasA|a type of metal
lamb|goat|IsA|animal
mink|porcupine|PartOf|herd
cannon|rocket|UsedFor|bullets
bedroom|gate|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
pliers|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
saxophone|bagpipe|IsA|wind instrument
liquor|steak|IsA|diary food
ankle|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
gorilla|hyena|IsA|predator 
catfish|mackerel|IsA|fish
jeans|boots|UsedFor|warming upper body
spider|worm|HasA|walking
cigarette|pants|IsA|home appliance
camel|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
coat|jacket|HasA|sleeves
scooter|truck|MadeOf|metal
wheelbarrow|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
man|girlfriend|IsA|profession
chisel|drill|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
rattlesnake|deer|CapableOf|live in water
jeans|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
sheep|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
sauce|milk|IsA|liquid
hair|blood|AtLocation|on your head
wasp|ant|HasA|no legs
giraffe|horse|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
chandelier|lamp|IsA|nice smelling object
door|cupboard|CapableOf|be opened and closed
fingers|forearm|PartOf|lower body
building|house|IsA|religious place
sheep|pony|IsA|teeth
skunk|groundhog|CapableOf|hunt other animals
skateboard|wheel|HasA|wheels
coconut|olive|CapableOf|bitter
hyena|tiger|IsA|herbivore
cougar|caribou|IsA|predator 
blouse|umbrella|HasProperty|something that is worn
son|cousin|IsA|man
pear|prune|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
cranberry|plum|HasProperty|yellow
glass|skunk|IsA|fragile
raft|wheel|HasA|engine
window|floor|IsA|part of a building
boat|wheel|UsedFor|eating
drill|bolts|UsedFor|harm
wheel|hose|HasA|a type of metal
finger|shoulder|HasA|less than three joints
garlic|celery|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
pear|strawberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
floor|ceiling|PartOf|building
trumpet|guitar|IsA|instrument
ant|spider|CapableOf|fly
shirt|coat|IsA|item of clothing
bison|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
deer|tiger|UsedFor|human transport
wife|princess|IsA|profession
drill|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
oven|stove|UsedFor|making food
fan|hose|UsedFor|entertainment
scissors|stick|UsedFor|grooming
pen|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
pear|grapefruit|HasA|seed/seeds/pit
cupboard|carpet|UsedFor|lighting
saucer|airplane|AtLocation|on water
plum|pear|IsA|physical fruit or veg
tape|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
arm|body|AtLocation|on the inside
pot|bucket|CapableOf|be held to drink
canoe|yacht|HasProperty|usually a large size
kidney|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
saxophone|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
colander|sink|IsA|appliance
finger|forearm|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
knife|pen|CapableOf|print
turtle|snail|HasA|a shell
drill|spatula|CapableOf|writing
mother|aunt|HasA|green item of clothing
horse|tiger|HasA|horn
mink|mole|IsA|herbivore
son|cousin|IsA|family member
grenade|rifle|CapableOf|be held in a hand
fawn|deer|HasA|antlers/horns
cigarette|lamp|HasProperty|something to be worn
cherry|plum|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
hawk|vulture|HasA|start with a p
porcupine|rabbit|IsA|mammal
mink|mole|IsA|mammal
cupboard|bedroom|UsedFor|sleep
gorilla|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
skis|raft|AtLocation|in water
skunk|hare|CapableOf|climb on tree
wheel|plug|CapableOf|be turned on
dress|pants|UsedFor|feet
forearm|wrist|HasProperty|upper body
camel|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
moth|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
iguana|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go under underwater
skirt|pants|HasProperty|worn on the neck
skirt|clock|HasProperty|worn on the neck
hose|rope|MadeOf|metal/steel
chapel|church|UsedFor|religious gatherings
flute|clarinet|HasA|reed to make it work
orange|garlic|MadeOf|juice making
pear|grapefruit|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
bike|wheel|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
garlic|pear|IsA|physical fruit or veg
bed|hut|IsA|permanent structure
rabbit|skunk|IsA|predator
zebra|cart|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
saucer|bowl|AtLocation|in the air
stick|chisel|UsedFor|writing
rock|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
otter|mole|IsA|mink
cow|dog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
skunk|elk|CapableOf|go underground
spatula|typewriter|UsedFor|crafts
tiger|deer|IsA|teeth
clamp|hose|IsA|related to music 
microwave|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
saxophone|clarinet|HasProperty|single-reed
hand|fingers|IsA|joint
shirt|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
fan|plug|MadeOf|paper
kite|sparrow|CapableOf|be a household pet
raccoon|rabbit|IsA|otter
knife|chisel|HasA|sharp edge
bone|eye|AtLocation|on head
caterpillar|snail|HasProperty|an insect
brush|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
hair|muscle|IsA|limb
spider|mouse|HasA|tail
fan|radio|CapableOf|consume electricity
hare|mink|CapableOf|hunt other animals
kite|falcon|IsA|bird of prey
beaver|rabbit|CapableOf|hunt other animals
coconut|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
hut|gate|IsA|permanent structure
elephant|frog|HasA|fur
wrist|elbow|UsedFor|breaking down a door
orange|olive|CapableOf|bitter
lobster|zebra|HasA|fins
orange|lime|CapableOf|bitter
arm|finger|UsedFor|holding an apple
rattlesnake|frog|HasProperty|an insect
arm|shoulder|UsedFor|walking
oven|magazine|MadeOf|maybe
hand|wrist|PartOf|the upper body
giraffe|gorilla|IsA|type of cat
rattlesnake|snail|IsA|insect
cockroach|spider|MadeOf|small animals
stick|razor|HasProperty|cutting
wheel|skateboard|IsA|powered vehicle
leopard|tiger|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
bison|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
frog|cow|HasA|fur
rabbit|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
camel|elephant|HasA|long neck
worm|ant|HasProperty|an insect
bathroom|floor|PartOf|another card 
typewriter|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
wheel|scooter|AtLocation|in there
ankle|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
perch|shrimp|IsA|black and white
sailboat|skis|HasA|an engine
woman|girl|IsA|car
faucet|clamp|MadeOf|metal/steel
cart|crocodile|AtLocation|in africa
oven|stove|PartOf|kitchen appliance
clarinet|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
gate|inn|HasA| place for worship
dress|boots|PartOf|lower waistline
wheel|skateboard|HasA|engine
mirror|lamp|UsedFor|lighting
knees|knee|AtLocation|below the waist 
wall|sofa|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
squirrel|coyote|IsA|mammal
trout|mackerel|IsA|fish
hose|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
walls|bathroom|PartOf|a house
tape|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
rattlesnake|iguana|HasA|a shell
wasp|caterpillar|IsA|insect
caribou|giraffe|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
banana|pear|HasA|stone 
robe|umbrella|IsA|white object
cousin|daughter|IsA|royalty
rope|hose|HasA|number on it
gun|cannon|HasProperty|tiger
hawk|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
pliers|knife|UsedFor|crafts
body|ankle|AtLocation|inside
ceiling|deck|IsA|body part
cow|donkey|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pliers|drill|AtLocation|construction site
milk|sugar|MadeOf|several ingredients
window|roof|HasProperty|typically vertical
bag|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
deck|ceiling|PartOf|human body
walls|window|PartOf|body
donkey|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
bolts|clamp|MadeOf|metal
barn|gate|IsA|religious place
toe|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
door|sofa|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
mink|beaver|HasA|hooves
goat|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
rocker|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
stick|crayon|CapableOf|print
car|bike|UsedFor|water
coyote|rabbit|CapableOf|hunt other animals
raspberry|strawberry|IsA|red  or orang
radio|mixer|IsA|digital device
ceiling|roof|UsedFor|decoration
wife|daughter|HasProperty|exclusively female
coat|pants|UsedFor|covering legs
razor|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
grapefruit|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
car|tractor|CapableOf|hold more than one person
scissors|razor|CapableOf|to paint
clamp|rock|CapableOf|provide water
elbow|shoulder|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
wife|woman|HasProperty|female
typewriter|razor|IsA|construction tool
pistol|wheel|IsA|vessel
fawn|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
princess|girl|HasProperty|a picture of a female
harmonica|piano|HasA|keys
rocket|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
squirrel|skunk|PartOf|herd
pliers|chisel|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
mole|raccoon|IsA|sad
cat|tiger|UsedFor|riding
beetle|spider|HasA|wings
squirrel|hare|AtLocation|underground
forearm|fingers|UsedFor|waving
boy|woman|MadeOf|metal
stick|pencil|CapableOf|be used for hair
roof|floor|PartOf|room
jeans|trousers|HasA|sleeves
king|prince|IsA|family member
mole|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
fridge|dishwasher|HasProperty|big
roof|window|PartOf|house
turtle|flea|HasA|walking
hair|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
dog|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
pencil|drill|UsedFor|grooming
chandelier|lantern|CapableOf|use a lightbulb
stick|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rifle|rocket|IsA|vessel
bolts|hose|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
wheel|fan|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
giraffe|crocodile|IsA|type of cat
alligator|fawn|AtLocation|carnivorous
magazine|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
trombone|piano|MadeOf|strings
ankle|toe|UsedFor|walking
caterpillar|snail|IsA|plant
finger|neck|IsA|part of a building
rocker|faucet|CapableOf|be turned on
stick|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cannon|pipe|IsA|firearm
blender|kettle|CapableOf|hold water
tape|faucet|MadeOf|metal
beaver|hare|IsA|mammal
fawn|mole|HasA|hair/fur
mole|porcupine|PartOf|herd
frog|mouse|AtLocation|in a house
pineapple|lemon|IsA|citrus fruit
nurse|boy|HasA|color
boots|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
barn|oak|UsedFor|human living
mole|groundhog|HasA|long ear
corn|eggplant|HasProperty|green
building|bridge|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
car|tractor|UsedFor|eating
jeans|shoes|IsA|piece of clothing
pencil|paintbrush|UsedFor|driving screws
toaster|tray|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
shoulder|forearm|HasProperty|something humans have two of
violin|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
trousers|jeans|UsedFor|by mainly women
coconut|orange|CapableOf|bitter
raft|yacht|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
scissors|pen|IsA|construction tool
bolts|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
alligator|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
squirrel|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
house|bedroom|IsA|religious place
uncle|brother|IsA|family member
elephant|snail|IsA|amphibian
roof|floor|HasProperty|indoor
pliers|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
balloon|bowl|AtLocation|on water
lemon|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
grenade|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
jacket|trousers|HasA|wheel
piano|saxophone|PartOf|strings
butterfly|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
barn|house|AtLocation|at your home
rocket|cannon|HasA|finger trigger
groundhog|mole|CapableOf|live in water
frog|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
peach|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
sofa|wall|CapableOf|contain items
wrist|forearm|HasA|less than three joints
orange|coconut|HasProperty|sweet
cat|cow|IsA|something a farmer would own
cat|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
floor|walls|CapableOf|let in air
tray|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
boy|man|HasProperty|male
cherry|pear|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
typewriter|razor|UsedFor|crafts
plate|strainer|CapableOf|destroy a building
nose|finger|UsedFor|eating
pineapple|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
hose|pipe|CapableOf|contain water
wife|princess|HasProperty|female
gate|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
beetle|flea|IsA|bug
meal|bean|UsedFor|dinner
rabbit|duck|MadeOf|red
beans|garlic|HasProperty|green (most part)
bag|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
skirt|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
carpet|sofa|UsedFor|storage
daughter|wife|IsA|younger person
donkey|dog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
ladle|spoon|CapableOf|hold water
onions|garlic|HasA|seeds
tray|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
barrel|pipe|UsedFor|daily usage 
stick|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
bedroom|bed|CapableOf|be used to sleep
rocker|mixer|CapableOf|make sound
clarinet|violin|UsedFor|sound
lemon|prune|IsA|fruit
beaver|porcupine|CapableOf|attack human
coat|dress|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
skunk|paper|CapableOf|burn
stick|pencil|CapableOf|print
boat|yacht|HasProperty|colored red
tractor|buggy|UsedFor|traveling over rough terrain
stick|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
oven|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
worker|girl|IsA|family member
broccoli|beans|UsedFor|cleaning
hose|clamp|HasA|a type of metal
inn|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
salad|sugar|AtLocation|in the ground
cat|squirrel|CapableOf|kill a human
ant|snail|IsA|crustecean
crocodile|horse|HasA|long neck
boy|girl|IsA|person
zebra|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
paintbrush|crayon|IsA|metal
tractor|tank|HasA|an engine
actress|wife|IsA|car
olive|cherry|CapableOf|bitter
pencil|comb|HasProperty|cutting
bike|skis|HasProperty|consuming fuel
bolts|screws|UsedFor|daily usage 
jeans|trousers|HasA|wheel
spider|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
wheel|plate|CapableOf|store or transport water
hare|raccoon|MadeOf|green
squirrel|otter|IsA|otter
tray|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
shrimp|chicken|IsA|fish
crocodile|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
screws|strainer|MadeOf|metal/steel
rabbit|beaver|HasA|hooves
arm|toe|IsA|plural
canoe|sled|CapableOf|be used on snow
arm|nail|IsA|limb
shoulder|elbow|MadeOf|upper body parts
soup|beer|IsA|liquid
bridge|bungalow|HasA|start with a b
pliers|stick|CapableOf|to paint
crayon|pencil|CapableOf|get smaller as it's used
plug|rope|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
trousers|pants|IsA|worn on the lower body
bedroom|sofa|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
butterfly|caterpillar|IsA|crustecean
strawberry|peach|HasA|edible skin
kettle|ladle|CapableOf|hold water
deer|cow|HasA|fur
father|princess|UsedFor|transportation
eagle|kite|HasA|start with a p
gown|shirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
wife|boy|IsA|profession
fingers|neck|PartOf|human body
steak|supper|HasA|meat
fridge|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
candle|lantern|HasProperty|quite small
grapefruit|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
house|building|IsA|component of a home
mink|hare|CapableOf|go underground
drill|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
hare|porcupine|HasA|horn
pony|horse|IsA|typical pet
turtle|squirrel|HasA| 4 limbs
bagpipe|flute|HasA|keys
mother|cousin|HasA|blood relationship with you
hose|tape|CapableOf|work without electricity
coconut|avocado|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
truck|tractor|HasA|two rows of seats
ox|elephant|HasA|thick body
wrist|hand|AtLocation|below where a watch is
plum|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
radio|tape|MadeOf|paper
caterpillar|ant|IsA|plant
door|closet|UsedFor|making food
fan|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
neck|muscle|IsA|limb
aunt|boy|UsedFor|transportation
fridge|freezer|IsA|electrical appliance
fridge|colander|CapableOf|be held in your hand
walls|window|HasProperty|an enclosed space
saxophone|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
window|bar|PartOf|room
window|roof|PartOf|body
goat|onions|IsA|food
spider|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
deer|elk|HasProperty|living in water
screws|pipe|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
wrist|fingers|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
sheep|donkey|IsA|something a farmer would own
sister|mother|IsA|immediate relation with you
dog|frog|HasA|horn on head
brush|stick|CapableOf|writing
barrel|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
princess|father|HasProperty|royalty
corn|garlic|HasProperty|green
zebra|elephant|HasA|horn
mother|sister|IsA|direct relation
pencil|spatula|MadeOf|writing
girl|boy|MadeOf|metal
stove|oven|UsedFor|heating items up
scooter|skis|UsedFor|land suitable one
spider|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
trombone|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
stereo|clamp|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
grenade|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
violin|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
toe|fingers|PartOf|the upper body
wheelbarrow|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
harmonica|tuba|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
chisel|knife|CapableOf|make holes 
elk|deer|IsA|type of big cat
tray|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
elbow|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
aunt|worker|HasProperty|a picture of a female
pineapple|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
raccoon|hare|CapableOf|go underground
clamp|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
crab|octopus|IsA|black and white
tomato|coconut|IsA|vegetable
jeans|socks|PartOf|lower waistline
wasp|flea|IsA|colorful 
skirt|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
girl|princess|IsA|male
skis|boat|CapableOf|be used in snow
girlfriend|princess|UsedFor|transportation
daughter|sister|HasA|child
bathroom|tower|UsedFor|decoration
fan|faucet|IsA|related to music 
cod|trout|IsA|one syllable word
perch|asparagus|IsA|fish
squirrel|rabbit|MadeOf|green
pigeon|owl|HasA|large wingspan
cello|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
snail|iguana|HasA|four feet
closet|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
tap|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
leg|knee|AtLocation|on lower body
cottage|apartment|PartOf|set of furniture
plate|tray|UsedFor|storing wine
actress|mother|IsA|profession
orange|strawberry|IsA|red  or orang
finger|shoulder|PartOf|upper body
bison|elephant|HasA|antler
girlfriend|actress|UsedFor|transportation
garlic|tomato|IsA|fruit
turtle|cockroach|HasA|walking
sauce|salad|IsA|diary food
lemon|cherry|MadeOf|juice making
finger|arm|PartOf|the upper body
skateboard|scooter|CapableOf|hold more than one person
sled|boat|UsedFor|riding on water
tiger|crocodile|UsedFor|human transport
lemon|plum|IsA|red  or orang
neck|finger|AtLocation|below waist
hawk|eagle|HasProperty|domesticated
cannon|rocket|IsA|firearm
harpsichord|trumpet|HasA|reed to make it work
avocado|prune|HasProperty|red
blood|eye|IsA|edible part of other animals
bike|buggy|AtLocation|in there
jacket|sack|HasA|wheel
mole|hare|HasA|hooves
neck|leg|PartOf|body
mole|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
deer|squirrel|IsA|predator
saxophone|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
bison|pony|HasA| mane (hair on it)
skunk|elk|IsA|predator
room|tower|HasProperty|vertical
mother|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
crayon|typewriter|HasA|graphite center
saucer|boat|HasA|the ability to fly
buggy|bike|HasA|wheels
liver|kidney|HasProperty|liquid
necklace|pants|CapableOf|be worn
oak|bungalow|PartOf|set of furniture
house|hut|IsA|permanent structure
doctor|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
sauce|potatoes|UsedFor|dessert
prune|raspberry|IsA|berry
cow|horse|AtLocation|pet store
groundhog|porcupine|AtLocation|on tree
bed|wall|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
walls|tower|CapableOf|be opened/closed
bedroom|sofa|CapableOf|open/close
bean|salad|IsA|diary food
fan|rocker|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
king|father|IsA|man
toe|neck|AtLocation|inside
hair|blood|AtLocation|below your waist
skunk|wood|MadeOf|animals or plants
hawk|pelican|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
grapefruit|peach|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
paintbrush|crayon|IsA|cuting
corn|beans|HasA|seeds
lamb|duck|IsA|animal
fridge|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
ankle|leg|AtLocation|below waist
drill|razor|UsedFor|crafts
buggy|jeep|HasA|wheels
pants|boots|UsedFor|feet protection
coyote|alligator|IsA|predator
clamp|tape|UsedFor|entertainment
cottage|building|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
hare|mink|AtLocation|underground
worker|girl|HasA|friends on it
crab|eel|IsA|black and white
chicken|lobster|IsA|fish
floor|tower|HasProperty|indoor
rocket|screws|IsA|vessel
banana|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
catfish|cod|HasA|shell
barrel|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
crayon|pen|UsedFor|drawing or painting
boat|jeep|AtLocation|in there
peach|avocado|HasA|single hard pit
mole|elk|HasA|hair/fur
buggy|boat|UsedFor|farming
pony|donkey|HasA|hooves
floor|roof|UsedFor|decoration
chicken|crab|IsA|black and white
tank|screws|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
stork|seagull|HasA|large wingspan
canoe|scooter|UsedFor|eating
clarinet|cello|UsedFor|sound
vulture|eagle|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
socks|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
snail|spider|HasProperty|typically able to fly
giraffe|crocodile|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
rope|bolts|MadeOf|metal
elk|fawn|HasA|horn
hawk|falcon|IsA|dangerous bird
jeans|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
saxophone|flute|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
rope|mixer|UsedFor|can your card used home
ceiling|floor|CapableOf|be used home
ladle|blender|CapableOf|be held in your hand
lamp|mirror|CapableOf|be set alight with match
beans|garlic|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
hut|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
cat|horse|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
bike|boat|AtLocation|in there
magazine|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
milk|liquor|IsA|liquid
guitar|banjo|PartOf|strings
flea|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
eye|bone|IsA|organ
potatoes|salad|IsA|diary food
stove|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bed|door|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
brush|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
sink|closet|UsedFor|making food
actress|aunt|PartOf|close blood relative
crayon|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
sack|bag|UsedFor|transporting things
zebra|buffalo|IsA|predator 
trumpet|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
bathroom|room|PartOf|building
pistol|screws|UsedFor|shooting
pistol|gun|UsedFor|harm
balloon|saucer|UsedFor|transportation
fan|hose|IsA|digital device
catfish|salmon|CapableOf|come in a tin
pony|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
drill|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
tape|wheel|AtLocation|kitchen
steak|bean|HasProperty|two syllables
tray|screws|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
porcupine|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
hose|tap|UsedFor|can your card used home
starling|dove|HasA|large wing span
rattlesnake|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
butterfly|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
fridge|kettle|CapableOf|be plugged in
gorilla|camel|IsA|like a cat
pear|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
screwdriver|pencil|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
piano|trumpet|HasA|reed to make it work
wheel|strainer|HasProperty|circular
cupboard|bedroom|CapableOf|contain items
salad|milk|AtLocation|in the ground
mirror|chandelier|UsedFor|lighting
cockroach|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
pencil|crayon|IsA|cuting
sheep|goat|IsA|typical pet
tank|truck|HasA|wheels
peach|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
wheel|tape|MadeOf|paper
salmon|mackerel|HasA|snake like body
uncle|father|AtLocation|royal meeting room
squirrel|mink|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
freezer|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
worker|boy|IsA|job or profession
worker|mother|IsA|noun
cat|squirrel|IsA|plant
tongue|finger|PartOf|makeup regimen
rabbit|dog|HasProperty|fluffy
cat|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
scissors|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
bison|horse|HasA|hooves
barn|oak|PartOf|set of furniture
plug|bolts|IsA|related to music 
jeans|pants|UsedFor|warming upper body
sugar|milk|UsedFor|desserts
skis|canoe|UsedFor|eating
bar|roof|IsA|part of a building
apartment|tent|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
bolts|wheel|MadeOf|metal
cranberry|peach|IsA|fruit
gun|rifle|IsA|firearm
wasp|cockroach|IsA|insect
cockroach|flea|IsA|bug
daughter|woman|HasProperty|exclusively female
jeep|tractor|UsedFor|land suitable one
fridge|door|UsedFor|making food
bison|deer|IsA|typical pet
mixer|radio|AtLocation|at an electronics store
cabin|hut|HasA|start with a b
nurse|daughter|IsA|male
sister|mother|IsA|direct or immediate relation
banana|grapefruit|HasA|(usually) edible skin
wrist|shoulder|AtLocation|upper body
woodpecker|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
duck|goat|IsA|n animal
girl|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
gate|inn|UsedFor|relaxing
freezer|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
scissors|spatula|CapableOf|writing
fingers|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
plum|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
boat|truck|AtLocation|in there
caribou|giraffe|IsA|predator 
hose|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
skateboard|raft|MadeOf|metal
grapefruit|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
gun|rifle|IsA|vessel
wheel|skateboard|HasProperty|consuming fuel
eye|ankle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
clamp|stereo|MadeOf|metal
cannon|gun|MadeOf|wood (partially)
raft|yacht|AtLocation|in water
fridge|kettle|PartOf|kitchen appliance
lamb|rabbit|HasProperty|red
chisel|razor|CapableOf|writing
frog|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
ceiling|room|HasProperty|vertical
pants|dress|UsedFor|warming upper body
hare|deer|IsA|mammal
pants|boots|CapableOf|keep legs warm
rope|wheel|IsA|digital device
plum|pear|HasA|(usually) edible skin
stick|pen|CapableOf|print
comb|spatula|AtLocation|construction site
beetle|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
cupboard|door|UsedFor|storing things
cat|sheep|IsA|something a farmer would own
crayon|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
hair|skin|AtLocation|on your head
thigh|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
rocket|hose|UsedFor|harm
pencil|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
goat|sheep|CapableOf|be domesticated
radio|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
bison|elephant|HasA|thick body
horse|camel|AtLocation|in africa
rocker|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
thigh|knees|PartOf|upper body
parakeet|dove|HasA|large wingspan
groundhog|mole|CapableOf|attack human
chicken|rabbit|IsA|meat or animal
bolts|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
ox|camel|AtLocation|in hot climates 
potato|goat|IsA|food
sheep|cow|IsA|something a farmer would own
dishwasher|colander|CapableOf|be held in your hand
spoon|dishwasher|CapableOf|hold water
barrel|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
wheel|rope|CapableOf|be used in home
liver|body|AtLocation|on head
ladle|colander|IsA|appliance
cousin|boy|IsA|profession
faucet|tape|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
brush|stick|CapableOf|print
bagpipe|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
bolts|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
cherry|lemon|CapableOf|bitter
fridge|closet|UsedFor|making food
clamp|stereo|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
soup|sauce|HasProperty|alcoholic
neck|forearm|AtLocation|below where a watch is
hut|cottage|HasA|start with a b
skirt|trousers|HasProperty|worn below the waist
rattlesnake|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
skateboard|tank|UsedFor|land suitable one
father|cousin|IsA|female
toaster|freezer|PartOf|kitchen appliance
rocker|rock|CapableOf|make sound
potato|rabbit|MadeOf|something edible
screws|strainer|HasA|round shape
skis|tank|AtLocation|in water
fridge|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bathroom|room|AtLocation|at ground level
pipe|screws|CapableOf|used in war
sack|coat|IsA|worn on the lower body
hose|wheel|IsA|digital device
king|prince|IsA|title
cathedral|chapel|IsA|public building (typically)
toe|eye|IsA|limb
ankle|knees|PartOf|upper body
oven|toaster|PartOf|kitchen appliance
hose|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
drill|crayon|MadeOf|writing
rocker|hose|MadeOf|paper
floor|walls|PartOf|garage
scissors|spatula|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pelican|duck|HasA|wings
grapefruit|plum|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
perch|mackerel|IsA|water animal
plug|clamp|HasA|a type of metal
gown|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
hair|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
pistol|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
doctor|girl|IsA|male
hose|rocker|IsA|digital device
wasp|spider|IsA|insect
sink|kettle|CapableOf|hold water
leg|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
tape|magazine|IsA|related to music 
man|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
deer|horse|IsA|carnivore 
meal|salad|UsedFor|dinner
door|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
cupboard|sofa|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
rope|fan|IsA|related to music 
lobster|squid|IsA|black and white
cabin|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
caribou|elk|UsedFor|travel
jacket|shoes|IsA|typically female clothing item
frog|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
girl|girlfriend|IsA|family member
car|tank|AtLocation|in water
stereo|fan|CapableOf|consume electricity
chicken|lamb|IsA|food
salmon|catfish|HasA|legs
skis|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
banana|pear|HasProperty|sweet
bolts|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
dress|shirt|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
cannon|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
worm|snail|CapableOf|flying
bar|floor|HasProperty|typically vertical
tiger|giraffe|IsA|predator 
spatula|brush|IsA|construction tool
actress|mother|IsA|occupation
salmon|cod|IsA|fish
cat|pony|IsA|something a farmer would own
bungalow|apartment|PartOf|set of furniture
kidney|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
shotgun|rocket|UsedFor|work
woman|man|IsA|job or profession
elk|buffalo|HasA|horn or antler
magazine|hose|IsA|electric 
cucumber|broccoli|IsA|vegetable
comb|razor|CapableOf|print
shrimp|squid|IsA|water animal
bathroom|walls|CapableOf|be used home
girl|aunt|HasProperty|royalty
hose|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
sofa|bed|CapableOf|open/close
actress|princess|UsedFor|transportation
skunk|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
corn|olive|IsA|fruit
ox|elephant|UsedFor|crossing deserts
harp|trombone|HasA|keys
garlic|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
oak|barn|PartOf|set of furniture
mixer|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
room|arm|PartOf|house
woman|girl|IsA|occupation
razor|scissors|CapableOf|writing
chisel|drill|UsedFor|writing
chandelier|lantern|UsedFor|lighting
tap|wheel|MadeOf|metal
banjo|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
blood|arm|IsA|organ
bacon|salad|UsedFor|dinner
tiger|elephant|HasA|long neck
bathroom|ceiling|IsA|part of a building
beaver|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
wheel|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
tray|fridge|UsedFor|making food
shoulder|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
ceiling|bathroom|HasProperty|indoor
wrist|elbow|PartOf|lower body
pipe|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
beetle|ant|IsA|slow mover
elephant|iguana|HasA|legs
pencil|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
harp|violin|UsedFor|sound
comb|razor|CapableOf|writing
moth|turtle|IsA|plant
boat|bowl|CapableOf|fly
mixer|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
walls|ceiling|IsA|body part
caterpillar|cockroach|HasProperty|an insect
eye|blood|AtLocation|inside
pot|saucer|HasA|handle
trousers|coat|UsedFor|transporting things
razor|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
pony|dog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
meal|sandwich|HasA|vegetable(s)
woman|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
aunt|doctor|IsA|male
pear|prune|HasA|stone 
elbow|toe|IsA|limb
arm|hand|HasProperty|something humans have two of
porcupine|raccoon|CapableOf|hunt other animals
hare|mink|IsA|mink
skunk|mole|IsA|herbivore
inn|barn|IsA|place to live permanently
razor|drill|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
mink|fawn|IsA|predator
ankle|toe|HasA|bones
fingers|arm|AtLocation|below waist
groundhog|squirrel|IsA|mammal
pepper|lemon|HasProperty|green
toilet|sink|CapableOf|be plumbed in
neck|forearm|PartOf|lower body
princess|daughter|HasA|child
orange|lime|HasA|hard shell
paintbrush|knife|CapableOf|be used for hair
kettle|blender|IsA|larger than a child
girl|princess|IsA|family member
foot|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
shoulder|wrist|HasA|less than three joints
banjo|harp|UsedFor|sound
paintbrush|pencil|MadeOf|writing
potato|chicken|HasProperty|red
bucket|bottle|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
skateboard|scooter|HasA|engine
chocolate|soup|IsA|liquid
body|foot|PartOf|the images displayed
frog|mouse|CapableOf|kill a human
hare|mink|CapableOf|live in water
finger|fingers|HasProperty|something people have ten of
turtle|snail|IsA|colorful 
tuna|mackerel|HasA|red shell when cooked
kettle|blender|MadeOf|steel mostly
shoulder|elbow|HasProperty|upper body
actress|woman|HasProperty|male
throat|nose|IsA|pink face feature
raft|boat|UsedFor|eating
lobster|eel|IsA|mollusk
mother|boy|IsA|job or profession
squirrel|worm|HasA|walking
whisky|liquor|IsA|alcohol
elbow|nail|AtLocation|on your head
sofa|door|CapableOf|open/close
wasp|turtle|HasA|walking
rocker|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
girl|aunt|IsA|car
wall|door|CapableOf|be used to sleep
truck|tractor|UsedFor|eating
arm|forearm|PartOf|the upper body
hare|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
otter|mink|AtLocation|water usually
pliers|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
blender|kettle|IsA|appliance
cabin|cottage|MadeOf|one or more rooms
bolts|clamp|IsA|digital device
thermometer|candle|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
mink|coyote|HasA|horn
cupboard|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
king|prince|IsA|royalty
barrel|bolts|CapableOf|use electricity
fridge|microwave|UsedFor|keeping things cool
lamp|chandelier|CapableOf|use a lightbulb
wasp|flea|IsA|plant
tap|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
cabin|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
screws|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
dishwasher|kettle|IsA|electric powered item
violin|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
flea|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
ankle|leg|PartOf|upper body
finger|fingers|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
hose|faucet|IsA|digital device
oven|magazine|CapableOf|working
balloon|saucer|AtLocation|in water
cupboard|kettle|UsedFor|making food
building|barn|AtLocation|at your home
cabin|bedroom|IsA|place to live permanently
rocket|rifle|UsedFor|firing artillery
jeep|truck|MadeOf|metal
bungalow|barn|PartOf|set of furniture
liquor|beer|IsA|diary food
magazine|microwave|CapableOf|working
wrist|elbow|HasA|more than one joint
pear|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
ant|worm|IsA|bug
catfish|cod|IsA|name begging with c
brush|paintbrush|PartOf|what is your name this
spatula|pliers|MadeOf|writing
cat|ant|HasA|walking
squirrel|elk|CapableOf|go underground
spatula|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
strawberry|prune|IsA|berry
wheel|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
tray|mug|AtLocation|in the kitchen
zebra|cheetah|IsA|has horns
sack|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
aunt|daughter|HasA|a blood relation with you
hand|fingers|AtLocation|on furniture
alligator|crocodile|AtLocation|in a river 
plug|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
elk|bison|IsA|predator 
room|floor|IsA|body part
raccoon|groundhog|AtLocation|below earth
deer|giraffe|IsA|predator 
necklace|skirt|UsedFor|wearing
lantern|chandelier|MadeOf|glass
canoe|sailboat|HasA|an engine
asparagus|tuna|HasA|legs
bison|elk|MadeOf|a living thing
rope|plug|AtLocation|kitchen
body|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
fawn|elk|CapableOf|go underground
scissors|drill|CapableOf|be used for drawing
father|girlfriend|IsA|profession
fawn|alligator|AtLocation|carnivorous
cheetah|gorilla|IsA|predator 
cousin|brother|AtLocation|in a royal family
plate|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bridge|apartment|IsA|religious place
pigeon|vulture|CapableOf|fly
bungalow|cottage|UsedFor|human living
plug|radio|MadeOf|paper
jeep|tank|UsedFor|eating
guitar|bagpipe|HasA|keys
tank|strainer|MadeOf|wood
potatoes|salad|MadeOf|cup
magazine|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
pencil|knife|CapableOf|to paint
harmonica|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
wheel|clamp|HasA|number on it
turtle|snail|HasA|walking
paper|tin|IsA|bottle
typewriter|scissors|PartOf|what is the name of 
chisel|comb|HasProperty|cutting
grenade|drill|IsA|firearm
pipe|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
sister|wife|HasA|green item of clothing
mouth|tongue|IsA|part of the body
eye|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
trumpet|flute|HasProperty|single-reed
perch|chicken|HasA|red shell when cooked
house|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
beaver|mink|IsA|mammal
leg|body|AtLocation|inside
elk|mink|IsA|predator
alligator|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
thigh|ankle|HasProperty|below the waist 
rope|tap|IsA|digital device
violin|trombone|UsedFor|sound
rabbit|deer|HasA|hair/fur
boy|worker|IsA|noun
plum|pear|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
bolts|radio|IsA|digital device
mink|skunk|HasA|hair/fur
dog|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
beaver|rabbit|IsA|herbivore
worm|cat|HasA|walking
sandwich|steak|HasA|meat
walls|ceiling|HasProperty|an enclosed space
father|girlfriend|IsA|family member
hair|elbow|AtLocation|inside
tank|hose|IsA|firearm
beans|onions|IsA|vegetable
crocodile|leopard|IsA|predator 
bagpipe|trombone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
bone|muscle|AtLocation|inside
bed|barn|IsA|religious place
nurse|daughter|HasProperty|male
elk|fawn|UsedFor|pulling santa's sleigh
leg|knees|PartOf|lower body
mole|hare|AtLocation|on  a tree
mother|girl|HasA|friends on it
skateboard|yacht|CapableOf|hold more than one person
tuna|cod|HasA|legs
dress|trousers|AtLocation|foot
pear|prune|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
flute|bagpipe|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
bridge|inn|IsA|religion buildings
brother|father|IsA|man
faucet|tap|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
cart|elephant|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
muscle|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
bike|wheel|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
bike|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
spatula|drill|HasProperty|cutting
finger|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
socks|dress|PartOf|lower waistline
dress|trousers|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
nurse|mother|HasA|the color brown in it
rocket|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
frog|donkey|IsA|teeth
skateboard|boat|CapableOf|be used in snow
cello|flute|UsedFor|sound
yacht|sailboat|AtLocation|in water
orange|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
candle|tray|IsA|home appliance
rope|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
caterpillar|snail|HasA|no legs
rope|wheel|IsA|related to music 
tuba|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
eagle|duck|IsA|alive 
hose|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
rattlesnake|raccoon|AtLocation|carnivorous
wheelbarrow|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
fridge|door|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
lantern|cigarette|UsedFor|providing light
horse|donkey|AtLocation|typically europe
daughter|cousin|IsA|younger person
buzzard|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
zebra|caribou|IsA|herbivore
hose|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
mouth|neck|IsA|part of the body
bagpipe|cello|MadeOf|strings
tap|clamp|CapableOf|make sound
cat|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
squirrel|elephant|AtLocation|in a river 
wasp|beetle|HasA|wings
camel|zebra|UsedFor|eating
truck|car|AtLocation|in there
caterpillar|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
broccoli|onions|IsA|vegetable
lamp|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
horse|cat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pony|goat|IsA|carnivore 
clarinet|guitar|HasA|keys
plate|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
cousin|man|HasProperty|a profession
olive|tomato|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
typewriter|spatula|PartOf|drawing
groundhog|mole|HasA|hair/fur
peach|strawberry|IsA|red  or orang
chicken|shrimp|IsA|black and white
arm|neck|AtLocation|on furniture
worker|girl|CapableOf|bear a child
scarf|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
inn|house|IsA|permanent structure
rabbit|fawn|IsA|predator
tape|rocker|IsA|electric 
turtle|crocodile|IsA|amphibian
lobster|trout|HasA|red shell when cooked
cod|catfish|HasA|fins
hare|groundhog|HasA|hair/fur
shoes|trousers|AtLocation|upper part of body
shoulder|fingers|MadeOf|a whole body part
paintbrush|crayon|CapableOf|writing
willow|bed|IsA|tool
rifle|plate|CapableOf|be used in home
meal|soup|HasProperty|mainly meat
cannon|shotgun|IsA|weapon
cockroach|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
blouse|gown|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
rope|plug|UsedFor|can your card used home
corn|garlic|IsA|green vegetable
woman|girl|HasA|the color brown in it
pony|cat|IsA|carnivore
neck|forearm|UsedFor|holding a cup
knee|leg|IsA|plural
tray|plate|AtLocation|on car
bolts|plug|MadeOf|metal
boat|wheel|HasA|wheels
groundhog|rabbit|IsA|predator
spoon|fridge|CapableOf|hold water
octopus|catfish|AtLocation|at sea
knee|shoulder|IsA|plural
rock|fan|MadeOf|steel
cucumber|celery|HasProperty|green
stereo|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rocker|plug|UsedFor|entertainment
skis|boat|AtLocation|in water
magazine|rocker|CapableOf|working
fan|magazine|CapableOf|be use for transportation
apartment|cabin|UsedFor|human living
rabbit|cow|HasA| mane (hair on it)
ant|frog|HasA|walking
son|daughter|IsA|direct relation with you
donkey|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
grenade|tank|HasA|finger trigger
rabbit|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
fridge|blender|UsedFor|heating items up
avocado|raspberry|HasProperty|sweet
banjo|piano|HasA|keys
scissors|razor|PartOf|drawing
forearm|hand|IsA|joint
tap|radio|IsA|digital device
tuba|trumpet|IsA|wind instrument
prune|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
bottle|bucket|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
arm|shoulder|HasProperty|something humans have two of
typewriter|pen|PartOf|what is your name this
saxophone|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
sink|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
spider|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly
gate|house|IsA|permanent structure
banana|avocado|HasA|edible skin (usually)
raccoon|hare|PartOf|herd
girlfriend|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
rope|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
rock|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
guitar|banjo|CapableOf|be played with mouth
spatula|razor|MadeOf|writing
piano|banjo|MadeOf|strings
coat|blouse|HasA|sleeves
strawberry|raspberry|AtLocation|be found on a bush
hare|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
elbow|shoulder|MadeOf|upper body parts
rope|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
pistol|rifle|CapableOf|be used in home
toilet|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
woman|cousin|IsA|male
closet|kettle|UsedFor|making food
blouse|jacket|AtLocation|on your upper torso
skunk|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
giraffe|elk|IsA|predator 
wood|mink|IsA|fragile
hose|bolts|MadeOf|paper
ship|balloon|CapableOf|fly
neck|elbow|CapableOf|carrying objects
eye|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
knee|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
ant|spider|IsA|insect
knife|pencil|MadeOf|writing
camel|hyena|AtLocation|in hot climates 
pants|skirt|UsedFor|wearing
mink|elk|CapableOf|go underground
wheel|screws|HasA|number on it
blood|liver|AtLocation|inside
raspberry|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
harp|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
goat|duck|MadeOf|something edible
nose|finger|IsA|part of the body
harp|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
fan|tap|CapableOf|be turned on
peach|grapefruit|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
mixer|tap|AtLocation|kitchen
screws|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
lamp|clock|IsA|home appliance
mink|hare|AtLocation|on tree
bolts|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
rattlesnake|squirrel|IsA|amphibian
wrist|finger|MadeOf|upper body parts
cat|dog|IsA|teeth
stick|knife|UsedFor|drawing or painting
butterfly|wasp|IsA|plant
jacket|dress|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
guitar|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
boy|nurse|IsA|female (strictly)
avocado|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
crab|lobster|HasA|red shell when cooked
pigeon|vulture|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
clamp|tape|IsA|related to music 
worker|woman|MadeOf|metal
groundhog|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
pants|trousers|IsA|worn on the lower body
coconut|pineapple|IsA|fruit
groundhog|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
screwdriver|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
elk|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
lantern|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
girl|father|IsA|profession
mole|mink|MadeOf|green
drill|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
guitar|harmonica|HasA|keys
harp|cello|HasA|strings
mixer|bolts|HasA|a type of metal
prune|cherry|AtLocation|be found on a bush
turtle|cat|CapableOf|flying
barrel|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
razor|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
chandelier|tray|IsA|home appliance
plum|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
paintbrush|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
fingers|leg|IsA|part of a building
rattlesnake|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
carpet|door|CapableOf|open/close
jacket|shirt|AtLocation|over your knees
finger|neck|MadeOf|upper body parts
rock|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
fridge|oven|UsedFor|keeping things cool
scarf|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
pear|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
mirror|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
dog|sheep|AtLocation|pet store
barrel|hose|UsedFor|building
dress|skirt|PartOf|lower waistline
bolts|drill|UsedFor|restraining things
typewriter|brush|CapableOf|to paint
horse|camel|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
toe|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
trumpet|accordion|HasA|strings
rabbit|skunk|CapableOf|be held 
cigarette|necklace|UsedFor|providing light
banana|grapefruit|HasA|stone inside
wheel|plate|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
shoes|boots|IsA|typically female clothing item
radio|tap|MadeOf|metal
spider|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
bungalow|bed|IsA|red home
hut|bedroom|IsA|religious place
room|ceiling|PartOf|house
sack|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
ceiling|bar|PartOf|body
fan|mixer|MadeOf|paper
zebra|cheetah|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
saucer|pot|MadeOf|metal
screwdriver|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
shoes|trousers|UsedFor|warming upper body
wheel|faucet|UsedFor|entertainment
canoe|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
banana|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
moth|worm|IsA|colorful 
finger|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
aunt|mother|HasA|multiple people pictured
coyote|beaver|HasA|long ear
bike|yacht|MadeOf|metal
perch|salmon|IsA|name begging with c
aunt|mother|AtLocation|in a castle
cherry|avocado|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
plug|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
fingers|hand|AtLocation|upper body
clamp|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
jeans|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
fawn|beaver|HasA|hair/fur
boat|truck|UsedFor|snow
tiger|cart|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
prune|garlic|HasA|stone 
arm|fingers|AtLocation|upper body
fan|radio|MadeOf|metal
mackerel|salmon|AtLocation|in sea
building|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
neck|hand|HasProperty|upper body
thigh|leg|IsA|joint
crocodile|camel|IsA|type of cat
crocodile|iguana|HasProperty|poisonous
camel|zebra|IsA|has horns
coyote|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
girlfriend|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
toilet|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
frog|moth|HasA|walking
toe|eye|HasA|bones
eel|catfish|AtLocation|at sea
prune|raspberry|IsA|long fruit
jacket|skirt|HasProperty|something that is worn
wheel|pipe|HasProperty|part of a car
dog|pony|IsA|carnivore
hose|wheel|IsA|firearm
mother|princess|UsedFor|transportation
bungalow|bedroom|IsA|religious place
neck|arm|IsA|body part
window|walls|PartOf|building
lamb|potato|HasProperty|red
raft|boat|HasProperty|usually a large size
skateboard|tractor|AtLocation|in there
bean|chocolate|IsA|liquid
screws|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
iguana|snail|CapableOf|be found in the water
gown|dress|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
camel|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
drill|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
cow|goat|IsA|carnivore 
chocolate|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
bolts|rocket|IsA|vessel
coconut|grapefruit|HasA|usually inedible skin
room|window|HasA|diagram on it
groundhog|rattlesnake|AtLocation|carnivorous
coyote|squirrel|HasA|hair/fur
pen|drill|HasProperty|cutting
aunt|girlfriend|IsA|male
squirrel|beetle|IsA|plant
church|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
squirrel|coyote|PartOf|herd
pencil|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
cousin|princess|IsA|male
orange|grapefruit|IsA|red  or orang
rocket|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
rabbit|cow|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pen|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
bed|gate|IsA|religious place
pony|donkey|HasProperty|fluffy
willow|bed|IsA|weapon 
pencil|chisel|CapableOf|print
candle|chandelier|UsedFor|providing light
crocodile|iguana|HasA|legs
mother|man|HasProperty|steel
butterfly|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
wheel|hose|CapableOf|be used in home
cat|turtle|IsA|bug
dishwasher|cupboard|UsedFor|heating items up
sofa|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
caterpillar|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
chisel|spatula|MadeOf|leather
finger|arm|IsA|part of a building
frog|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
worm|beetle|CapableOf|fly
moth|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
raft|canoe|UsedFor|water
salad|steak|HasA|meat
chicken|lobster|IsA|black and white
ceiling|tower|MadeOf|wood
orange|cheese|MadeOf|juice making
jacket|coat|HasA|wheel
pants|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
cousin|girl|IsA|car
prince|daughter|IsA|family member
spider|caterpillar|IsA|slow mover
cherry|tomato|IsA|vegetable
wrist|elbow|HasA|nails
caterpillar|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
freezer|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
eagle|vulture|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
beetle|worm|IsA|insect
crab|lobster|HasA|big claws
skis|scooter|UsedFor|single person transport
squid|perch|AtLocation|on a farm
goat|duck|IsA|food
nose|brow|CapableOf| taste
tape|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
wheel|scooter|UsedFor|snow
trumpet|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
sheep|frog|CapableOf|be domesticated
finger|elbow|PartOf|lower body
door|bed|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
drill|spatula|UsedFor|crafts
screws|drill|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
tray|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
corn|pepper|IsA|fruit
rifle|cannon|IsA|vessel
mixer|rope|CapableOf|provide water
banjo|guitar|HasProperty|played with a bow
ceiling|finger|PartOf|house
coconut|cheese|CapableOf|spices
drill|pliers|MadeOf|plastic too
knee|finger|IsA|plural
shoulder|wrist|AtLocation|in your upper body
elbow|blood|IsA|organ
worker|cousin|IsA|female
rope|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
pliers|comb|CapableOf|writing
pony|camel|UsedFor|a mode of transport
coat|sack|IsA|worn on the lower body
bathroom|tower|PartOf|body
buzzard|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
flea|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
harmonica|trombone|HasA|reed to make it work
groundhog|rattlesnake|HasA|long ear
raft|skis|UsedFor|eating
frog|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
screws|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
ant|beetle|HasA|no legs
wheel|screws|IsA|vessel
goat|pony|IsA|carnivore
cod|perch|AtLocation|at sea
dress|clock|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
blouse|gown|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
arm|finger|MadeOf|upper body parts
tomato|lime|IsA|vegetable
cow|horse|UsedFor|food products
sheep|dog|UsedFor|riding
mole|otter|IsA|otter
deer|porcupine|CapableOf|be held 
vulture|falcon|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
elephant|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
cousin|uncle|IsA|direct relation
floor|walls|UsedFor|working with computer
dishwasher|tray|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
bedroom|bed|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
curtains|wall|CapableOf|contain items
pliers|brush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
skunk|hare|CapableOf|live in water
pony|deer|IsA|carnivore 
camel|dog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
foot|thigh|HasProperty|below the waist 
moth|ant|IsA|insect
bolts|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
saxophone|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
rabbit|lamb|HasProperty|red
worker|nurse|UsedFor|food
razor|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
truck|boat|MadeOf|metal
bacon|chocolate|IsA|diary food
fridge|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
avocado|cucumber|HasProperty|green
barrel|plate|CapableOf|destroy a building
building|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
beaver|skunk|CapableOf|attack human
bag|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
deer|frog|HasA|fur
dress|jacket|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
throat|mouth|IsA|part of the body
cheetah|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
cello|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
caterpillar|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
coconut|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
blender|kettle|HasA|electrical parts
girl|aunt|HasProperty|female
screws|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
eel|chicken|IsA|fish
harmonica|guitar|HasA|keys
elbow|wrist|HasProperty|bendable
brush|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
duck|lamb|IsA|meat or animal
raccoon|mink|MadeOf|green
raspberry|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
avocado|grapefruit|IsA|long fruit
cupboard|closet|CapableOf|can you sit on it
brush|knife|CapableOf|writing
rock|fan|UsedFor|keeping things cool
prune|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
starling|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
chapel|hut|AtLocation|at your home
woman|girlfriend|PartOf|hospital staff
sister|cousin|HasProperty|older than you
plug|bolts|CapableOf|be turned on
shoulder|hand|HasProperty|lower body
tent|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
dress|coat|IsA|item of clothing
faucet|tap|UsedFor|water
olive|garlic|IsA|vegetable
beaver|squirrel|HasA|hooves
bed|sofa|IsA|furniture
chapel|inn|HasA| place for worship
pony|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
squirrel|raccoon|AtLocation|water usually
scooter|buggy|AtLocation|in there
tiger|bison|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
guitar|saxophone|IsA|wind instrument
pen|brush|IsA|construction tool
onions|corn|IsA|purple vegetable
cousin|daughter|IsA|sibling
buffalo|deer|IsA|predator 
lamp|lantern|IsA|home appliance
caterpillar|snail|IsA|insect
dress|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
rattlesnake|ant|AtLocation|nature
truck|bike|UsedFor|water
cannon|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
colander|sink|CapableOf|scoop things
screwdriver|spatula|UsedFor|writing
screwdriver|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
arm|neck|IsA|limb
scissors|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
daughter|actress|HasProperty|a picture of a female
willow|birch|HasProperty|alive
worm|moth|IsA|plant
sink|ladle|IsA|appliance
bike|tractor|AtLocation|in water
lemon|coconut|IsA|vegetable
arm|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
radio|stereo|IsA|electric 
hose|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
trousers|dress|AtLocation|foot
chisel|scissors|CapableOf|writing
muscle|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
woman|actress|IsA|car
rifle|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
hose|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
wall|bedroom|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
ant|turtle|IsA|colorful 
fingers|hand|HasProperty|lower body
knife|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
elephant|crocodile|IsA|something a farmer would own
jacket|dress|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
princess|girl|IsA|car
cow|sheep|IsA|carnivore 
pipe|barrel|MadeOf|metal
banana|grapefruit|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
scissors|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
hand|leg|HasA|foot attached 
deer|caribou|IsA|has horns
snail|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
tap|clamp|HasA|a type of metal
cheese|lemon|UsedFor|testy
flute|trombone|HasA|keyboard
closet|sink|CapableOf|can you sit on it
rocker|microwave|CapableOf|working
toe|leg|IsA|plural
magazine|rope|UsedFor|entertainment
faucet|rope|IsA|digital device
princess|nurse|PartOf|hospital staff
cat|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
girl|wife|HasProperty|a picture of a female
wasp|butterfly|IsA|crustecean
orange|cherry|IsA|vegetable
barrel|tank|PartOf|any of various units of 
fan|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
woman|girlfriend|HasProperty|female
wife|girlfriend|IsA|profession
microwave|fridge|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
scissors|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
pear|avocado|PartOf|a red the color of
garlic|corn|HasProperty|green
fawn|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
building|church|IsA|component of a home
typewriter|screwdriver|IsA|metal
grenade|shotgun|HasA|caterpillar treads
wheel|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
bed|cabin|IsA|red home
worm|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
helicopter|balloon|IsA| mode of transportation 
saxophone|trumpet|IsA|instruments with buttons
barrel|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
dress|trousers|UsedFor|feet
sofa|wall|CapableOf|open/close
toilet|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
zebra|giraffe|HasA|antlers/tusks
raccoon|skunk|HasA|hair/fur
shoulder|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
frog|sheep|IsA|teeth
hyena|cougar|MadeOf|a living thing
paper|skunk|CapableOf|burn
porcupine|squirrel|HasProperty|originated from north america
cottage|inn|IsA|permanent structure
toe|knees|PartOf|lower body
door|fridge|UsedFor|heating items up
rock|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
trout|perch|IsA|card facing left
zebra|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
blender|spoon|CapableOf|be held in your hand
wasp|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
worker|boy|IsA|professional
squirrel|ant|IsA|colorful 
frog|mouse|PartOf|jumping
plug|rope|CapableOf|make sound
brush|comb|HasProperty|cutting
cherry|raspberry|HasProperty|sweet
tent|gate|HasProperty|a black and white picture
actress|princess|AtLocation|in a hospital
skirt|coat|AtLocation|on neck
screwdriver|pliers|CapableOf|writing
comb|chisel|CapableOf|writing
pen|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
octopus|shrimp|AtLocation|on a farm
beaver|raccoon|IsA|mammal
sofa|door|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
worm|spider|HasA|wings
chandelier|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
apartment|bed|IsA|religious place
hare|groundhog|IsA|mammal
sailboat|boat|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
kite|pigeon|HasA|start with a p
sheep|dog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
shotgun|grenade|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
mink|fawn|HasA|hair/fur
tower|room|IsA|body part
lamp|lantern|UsedFor|lighting
blouse|bag|AtLocation|on your upper torso
rocket|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
actress|girl|IsA|female
tongue|nose|PartOf|face
boots|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
cannon|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
cat|turtle|CapableOf|flying
blouse|gown|HasA|sleeves
ship|boat|IsA| mode of transportation 
beaver|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
prince|uncle|IsA|family
radio|fan|IsA|electric 
screws|rope|UsedFor|harm
tent|inn|HasProperty|for the rich
elephant|camel|HasA|stripes
elk|deer|HasA|antlers/tusks
scissors|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
wife|nurse|HasProperty|a picture of a female
asparagus|trout|IsA|mollusk
beaver|coyote|HasA|horn
king|daughter|IsA|male
car|jeep|CapableOf|hold more than one person
sandwich|salad|IsA|diary food
sheep|camel|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
otter|squirrel|HasA|long ears
forearm|finger|HasProperty|upper body
beetle|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
sparrow|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
neck|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
buffalo|elephant|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
stereo|rocker|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
floor|walls|HasProperty|indoor
foot|toe|AtLocation|on lower body
liver|body|IsA|limb
stereo|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
typewriter|crayon|CapableOf|print
grapefruit|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
radio|mixer|CapableOf|be turned on
rope|bolts|IsA|firearm
frog|cat|HasA|walking
son|father|AtLocation|in a royal family
cod|catfish|IsA|name begging with c
floor|roof|PartOf|building
porcupine|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
mouth|lips|IsA|pink face feature
clock|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
house|gate|UsedFor|a place of worship
steak|sandwich|UsedFor|dinner
rope|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
giraffe|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
garlic|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
boy|cousin|IsA|professional
prune|cherry|IsA|long fruit
father|daughter|IsA|family member
porcupine|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
boat|raft|AtLocation|in there
banana|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
tap|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
plum|pineapple|IsA|physical fruit or veg
strawberry|grapefruit|IsA|red  or orang
plum|orange|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
tractor|buggy|CapableOf|hold more than one person
jacket|shirt|HasA|wheel
wife|actress|PartOf|close blood relative
beans|corn|HasProperty|needs peeling
raspberry|cherry|HasA|(usually) edible skin
flea|wasp|IsA|bug
skunk|mink|CapableOf|running fast
ceiling|tower|IsA|part of a building
neck|bar|PartOf|room
pen|spatula|PartOf|drawing
lamp|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
tank|raft|UsedFor|eating
wheel|rifle|IsA|vessel
plate|bolts|IsA|firearm
tape|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
bayonet|spear|HasProperty|alive
harp|guitar|HasA|keys
comb|typewriter|UsedFor|cooking
actress|doctor|IsA|female
radio|clamp|MadeOf|metal
gown|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
coyote|mole|HasProperty|living in water
chocolate|potatoes|IsA|colour red
buzzard|seagull|HasProperty|a predator
groundhog|elk|HasA|hair/fur
elk|deer|HasA|hooves
microwave|dishwasher|CapableOf|be plugged in
crocodile|zebra|IsA|like a cat
guitar|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
daughter|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
mink|raccoon|AtLocation|underground
chapel|cottage|HasA|own altar
salmon|eel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
corn|garlic|IsA|fruit
lemon|orange|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
hose|magazine|IsA|digital device
actress|cousin|IsA|family member
arm|ankle|IsA|limb
girlfriend|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
bike|truck|AtLocation|in water
coconut|lemon|IsA|physical fruit or veg
rattlesnake|mink|CapableOf|go underground
bolts|magazine|IsA|related to music 
rabbit|cat|IsA|household pet
worker|boy|HasA|head
banjo|accordion|HasA|keys
tower|window|IsA|body part
thigh|foot|PartOf|upper body
neck|fingers|IsA|joint
deck|bathroom|PartOf|human body
floor|bar|IsA|part of a building
tiger|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
bolts|radio|CapableOf|provide water
wheel|plate|AtLocation|on car
inn|chapel|IsA|place to live permanently
muscle|liver|HasA|bones
alligator|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
garlic|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
kettle|dishwasher|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
wheel|car|HasA|wheels
magazine|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
son|daughter|IsA|title
salmon|tuna|HasA|legs/tentacles 
rabbit|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
cherry|pear|PartOf|a red the color of
girlfriend|mother|IsA|car
trombone|accordion|UsedFor|sound
mink|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
raccoon|mink|AtLocation|water usually
sauce|salad|MadeOf|several ingredients
pants|wheelbarrow|HasA|wheel
freezer|blender|PartOf|kitchen appliance
spatula|typewriter|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
rope|tap|MadeOf|metal/steel
donkey|dog|CapableOf|be domesticated
mother|wife|PartOf|hospital staff
cottage|apartment|IsA|religious place
drill|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
bean|bacon|HasA|meat
princess|nurse|IsA|family member
wrist|shoulder|PartOf|upper body
rabbit|mole|AtLocation|water usually
liquor|beer|IsA|alcohol
church|apartment|IsA|component of a home
squirrel|cow|HasA|eating
sofa|carpet|UsedFor|storage
butterfly|ant|HasA|walking
coconut|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
skateboard|skis|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
bolts|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
harmonica|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
cod|perch|HasA|legs/tentacles 
snail|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
guitar|violin|CapableOf|easily carried around
deer|frog|UsedFor|riding
radio|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
tiger|donkey|AtLocation|jungle
woman|boy|IsA|job or profession
bolts|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
banana|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
kettle|dishwasher|UsedFor|cooking food
toe|nail|AtLocation|on head
tuba|harmonica|HasA|keys
thermometer|clock|UsedFor|lighting
tiger|bison|IsA|typical pet
salad|bacon|HasA|meat
fridge|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
actress|princess|HasA|a blood relation with you
dress|socks|HasA|sleeves
wheel|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
woman|worker|IsA|family member
parakeet|stork|HasA|large wing span
crocodile|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
gun|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
eagle|falcon|AtLocation|at a beach
cockroach|frog|IsA|colorful 
yacht|skis|AtLocation|in there
cougar|cheetah|IsA|type of big cat
pear|cherry|HasA|edible skin
coyote|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
rattlesnake|moth|IsA|colorful 
jeep|buggy|HasA|an engine
toaster|fridge|CapableOf|be plugged in
building|barn|HasA|start with a b
inn|gate|HasA|own altar
harmonica|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
harpsichord|violin|UsedFor|sound
wheel|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
church|bed|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
girlfriend|worker|HasProperty|a picture of a female
flea|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
comb|knife|HasProperty|cutting
strawberry|pear|HasA|edible skin
plate|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
window|bathroom|UsedFor|working with computer
sugar|salad|UsedFor|recipes 
cathedral|church|IsA|religion buildings
porcupine|elk|IsA|mammal
apartment|cabin|PartOf|set of furniture
razor|knife|CapableOf|writing
hare|porcupine|AtLocation|carnivorous
alligator|turtle|HasA|four feet
room|bathroom|PartOf|another card 
father|worker|IsA|professional
jeans|dress|AtLocation|above the feet
rabbit|sheep|IsA|typical pet
comb|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pencil|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
gorilla|zebra|IsA|herbivore
radio|oven|MadeOf|steel
avocado|eggplant|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
kite|starling|HasA|large wing span
nail|liver|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
toaster|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pear|raspberry|IsA|fruit
fan|tap|UsedFor|entertainment
beetle|frog|IsA|colorful 
walls|tower|MadeOf|wood
truck|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
woman|mother|IsA|female
chapel|building|IsA|component of a home
banjo|piano|UsedFor|sound
crocodile|zebra|HasA|tail
screwdriver|chisel|CapableOf|writing
clamp|tape|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
plug|rock|IsA|mostly black in colour
otter|skunk|CapableOf|running fast
cat|moth|IsA|colorful 
duck|kite|HasA|wings
floor|window|HasProperty|indoor
microwave|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
inn|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
saucer|ship|CapableOf|fly
house|bungalow|IsA|place to live permanently
sheep|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
toaster|cupboard|CapableOf|hold water
mackerel|chicken|HasA|red shell when cooked
raccoon|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
spider|frog|IsA|household pet
paintbrush|pen|HasA|wax
coconut|orange|HasProperty|yellow
tuna|eel|IsA|name begging with c
harp|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
raccoon|mink|IsA|sad
dog|camel|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
freezer|fridge|IsA|electrical appliance
lantern|candle|AtLocation|on the ceiling
magazine|rock|UsedFor|keeping things cool
chapel|bed|IsA|permanent structure
cow|elephant|AtLocation|jungle
candle|scarf|CapableOf|move
pencil|typewriter|IsA|cuting
garlic|avocado|UsedFor|cooking
roof|tower|AtLocation|outside of a home
cherry|garlic|IsA|vegetable
blender|dishwasher|UsedFor|storing food 
elbow|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
room|walls|UsedFor|working with computer
barrel|cannon|CapableOf|be held in a hand
boots|trousers|UsedFor|feet protection
deer|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
boy|woman|IsA|profession
arm|leg|PartOf|body
faucet|bolts|PartOf|tire
blouse|jacket|AtLocation|over your knees
pencil|stick|CapableOf|to paint
knife|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for drawing
rope|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
sandwich|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
pony|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
church|gate|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
tape|clamp|MadeOf|paper
donkey|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
microwave|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
fawn|elk|HasProperty|living in water
pliers|drill|HasA|sharp edge
roof|tower|PartOf|building
spatula|knife|UsedFor|drawing or painting
sheep|pony|IsA|something a farmer would own
fridge|stove|UsedFor|cooking food
pigeon|falcon|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
rope|barrel|CapableOf|be used in home
porcupine|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
rope|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
coyote|elk|HasProperty|living in water
toe|ankle|HasA|bones
actress|woman|HasProperty|exclusively female
knife|scissors|CapableOf|print
banana|cranberry|HasA|stone 
wife|girlfriend|HasProperty|exclusively female
coyote|mink|HasA|long ears
mink|raccoon|PartOf|herd
skunk|mole|PartOf|plant
cat|bison|HasA|fur
inn|cottage|UsedFor|religious gatherings
cougar|hyena|UsedFor|crossing deserts
shoulder|finger|PartOf|upper body
mole|deer|CapableOf|live in water
knees|foot|PartOf|upper body
door|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
tap|faucet|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
crab|eel|IsA|fish
rock|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
worker|man|HasA|color
orange|coconut|HasProperty|green
typewriter|drill|CapableOf|to paint
banjo|guitar|CapableOf|be played with mouth
cart|tiger|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
raccoon|deer|HasProperty|living in water
bolts|drill|IsA|firearm
rocker|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
rabbit|tiger|IsA|teeth
tank|cannon|HasProperty|made for violence
turtle|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
saxophone|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
salad|sandwich|IsA|diary food
kidney|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
leg|arm|AtLocation|below the waist
avocado|coconut|IsA|vegetable
boy|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
son|father|IsA|title
spider|beetle|IsA|bug
house|hut|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
elephant|crocodile|HasA|long neck
cabin|cottage|IsA|relatively small
frog|crocodile|HasA|fur
avocado|coconut|IsA|fruit
screwdriver|drill|CapableOf|writing
radio|stereo|UsedFor|music related entertainment
hose|stereo|UsedFor|can your card used home
squirrel|mink|PartOf|herd
catfish|eel|HasA|shell
perch|octopus|AtLocation|at sea
colander|kettle|UsedFor|washing dishes
toe|leg|PartOf|the upper body
potatoes|salad|IsA|colour red
room|tower|AtLocation|above your head in general
squirrel|skunk|AtLocation|carnivorous
frog|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
grapefruit|pineapple|IsA|citrus fruit
giraffe|gorilla|AtLocation|in water
blender|dishwasher|CapableOf|be plugged in
elephant|horse|IsA|object
oven|rocker|MadeOf|steel
carpet|sofa|UsedFor|lighting
tray|clock|UsedFor|lighting
bag|shoes|HasA|sleeves
aunt|princess|HasProperty|female
stereo|mixer|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
pants|clock|UsedFor|wearing
moth|spider|CapableOf|flying
sheep|cat|IsA|something a farmer would own
fingers|hand|HasA|nails
woman|daughter|IsA|female
deer|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
elbow|shoulder|HasA|less than three joints
tape|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
leg|arm|PartOf|human body
butterfly|moth|IsA|insect
stereo|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
dress|coat|IsA|worn on the lower body
pineapple|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
fingers|hand|PartOf|the upper body
hare|rabbit|CapableOf|be held 
beetle|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
orange|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
wasp|caterpillar|HasA|wings
candle|lamp|AtLocation|on the ceiling
skirt|boots|IsA|piece of clothing
cherry|plum|UsedFor|smoothies
candle|mirror|MadeOf|/contain glass
wrist|knee|IsA|joint
crayon|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
leopard|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
frog|snail|CapableOf|flying
violin|accordion|UsedFor|sound
moth|worm|HasProperty|an insect
elephant|camel|HasA|horn
stereo|plug|AtLocation|kitchen
pear|prune|HasA|edible skin (usually)
pliers|scissors|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
bacon|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
tray|cigarette|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
elephant|tiger|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
spatula|screwdriver|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pistol|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
typewriter|scissors|PartOf|drawing
porcupine|squirrel|CapableOf|hunt other animals
house|gate|HasA| place for worship
eagle|falcon|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
rope|magazine|UsedFor|listening to music
meat|sauce|UsedFor|dessert
tank|jeep|AtLocation|in water
pony|cow|IsA|carnivore 
bolts|radio|MadeOf|metal
fawn|hare|HasA|hair/fur
bathroom|room|PartOf|room
bean|supper|HasA|vegetables
shoulder|elbow|UsedFor|holding a cup
cat|flea|IsA|colorful 
frog|rattlesnake|PartOf|water
donkey|frog|IsA|teeth
falcon|eagle|HasA|start with a p
sauce|salad|UsedFor|dessert
cottage|house|UsedFor|sleeping in
shoulder|neck|HasA|nails
rope|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
elephant|elk|UsedFor|travel
faucet|hose|IsA|digital device
screwdriver|scissors|MadeOf|writing
worm|snail|CapableOf|fly
caterpillar|frog|MadeOf|small animals
elephant|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
gown|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
raft|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
goat|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
drill|pistol|CapableOf|be used in home
jeans|trousers|HasProperty|worn below the waist
comb|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
horse|cow|IsA|carnivore 
strainer|plate|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
paintbrush|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
mink|beaver|CapableOf|hunt other animals
grapefruit|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
cow|goat|UsedFor|a source of milk
elk|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
raspberry|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
toe|ankle|UsedFor|a fight
ankle|skin|AtLocation|below the knee
clamp|radio|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
raspberry|pear|HasA|stone 
grenade|rope|CapableOf|use electricity
shoulder|hand|PartOf|upper body
guitar|accordion|HasA|keys
squirrel|rabbit|IsA|household pet
radio|mixer|IsA|related to music 
father|boy|HasProperty|female
pelican|vulture|CapableOf|fly
sack|trousers|UsedFor|transporting things
floor|walls|HasA|diagram on it
jeep|sled|AtLocation|in water
crab|lobster|IsA|black and white
frog|dog|CapableOf|be domesticated
octopus|catfish|HasA|shell
caterpillar|butterfly|IsA|crustecean
father|daughter|IsA|direct relation with you
rifle|pistol|HasA|trigger
barn|bridge|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
tank|wheel|HasA|wheels
worker|daughter|IsA|car
sandwich|salad|HasProperty|mainly meat
celery|onions|UsedFor|meat replacement
caterpillar|snail|IsA|bug
yacht|skis|UsedFor|eating
aunt|princess|UsedFor|transportation
man|cousin|IsA|male
screws|tray|HasProperty|circular
liver|nail|AtLocation|on head
barrel|hose|UsedFor|daily usage 
radio|microwave|CapableOf|be use for transportation
crocodile|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
clamp|magazine|UsedFor|a vehicle
scissors|pencil|MadeOf|writing
caribou|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
cousin|girlfriend|HasA|a blood relation with you
floor|ceiling|IsA|body part
coyote|raccoon|HasA|horn
drill|stick|HasA|sharp edge
cousin|worker|UsedFor|transportation
room|roof|PartOf|room
spatula|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
plate|strainer|PartOf|any of various units of 
crocodile|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
butterfly|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
eagle|vulture|HasProperty|a predator
elbow|arm|UsedFor|waving
sauce|milk|UsedFor|dessert
squirrel|caterpillar|HasA|walking
paintbrush|crayon|CapableOf|make holes 
skunk|beaver|CapableOf|be held 
mother|actress|IsA|female
liver|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
man|girl|HasProperty|steel
freezer|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
skin|neck|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
worker|princess|IsA|family member
hand|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
son|cousin|AtLocation|in a royal family
inn|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
screws|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
banjo|violin|HasA|strings
boy|girl|IsA|family member
bridge|bed|HasA|start with a b
boat|canoe|CapableOf|be used on snow
bar|walls|AtLocation|above your head in general
hare|squirrel|IsA|mink
mixer|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rocket|tank|UsedFor|work
stereo|mixer|HasProperty|related with electricity
mole|raccoon|CapableOf|be held 
coyote|elk|AtLocation|carnivorous
tape|stereo|UsedFor|can your card used home
mixer|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
pencil|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
clamp|rope|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
elephant|donkey|IsA|teeth
chandelier|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
tuna|perch|HasA|red shell when cooked
lemon|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
squirrel|porcupine|AtLocation|underground
fingers|arm|PartOf|body
elbow|wrist|AtLocation|in your upper body
knee|ankle|AtLocation|below the waist 
harmonica|accordion|HasA|keys
bison|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
skirt|dress|HasA|two seperate pant legs
asparagus|octopus|IsA|fish
church|cathedral|IsA|public building (typically)
potatoes|sugar|IsA|diary food
trombone|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
pliers|scissors|CapableOf|print
wasp|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
shrimp|octopus|IsA|fish
magazine|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
crab|tuna|IsA|water animal
cherry|plum|IsA|fruit
cucumber|olive|HasProperty|green
cannon|tank|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
pen|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
brother|father|IsA|family
wood|skunk|CapableOf|burn
shoes|dress|UsedFor|feet protection
foot|leg|AtLocation|below the waist 
nurse|actress|UsedFor|transportation
skunk|fawn|HasA|hair/fur
trombone|banjo|HasA|keyboard
vulture|duck|HasA|start with a p
strawberry|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
cow|frog|IsA|teeth
paintbrush|spatula|CapableOf|be used for hair
tuna|catfish|HasA|legs
clarinet|accordion|HasA|strings
blood|kidney|AtLocation|on the inside
trombone|saxophone|MadeOf|metal
crocodile|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
saucer|jet|CapableOf|fly
bone|kidney|AtLocation|on the inside
gun|pistol|MadeOf|wood (partially)
knees|shoulder|IsA|joint
gun|shotgun|UsedFor|firing artillery
tuna|cod|HasA|fins
dishwasher|sink|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
elephant|deer|IsA|predator 
supper|bean|HasProperty|meaty
cannon|tank|UsedFor|harm
toe|shoulder|CapableOf|carrying objects
fan|tap|IsA|mostly black in colour
father|son|IsA|direct relation with you
rabbit|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
hand|forearm|HasProperty|something humans have two of
squid|chicken|HasA|legs
skirt|blouse|UsedFor|protection
typewriter|pencil|IsA|cuting
prune|plum|HasA|edible skin
plate|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
ceiling|floor|PartOf|a house
bathroom|window|AtLocation|on the outside of building
avocado|celery|HasProperty|green (most part)
snail|elephant|IsA|mammal
forearm|finger|AtLocation|upper body
apartment|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
forearm|neck|AtLocation|upper body
mink|rabbit|HasA|hair/fur
pear|strawberry|HasA|edible skin
wheelbarrow|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
pen|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
turtle|flea|IsA|plant
eel|octopus|AtLocation|on a farm
strawberry|orange|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
coat|sack|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
nurse|man|HasA|color
shoulder|neck|AtLocation|below where a watch is
actress|mother|HasA|a blood relation with you
bone|blood|AtLocation|on head
neck|hand|PartOf|building
arm|bone|IsA|limb
sauce|milk|MadeOf|cup
wasp|spider|MadeOf|small animals
scissors|brush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
skunk|rabbit|IsA|sad
snail|turtle|HasA|walking
plug|stereo|AtLocation|at an electronics store
wheel|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
cow|sheep|IsA|something a farmer would own
clock|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
toe|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
tape|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
barn|bedroom|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
uncle|king|IsA|man
pipe|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
father|uncle|IsA|direct relation
accordion|bagpipe|IsA|brass instrument
chisel|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
deer|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
pear|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
garlic|olive|HasA|seeds
raccoon|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
potatoes|butter|IsA|colour red
nurse|worker|IsA|noun
elk|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
skirt|cloak|HasProperty|something that is worn
room|floor|MadeOf|wood
garlic|pepper|HasProperty|green
plum|grapefruit|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
fan|plug|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
toe|finger|PartOf|the upper body
finger|neck|HasProperty|upper body
faucet|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
skunk|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
raccoon|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
meal|sandwich|UsedFor|dinner
pine|willow|HasProperty|alive
neck|ankle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
magazine|oven|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
wrist|hand|AtLocation|below waist
elephant|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
kettle|toaster|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
chisel|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
bolts|rocker|MadeOf|paper
pliers|drill|CapableOf|print
hare|rabbit|HasA|long ears
donkey|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
stereo|magazine|UsedFor|music related entertainment
wasp|caterpillar|HasA|walking
wrist|shoulder|HasProperty|upper body
tower|floor|CapableOf|be used home
hose|rope|UsedFor|daily usage 
harpsichord|harmonica|HasA|keys
barrel|rope|UsedFor|shooting
coat|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
mother|girl|HasA|head
lime|coconut|UsedFor|testy
stick|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
ankle|forearm|IsA|plural
brother|father|IsA|female
perch|squid|IsA|black and white
goat|donkey|HasA|hooves
cannon|rocket|CapableOf|be held in a hand
pliers|crayon|CapableOf|print
beetle|turtle|IsA|plant
ox|caribou|HasA|horn
elbow|shoulder|UsedFor|holding an apple
elbow|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
stick|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
jet|helicopter|CapableOf|float 
pants|trousers|AtLocation|foot
grapefruit|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
sugar|steak|IsA|liquid
wall|bed|UsedFor|sleep
drill|rifle|CapableOf|be used in home
mirror|cigarette|AtLocation|neck
garlic|lemon|IsA|fruit
rifle|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
perch|salmon|CapableOf|come in a tin
chapel|inn|IsA|permanent structure
squirrel|deer|CapableOf|go underground
jeans|jacket|UsedFor|transporting things
otter|skunk|IsA|sad
giraffe|camel|HasA|stripes
sack|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
cannon|grenade|CapableOf|use electricity
actress|woman|HasA|pay check
tap|magazine|IsA|related to music 
sack|dress|IsA|worn on the lower body
hand|fingers|PartOf|body
wheel|pipe|CapableOf|destroy a building
toe|skin|AtLocation|inside
fan|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
raccoon|mole|AtLocation|on tree
worker|girl|IsA|noun
octopus|crab|HasA|fins
spoon|ladle|MadeOf|steel mostly
coyote|hare|HasA|hooves
perch|octopus|IsA|fish
donkey|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
hand|bar|PartOf|room
dishwasher|freezer|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
hare|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
potatoes|butter|IsA|meat
knee|leg|AtLocation|below the waist 
tower|roof|HasA|diagram on it
caribou|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
camel|dog|CapableOf|be domesticated
skin|hair|AtLocation|below your waist
pigeon|vulture|HasA|start with a p
harmonica|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
man|woman|UsedFor|food
bridge|church|IsA|permanent structure
deer|camel|IsA|type of big cat
duck|eagle|HasA|long beak
lemon|olive|IsA|vegetable
coconut|strawberry|IsA|fruit
jeans|pants|HasA|sleeves
skateboard|wheel|HasProperty|consuming fuel
soup|sandwich|IsA|meat
wall|sofa|MadeOf|wood typically
hose|rope|IsA|electronic device
wheel|pipe|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
elephant|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
rocker|tape|CapableOf|provide water
fingers|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
pants|coat|AtLocation|on neck
bolts|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
duck|pelican|HasA|start with a p
donkey|cat|UsedFor|food products
brow|nose|CapableOf| taste
deer|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
fan|tape|MadeOf|paper
tank|cannon|HasA|trigger
salmon|eel|AtLocation|at sea
gun|cannon|HasA|caterpillar treads
salmon|cod|HasA|legs/tentacles 
pistol|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
raspberry|grapefruit|IsA|fruit
girlfriend|mother|PartOf|hospital staff
hut|cottage|HasProperty|part of a plane
tray|lantern|UsedFor|wearing
milk|sugar|UsedFor|recipes 
microwave|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
wheel|mixer|IsA|digital device
rabbit|chicken|IsA|animal
chisel|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
stereo|tape|MadeOf|metal
comb|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
avocado|grapefruit|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
groundhog|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
brush|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
bed|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pencil|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
milk|chocolate|CapableOf|fry
saucer|balloon|IsA| mode of transportation 
potatoes|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
brother|daughter|IsA|direct relation
actress|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
magazine|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
faucet|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
pear|banana|HasA|yellow color
razor|knife|MadeOf|writing
skunk|rabbit|AtLocation|carnivorous
duck|chicken|MadeOf|red
clamp|radio|MadeOf|paper
hand|shoulder|PartOf|the upper body
scooter|skateboard|PartOf|bicycle
plum|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
spoon|saucer|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
boy|girl|CapableOf|bear a child
onions|avocado|IsA|green vegetable 
mug|saucer|MadeOf|metal
pencil|crayon|HasA|bushy tail
girlfriend|cousin|HasProperty|male
jacket|wheelbarrow|HasA|wheel
coyote|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
forearm|leg|IsA|joint
cherry|grapefruit|IsA|red  or orang
ceiling|walls|PartOf|garage
razor|comb|PartOf|drawing
skirt|pants|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
spatula|crayon|CapableOf|be used for hair
scooter|bike|HasA|engine
tape|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
turtle|frog|IsA|insect
pistol|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pistol|cannon|CapableOf|be launched/fired
avocado|plum|IsA|red  or orang
tray|pipe|MadeOf|metal
octopus|chicken|HasA|fins
mother|sister|IsA|profession
shrimp|crab|HasA|legs
cloak|blouse|HasProperty|something that can be worn
caterpillar|ant|HasProperty|an insect
microwave|dishwasher|PartOf|kitchen appliance
arm|foot|IsA|joint
apartment|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
sheep|donkey|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
wife|cousin|PartOf|hospital staff
floor|room|UsedFor|defense
deer|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
blouse|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
accordion|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
tape|plug|CapableOf|make sound
eel|salmon|HasA|name beginning with c
bridge|hut|IsA|permanent structure
dove|seagull|CapableOf|be a household pet
yacht|sled|UsedFor|riding on water
house|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
clamp|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
butterfly|worm|HasA|walking
pencil|pen|PartOf|drawing
crocodile|iguana|HasA|trunk
eye|neck|AtLocation|on head
hand|arm|PartOf|building
chicken|lobster|IsA|mollusk
foot|toe|PartOf|the images displayed
helicopter|airplane|CapableOf|fly
hair|bone|AtLocation|on head
raccoon|skunk|CapableOf|hunt other animals
grenade|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pine|birch|IsA|weapon 
pen|crayon|IsA|cuting
bucket|saucer|MadeOf|metal
trout|cod|IsA|card facing left
coat|skirt|UsedFor|covering legs
sparrow|kite|CapableOf|be a household pet
jacket|bag|UsedFor|transporting things
prune|raspberry|HasA|big seed
leopard|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
aunt|girlfriend|IsA|car
girlfriend|worker|IsA|car
tiger|crocodile|IsA|teeth
lobster|tuna|IsA|mollusk
clamp|rocker|IsA|electric 
mixer|faucet|CapableOf|be turned on
woman|mother|HasA|pay check
cat|rabbit|HasA|horn on head
rope|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
bike|scooter|CapableOf|hold more than one person
bag|dress|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
trousers|jeans|AtLocation|upper part of body
cow|pony|IsA|something a farmer would own
drill|stick|UsedFor|grooming
bedroom|cupboard|CapableOf|contain items
mink|tin|IsA|bottle
actress|mother|HasProperty|exclusively female
dishwasher|tray|UsedFor|heating items up
hand|wrist|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
strainer|pipe|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
grenade|gun|IsA|thrown item
rope|plug|CapableOf|provide water
rabbit|coyote|CapableOf|hunt other animals
tape|wheel|IsA|related to music 
toaster|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
paintbrush|pencil|MadeOf|only metal
frog|caterpillar|HasA|walking
gown|dress|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
stove|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
foot|fingers|IsA|joint
bolts|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
floor|walls|HasA|glass
deer|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
zebra|camel|IsA|like a cat
skateboard|scooter|CapableOf|roll
hare|porcupine|CapableOf|hunt other animals
rocker|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
screws|bolts|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
wheel|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
plug|faucet|UsedFor|entertainment
liquor|salad|IsA|diary food
orange|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
bridge|gate|UsedFor|a place of worship
giraffe|gorilla|IsA|has horns
woman|girl|IsA|noun
mole|groundhog|CapableOf|hunt other animals
screws|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
beetle|cat|AtLocation|nature
stereo|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
window|ceiling|UsedFor|tiling
turtle|caterpillar|HasA|walking
knife|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
doctor|aunt|IsA|male
curtains|sofa|UsedFor|storage
accordion|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
vulture|duck|CapableOf|fly
duck|onions|HasProperty|furry
bolts|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
bathroom|floor|AtLocation|in your apartment
rifle|cannon|CapableOf|used in war
squirrel|moth|IsA|colorful 
razor|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
freezer|toaster|IsA|electrical appliance
supper|salad|HasProperty|eaten for breakfast
coyote|deer|IsA|mammal
hand|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
cougar|camel|IsA|type of cat
goat|cat|UsedFor|riding
bolts|mixer|HasA|a type of metal
elephant|buffalo|HasA|antlers/tusks
candle|lantern|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
camel|cow|HasA|fur
plum|peach|HasA|single hard pit
man|father|CapableOf|become pregnant 
arm|forearm|HasProperty|upper body
forearm|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
dog|rabbit|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
raspberry|garlic|HasA|usually inedible skin
throat|neck|IsA|part of the body
finger|floor|PartOf|room
hut|inn|AtLocation|at your home
woman|princess|IsA|family member
rabbit|cat|HasA|tail
piano|trombone|HasA|valves
prune|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
spoon|blender|CapableOf|make things cold
freezer|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
prune|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
robe|jacket|HasProperty|something that can be worn
lips|mouth|IsA|part of the body
worm|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
falcon|duck|HasA|wings
tiger|frog|HasProperty|carnivorous
tray|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
iguana|elephant|HasA|a shell
bolts|hose|CapableOf|be used in home
paintbrush|chisel|MadeOf|writing
clamp|tape|HasProperty|round shaped
toe|arm|IsA|plural
boat|tank|HasA|wheels
strawberry|grapefruit|IsA|fruit
harpsichord|guitar|HasA|keys
beaver|coyote|HasA|hooves
bolts|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
skateboard|car|UsedFor|single person transport
bucket|bottle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
leg|thigh|PartOf|lower body
gorilla|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
roof|room|IsA|body part
coconut|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
hose|screws|UsedFor|daily usage 
butter|beer|UsedFor|drinking
dishwasher|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
barrel|strainer|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
boat|yacht|HasA|motor
faucet|mixer|AtLocation|kitchen
magazine|fan|IsA|related to music 
house|gate|IsA|permanent structure
raft|wheel|HasA|wheels
ox|bison|HasA|horns 
pipe|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
cannon|pistol|UsedFor|harm
pony|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
banana|grapefruit|HasA|usually inedible skin
oven|blender|CapableOf|be plugged in
hand|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
kettle|spoon|CapableOf|make things cold
dove|owl|HasA|large wingspan
colander|sink|HasProperty|consuming electricity
rope|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
stereo|tape|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
porcupine|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
faucet|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
tuna|mackerel|HasA|legs
tuba|bagpipe|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
skunk|mink|CapableOf|burn
nurse|boy|HasA|friends on it
ant|cockroach|HasProperty|an insect
peach|cherry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
mackerel|catfish|HasA|fins
steak|salad|HasA|meat
knees|toe|AtLocation|below waist
duck|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
birch|willow|IsA|tool
camel|zebra|HasA|antlers/tusks
bolts|rope|CapableOf|use electricity
pen|stick|UsedFor|grooming
bacon|soup|HasA|vegetable(s)
elephant|tiger|IsA|predator 
guitar|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
father|cousin|IsA|male
rock|rocker|MadeOf|paper
blender|microwave|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
jeans|pants|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
comb|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tiger|pony|IsA|teeth
rope|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
fridge|dishwasher|IsA|electric powered item
garlic|cherry|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
sugar|soup|IsA|liquid
skunk|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bedroom|cottage|PartOf|set of furniture
faucet|radio|MadeOf|metal
crayon|scissors|IsA|construction tool
sugar|sauce|CapableOf|fry
tuna|perch|AtLocation|at sea
rifle|pistol|CapableOf|fire bullets
freezer|tray|UsedFor|heating items up
brush|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
rattlesnake|skunk|HasA|horn
beans|cucumber|IsA|fruit
window|floor|UsedFor|decoration
coyote|rabbit|IsA|mammal
dress|jeans|PartOf|lower waistline
rocker|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
pen|pencil|UsedFor|cutting
mackerel|salmon|IsA|fish
ankle|eye|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
rattlesnake|snail|HasA| 4 limbs
saxophone|banjo|HasA|strings
frog|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
violin|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
harpsichord|accordion|HasA|strings
beetle|spider|CapableOf|fly
boy|daughter|IsA|car
crocodile|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
ox|hyena|MadeOf|a living thing
gun|bolts|CapableOf|be used in home
clarinet|saxophone|IsA|wind instrument
avocado|olive|IsA|vegetable
floor|bar|AtLocation|above your head in general
mink|coyote|HasA|hooves
mackerel|tuna|IsA|one syllable word
woman|actress|IsA|male
man|boy|IsA|person
hare|raccoon|AtLocation|underground
magazine|tape|IsA|electric 
pen|typewriter|CapableOf|writing
caterpillar|ant|HasA|walking
chisel|drill|CapableOf|make holes 
mother|actress|IsA|male
hare|squirrel|HasA|gray fur
skin|muscle|IsA|limb
shoes|skirt|UsedFor|warming upper body
foot|arm|IsA|plural
magazine|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
elbow|shoulder|HasA|more than one joint
arm|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
scissors|typewriter|UsedFor|cutting
elk|caribou|MadeOf|a living thing
cougar|hyena|HasA|horn
uncle|prince|IsA|family
toe|ankle|IsA|part of the skeleton
squirrel|snail|HasA|four feet
daughter|aunt|HasProperty|older than you
chisel|stick|CapableOf|be used for drawing
car|buggy|UsedFor|land suitable one
hose|tape|MadeOf|metal
liver|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
scarf|lamp|UsedFor|wearing
goat|rabbit|HasProperty|red
eagle|hawk|IsA|sea bird
mole|rabbit|AtLocation|water usually
oven|fridge|PartOf|kitchen appliance
hare|mole|CapableOf|hunt other animals
razor|comb|MadeOf|writing
clamp|tap|MadeOf|paper
toe|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
avocado|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
guitar|clarinet|IsA|wind instrument
leg|arm|AtLocation|inside
raccoon|porcupine|IsA|mammal
shoulder|wrist|HasA|more than one joint
fingers|finger|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
rattlesnake|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
crayon|paintbrush|IsA|cuting
floor|tower|CapableOf|let in air
cherry|lime|CapableOf|bitter
bison|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
alligator|hare|CapableOf|go underground
turtle|alligator|AtLocation|in a river 
stove|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
princess|doctor|IsA|male
butterfly|cockroach|CapableOf|flying
celery|garlic|IsA|fruit
steak|soup|IsA|diary food
prune|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
spatula|brush|HasProperty|cutting
giraffe|caribou|IsA|herbivore
camel|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
crocodile|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
knife|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
prune|cherry|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
piano|bagpipe|HasA|strings
tin|plastic|IsA|fragile
skirt|jeans|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
squirrel|wasp|IsA|plant
arm|neck|IsA|body part
apartment|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
blender|ladle|UsedFor|washing dishes
ant|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
hut|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
skateboard|skis|UsedFor|eating
kettle|tray|HasA|handle
bison|camel|HasA|antler
house|chapel|IsA|component of a home
knife|brush|CapableOf|writing
skunk|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
piano|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held
girl|girlfriend|HasProperty|royalty
moth|snail|HasA|walking
trombone|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
tank|jeep|UsedFor|farming
catfish|eel|IsA|mollusk
grapefruit|plum|UsedFor|smoothies
boots|shoes|AtLocation|upper part of body
rifle|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
mixer|plug|PartOf|tire
cigarette|scarf|MadeOf|glass
gown|shirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
raccoon|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
stick|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
prince|brother|IsA|family
zebra|giraffe|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
beetle|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
tent|cabin|HasProperty|a black and white picture
freezer|toaster|PartOf|kitchen appliance
elk|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
woodpecker|duck|HasA|large wing span
blender|microwave|UsedFor|making food
jeans|pants|CapableOf|keep legs warm
woman|princess|CapableOf|become pregnant 
pigeon|falcon|HasA|long beak
deer|bison|IsA|predator 
goat|donkey|IsA|carnivore 
tuba|piano|HasA|reed to make it work
elephant|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
tiger|deer|HasA| mane (hair on it)
jacket|pants|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
sandwich|steak|HasA|vegetables
wrist|finger|AtLocation|below waist
lamp|cigarette|HasProperty|something to be worn
doctor|wife|IsA|male
squirrel|beetle|CapableOf|flying
ant|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
finger|fingers|IsA|body part
meat|milk|UsedFor|dessert
fawn|hare|CapableOf|live in water
hare|skunk|CapableOf|be held 
neck|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
razor|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
rock|rope|IsA|related to music 
cat|spider|IsA|colorful 
elbow|neck|HasA|nails
skunk|hare|MadeOf|green
hose|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
screws|bolts|CapableOf|transport liquids
blouse|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
sugar|milk|CapableOf|fry
fridge|ladle|MadeOf|steel mostly
yacht|skateboard|HasA|wheels
gate|cabin|IsA|relatively small
building|gate|IsA|religious place
worker|nurse|HasProperty|steel
scarf|thermometer|MadeOf|threads
arm|finger|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
tank|raft|HasA|wheels
father|aunt|IsA|family member
leg|hand|PartOf|pair
beetle|wasp|IsA|colorful 
bathroom|floor|CapableOf|be used home
scooter|car|UsedFor|eating
spatula|razor|CapableOf|to paint
boy|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
porcupine|mole|AtLocation|carnivorous
beetle|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
inn|building|IsA|religious place
wheel|plug|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
screws|barrel|CapableOf|be used in home
toe|foot|PartOf|lower body
shrimp|perch|AtLocation|at sea
foot|knee|AtLocation|on lower body
chisel|knife|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cat|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
arm|neck|IsA|part of a building
raft|sailboat|HasA|an engine
ankle|nail|AtLocation|inside
strawberry|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
harmonica|bagpipe|HasA|strings
dove|stork|CapableOf|be a household pet
coconut|olive|HasA|hard shell
guitar|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
tractor|wheel|UsedFor|eating
raccoon|skunk|IsA|herbivore
clamp|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
screws|pistol|CapableOf|be used in home
worm|beetle|IsA|slow mover
brush|pencil|UsedFor|driving screws
tongue|nose|IsA|(one of five) human senses
stick|comb|UsedFor|typing on paper
shoulder|finger|UsedFor|waving
piano|guitar|CapableOf|be blown into
knife|scissors|HasA|sharp cutting edge
kettle|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
otter|squirrel|IsA|mink
son|uncle|IsA|family
shotgun|gun|CapableOf|blow things up
spade|broom|IsA|tree
lamb|onions|IsA|food
elk|mink|IsA|mammal
fridge|tray|UsedFor|making food
chapel|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
body|bone|IsA|on the lower half 
radio|mixer|UsedFor|listening to music
plate|grenade|CapableOf|use electricity
trumpet|guitar|MadeOf|strings
banana|avocado|HasProperty|red
sack|shirt|UsedFor|transporting things
scissors|knife|CapableOf|writing
bolts|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
bag|boots|HasA|sleeves
crocodile|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
shrimp|crab|HasA|legs/tentacles 
rope|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
tape|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
foot|neck|IsA|plural
banjo|piano|CapableOf|be played with mouth
wife|cousin|HasA|green item of clothing
fawn|skunk|IsA|mammal
foot|ankle|HasProperty|below the waist 
mother|worker|UsedFor|transportation
cat|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
mink|squirrel|IsA|mink
pony|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
rocker|radio|CapableOf|working
arm|finger|PartOf|upper body
nurse|mother|IsA|female
caterpillar|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
sheep|deer|IsA|typical pet
drill|plate|CapableOf|be used in home
jacket|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
apartment|cottage|HasA| 5 letters or less
church|cottage|HasProperty|a black and white picture
body|skin|AtLocation|below your waist
cat|tiger|UsedFor|human transport
mackerel|asparagus|HasA|legs
gown|jacket|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
raft|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
grapefruit|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
ankle|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
worker|boy|UsedFor|transportation
plastic|metal|IsA|fragile
onions|broccoli|IsA|vegetable
nurse|aunt|HasProperty|royalty
frog|beetle|HasA|walking
caterpillar|spider|CapableOf|fly
comb|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
pants|socks|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
raccoon|rabbit|CapableOf|running fast
stereo|radio|CapableOf|directly make sound(using speakers)
actress|nurse|IsA|female
father|son|IsA|male
cupboard|toaster|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
bison|goat|HasProperty|fluffy
tray|door|UsedFor|heating items up
dress|blouse|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
bed|curtains|PartOf|the entrance to a room
bolts|hose|UsedFor|a vehicle
hare|mink|HasA|hooves
donkey|elephant|UsedFor|riding
beer|whisky|IsA|diary food
pants|gown|PartOf|lower waistline
garlic|lemon|MadeOf|juice making
ceiling|room|PartOf|house
boy|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
skirt|jeans|PartOf|lower waistline
rope|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
clamp|bolts|MadeOf|metal/steel
harmonica|clarinet|IsA|wind instrument
zebra|camel|IsA|has horns
eye|hair|AtLocation|below the knee
coat|blouse|HasProperty|worn by a woman
shoulder|finger|HasProperty|upper body
elk|deer|HasA|horn
bison|cougar|IsA|type of cat
sheep|frog|AtLocation|pet store
rocket|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
otter|mink|IsA|mink
beans|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable
deer|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
pants|skirt|UsedFor|feet
dishwasher|fridge|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
saxophone|tuba|HasA|keys
cousin|worker|IsA|female
cupboard|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pen|razor|IsA|construction tool
hare|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
pigeon|duck|HasA|large wing span
olive|onions|IsA|fruit
bathroom|roof|PartOf|room
razor|stick|CapableOf|to paint
wheel|plug|AtLocation|kitchen
spider|ant|IsA|slow mover
fridge|kettle|IsA|appliance
broom|spade|UsedFor|sleeping
worm|wasp|IsA|bug
bed|spade|HasProperty|alive
jeans|gown|PartOf|lower waistline
rabbit|skunk|IsA|sad
wife|princess|HasA|a blood relation with you
jacket|dress|AtLocation|foot
tap|tape|HasA|string or line
sister|mother|PartOf|your family
man|girl|CapableOf|bear a child
bison|pony|IsA|typical pet
hyena|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
hair|ankle|PartOf|the images displayed
steak|sandwich|MadeOf|meat
tap|clamp|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
horse|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
kidney|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
crocodile|iguana|IsA|reptile
knees|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
onions|chicken|MadeOf|something edible
mackerel|salmon|IsA|water animal
doctor|girlfriend|IsA|family member
daughter|king|IsA|male
cheetah|cougar|IsA|like a cat
squirrel|groundhog|HasA|hair/fur
lantern|cigarette|HasProperty|quite small
gun|rifle|HasProperty|tiger
pliers|pen|MadeOf|writing
tape|magazine|MadeOf|metal/steel
rope|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
shirt|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
bison|camel|UsedFor|travel
bean|sandwich|IsA|meat
knees|wrist|IsA|joint
rabbit|bison|IsA|typical pet
bag|jacket|IsA|worn on the lower body
skin|neck|IsA|limb
deer|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
deer|goat|IsA|carnivore 
potato|tomato|IsA|n animal
arm|forearm|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
clamp|bolts|IsA|digital device
screwdriver|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
daughter|actress|UsedFor|transportation
candle|mirror|CapableOf|move
bike|skateboard|HasA|wheels
apartment|church|IsA|component of a home
boots|pants|IsA|piece of clothing
beetle|worm|HasProperty|typically able to fly
neck|finger|IsA|part of a building
mother|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
spoon|sink|UsedFor|stirring
deer|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
hand|fingers|PartOf|upper body
flea|frog|MadeOf|small animals
car|wheel|AtLocation|in there
squirrel|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
toe|knees|PartOf|the upper body
peach|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
kite|vulture|CapableOf|fly
harmonica|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
saxophone|clarinet|IsA|instrument
window|ceiling|PartOf|house
accordion|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
mackerel|shrimp|AtLocation|at sea
skunk|squirrel|IsA|mammal
spatula|brush|CapableOf|writing
hare|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
actress|nurse|HasProperty|male
girlfriend|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
fawn|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
dog|rabbit|AtLocation|pet store
cabin|inn|HasA|start with a b
pistol|rifle|IsA|vessel
raspberry|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
harmonica|harp|HasA|keys
toe|knee|IsA|plural
aunt|woman|IsA|male
leg|ankle|AtLocation|on lower body
curtains|carpet|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
raspberry|avocado|IsA|long fruit
worker|boy|IsA|family member
hose|wheel|UsedFor|a vehicle
harmonica|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
hawk|pigeon|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
giraffe|bison|HasA|hooves
scissors|brush|CapableOf|writing
cheetah|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
coconut|orange|CapableOf|spices
bone|neck|HasA|bones
leopard|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
clamp|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
sack|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
rope|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
plate|screws|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
saucer|jet|IsA| mode of transportation 
tray|fridge|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
paintbrush|brush|AtLocation|construction site
hut|house|IsA|religious place
woman|father|UsedFor|transportation
horse|frog|HasA|fur
jacket|jeans|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
shrimp|zebra|HasA|legs
plate|pipe|IsA|firearm
doctor|daughter|IsA|male
rocker|stereo|CapableOf|be turned on
worker|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
elephant|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
guitar|tuba|HasA|keys
saxophone|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
paintbrush|brush|PartOf|drawing
sandwich|sauce|IsA|diary food
elk|bison|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
clamp|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
horse|frog|AtLocation|pet store
grapefruit|pear|PartOf|group or bunch 
tray|pipe|MadeOf|metal/steel
rabbit|pony|IsA|teeth
buggy|yacht|HasA|wheels
son|father|IsA|female
skateboard|bike|CapableOf|roll
rocker|radio|CapableOf|make sound
blouse|dress|IsA|accessory
woman|daughter|HasProperty|male
finger|hand|HasProperty|upper body
eel|crab|AtLocation|on a farm
gown|jacket|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
rock|magazine|UsedFor|a vehicle
avocado|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
jacket|pants|UsedFor|feet
crab|mackerel|IsA|water animal
barrel|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
cottage|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
brow|neck|IsA|pink face feature
radio|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
harp|piano|MadeOf|strings
church|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
actress|boy|HasA|color
barrel|wheel|MadeOf|metal/steel
squirrel|mole|IsA|animal with long ears
avocado|lime|IsA|vegetable
nose|lips|UsedFor|eating
rope|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
plug|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
pants|shoes|IsA|piece of clothing
caterpillar|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
elbow|finger|IsA|plural
coconut|banana|IsA|red  or orang
bathroom|ceiling|CapableOf|be used home
comb|stick|UsedFor|cooking
ant|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
saxophone|trombone|MadeOf|strings
crocodile|tiger|UsedFor|riding
cat|beetle|AtLocation|nature
wife|mother|HasA|a blood relation with you
mink|deer|IsA|herbivore
hand|foot|IsA|plural
rattlesnake|rabbit|AtLocation|carnivorous
beetle|caterpillar|HasA|walking
cigarette|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
octopus|zebra|IsA|fish
caribou|elephant|HasA|antlers or tusks
bison|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
milk|butter|IsA|colour red
flea|snail|HasA|walking
elephant|camel|CapableOf|carry a adult human
father|son|HasProperty|an older relative
tank|screws|UsedFor|shooting
bathroom|window|AtLocation|at ground level
kettle|bucket|IsA|cylinder
drill|scissors|CapableOf|be used for drawing
steak|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
elephant|ox|UsedFor|crossing deserts
celery|broccoli|HasProperty|a green food
lobster|catfish|HasA|red shell when cooked
trumpet|saxophone|IsA|instrument
neck|arm|IsA|on the lower half 
floor|deck|HasProperty|vertical
forearm|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
rope|bolts|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
arm|leg|HasA|bones
wasp|beetle|IsA|bug
strawberry|pear|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
shoes|socks|IsA|piece of clothing
skis|boat|AtLocation|in there
spatula|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
coat|trousers|HasA|wheel
banana|avocado|HasA|yellow color
liver|neck|AtLocation|on your head
wall|bedroom|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
rocker|clamp|IsA|digital device
church|inn|UsedFor|relaxing
fridge|kettle|HasProperty|using electricity
deer|hare|CapableOf|go underground
tray|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
girl|girlfriend|HasA|blood relation with you
forearm|arm|HasProperty|lower body
scarf|necklace|CapableOf|be worn
perch|eel|AtLocation|on a farm
donkey|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
rock|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
pear|grapefruit|IsA|fruit
magazine|rock|UsedFor|listening to music
hose|wheel|CapableOf|use electricity
saucer|airplane|CapableOf|fly
strawberry|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
oven|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pants|dress|MadeOf|threads
snail|beetle|HasProperty|typically able to fly
prune|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
fawn|elk|CapableOf|be held 
thermometer|mirror|CapableOf|generate light
cigarette|lantern|UsedFor|providing light
wheel|rock|IsA|electric 
prune|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
aunt|wife|HasA|child
rabbit|frog|UsedFor|human transport
mother|daughter|IsA|sibling
bagpipe|trombone|UsedFor|sound
stove|freezer|UsedFor|cooking food
mink|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
girlfriend|girl|HasProperty|a picture of a female
tomato|goat|IsA|food
ship|bowl|HasA|the ability to fly
mole|hare|IsA|otter
skirt|boots|UsedFor|warming upper body
beetle|snail|AtLocation|nature
stick|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
rock|mixer|MadeOf|paper
grenade|tank|CapableOf|blow things up
mother|aunt|HasProperty|exclusively female
squirrel|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
dog|sheep|CapableOf|be domesticated
plug|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
magazine|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
tiger|cougar|IsA|herbivore
bison|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
steak|soup|HasA|vegetables
scooter|car|AtLocation|in there
bike|scooter|AtLocation|in water
girl|mother|IsA|female
neck|hand|AtLocation|in your upper body
daughter|woman|IsA|car
girl|girlfriend|IsA|profession/title
brush|drill|CapableOf|to paint
sink|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
finger|fingers|PartOf|room
bison|deer|HasA|short/thick fur
magazine|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
hare|groundhog|HasA|hooves
sink|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
potatoes|bean|IsA|meat
hair|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
sink|blender|CapableOf|make things cold
catfish|crab|IsA|mollusk
king|uncle|IsA|family
cougar|leopard|IsA|type of big cat
clarinet|piano|HasA|keys
oven|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
tank|jeep|HasA|wheels
bathroom|window|PartOf|human body
skunk|wood|CapableOf|burn
jeans|blouse|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
skunk|porcupine|HasA|horn
man|woman|IsA|profession
muscle|kidney|AtLocation|in the torso
prune|avocado|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
screwdriver|crayon|MadeOf|writing
apartment|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
hare|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
bolts|wheel|UsedFor|harm
chapel|cabin|IsA|component of a home
actress|cousin|IsA|profession
elbow|neck|IsA|on the lower half 
window|walls|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
lamp|candle|UsedFor|wearing
mother|worker|MadeOf|metal
tuna|perch|HasA|legs/tentacles 
jeep|scooter|UsedFor|eating
sailboat|raft|CapableOf|roll
sink|dishwasher|UsedFor|heating items up
alligator|crocodile|HasA|a shell
rifle|rocket|UsedFor|work
rabbit|hare|PartOf|herd
room|bathroom|AtLocation|in your apartment
pliers|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
banana|orange|HasA|usually inedible skin
chocolate|milk|UsedFor|dessert
toilet|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
father|brother|IsA|title
cherry|avocado|HasProperty|sweet
pelican|falcon|HasA|wings
lamp|lantern|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
cabin|tent|HasA| 5 letters or less
elephant|crocodile|HasA|trunk
fingers|neck|MadeOf|upper body parts
tractor|car|AtLocation|in there
boy|mother|UsedFor|food
dress|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
barrel|screws|AtLocation|at home
peach|orange|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
faucet|rocker|CapableOf|be turned on
tuna|lobster|IsA|water animal
neck|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
leopard|tiger|IsA|has horns
boat|scooter|UsedFor|single person transport
potato|goat|MadeOf|red
fridge|fan|MadeOf|maybe
wrist|arm|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
cow|horse|HasA|horn on head
bed|freezer|UsedFor|making food
rifle|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
trousers|jacket|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
squirrel|mole|HasA|hair/fur
cupboard|microwave|CapableOf|hold water
knees|toe|AtLocation|upper body
ceiling|bar|HasProperty|vertical
elbow|neck|MadeOf|upper body parts
strainer|barrel|MadeOf|metal
tape|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
plug|stereo|UsedFor|dispensing water
falcon|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
toaster|cupboard|AtLocation|on a countertop
gun|grenade|HasA|caterpillar treads
rocker|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
mouth|finger|HasProperty|used affected during make up
cherry|banana|PartOf|group or bunch 
sparrow|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
church|chapel|IsA|public building (typically)
chisel|brush|MadeOf|writing
tomato|potato|IsA|meat or animal
deer|rabbit|IsA|predator
groundhog|squirrel|HasA|hooves
barrel|wheel|CapableOf|be used in home
room|floor|HasA|glass
typewriter|chisel|CapableOf|print
elk|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
skirt|pants|PartOf|lower waistline
girl|mother|HasProperty|female
plug|rocker|MadeOf|paper
violin|flute|UsedFor|sound
porcupine|groundhog|HasA|long ears
zebra|eel|HasA|red shell when cooked
arm|finger|IsA|plural
father|girl|HasProperty|a picture of a female
coconut|orange|HasA|single hard pit
wheel|drill|IsA|vessel
dress|skirt|UsedFor|transporting things
ankle|knees|HasProperty|lower body
bolts|barrel|UsedFor|harm
muscle|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
shoulder|wrist|PartOf|lower body
octopus|salmon|HasA|shell
mink|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cow|deer|AtLocation|jungle
dress|blouse|UsedFor|transporting things
wheel|plug|IsA|related to music 
beetle|flea|IsA|insect
bison|elephant|HasA|horns 
sailboat|canoe|MadeOf|metal
shotgun|gun|CapableOf|be held in a hand
plum|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
tank|plate|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
rock|plug|IsA|related to music 
wall|curtains|CapableOf|be sat on
sled|raft|CapableOf|be used on snow
chandelier|thermometer|IsA|home appliance
carpet|bedroom|CapableOf|be used to sleep
jeans|trousers|UsedFor|covering legs
canoe|raft|HasA|engine
wheel|strainer|AtLocation|at home
window|ceiling|AtLocation|on the outside of building
hand|ankle|IsA|plural
porcupine|mole|HasA|horn
brush|paintbrush|UsedFor|cutting
orange|cheese|CapableOf|delicious
mackerel|trout|HasA|legs/tentacles 
mixer|radio|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
tank|yacht|HasA|an engine
prune|raspberry|PartOf|a red the color of
trombone|flute|HasA|strings
otter|skunk|PartOf|plant
brush|typewriter|CapableOf|print
arm|liver|AtLocation|on your head
coconut|lemon|CapableOf|bitter
scissors|pencil|PartOf|drawing
donkey|elephant|AtLocation|jungle
wasp|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
fan|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
wheel|skis|AtLocation|in water
wheelbarrow|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
drill|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
drill|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
paper|plastic|CapableOf|burn
camel|horse|HasA|tail
pony|rabbit|AtLocation|pet store
bed|sofa|MadeOf|wood
girl|woman|MadeOf|metal
avocado|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
tray|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
sandwich|bacon|HasProperty|eaten for breakfast
boat|sailboat|HasA|wheels
skirt|trousers|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
oven|fridge|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
woman|mother|HasA|a blood relation with you
prune|cherry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
pony|donkey|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
ceiling|room|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
pencil|crayon|UsedFor|brushing
trumpet|flute|UsedFor|blowing
porcupine|squirrel|HasA|horn
pliers|typewriter|UsedFor|crafts
mirror|cigarette|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
worm|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
cottage|gate|HasA|start with a b
hyena|cougar|CapableOf|carry a adult human
lantern|chandelier|UsedFor|lighting
tiger|horse|HasA|tail
flute|clarinet|IsA|wind instrument
snail|flea|HasA|wings
chandelier|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
screws|bolts|CapableOf|use electricity
canoe|scooter|AtLocation|in there
turtle|worm|IsA|plant
wife|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
drill|screwdriver|UsedFor|screwing
plate|rope|UsedFor|shooting
drill|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
raspberry|plum|HasA|(usually) edible skin
tiger|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
gorilla|tiger|HasA|hooves
car|tractor|HasA|wheels
boy|worker|IsA|job or profession
flea|squirrel|AtLocation|nature
shoes|boots|HasA|sleeves
buffalo|elk|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
cupboard|tray|UsedFor|making food
plate|strainer|AtLocation|on car
caterpillar|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
bedroom|wall|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
rope|belt|HasA|number on it
wheel|plate|UsedFor|building
clamp|wheel|MadeOf|metal
skirt|coat|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
fingers|shoulder|PartOf|the upper body
chisel|stick|UsedFor|writing
scooter|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
jeans|pants|AtLocation|foot
chapel|bridge|HasA|own altar
camel|goat|IsA|typical pet
mirror|scarf|CapableOf|give off light/glow
room|window|CapableOf|be used home
cod|catfish|AtLocation|at sea
cow|sheep|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
canoe|sailboat|HasA|motor
harmonica|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
shirt|coat|IsA|worn on the lower body
boat|raft|UsedFor|water
shoulder|wrist|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
tray|freezer|UsedFor|making food
truck|yacht|HasA|an engine
elephant|cougar|HasA|thick body
bag|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
tuna|salmon|HasA|red shell when cooked
liver|kidney|AtLocation|inside
brow|lips|AtLocation|below mouth
mother|girl|HasProperty|exclusively female
rocker|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
mixer|tap|IsA| kitchen appliance 
window|ceiling|HasProperty|vertical
raccoon|coyote|HasA|hooves
cello|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
tape|hose|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
brush|knife|HasProperty|cutting
finger|forearm|MadeOf|a whole body part
flute|clarinet|PartOf|woodwind
rope|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
prune|cherry|IsA|fruit
daughter|girl|HasProperty|royalty
son|daughter|IsA|royalty
barn|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
fan|rope|MadeOf|metal/steel
deer|donkey|IsA|carnivore 
hand|arm|IsA|plural
razor|chisel|CapableOf|print
harpsichord|piano|CapableOf|be held
raccoon|deer|CapableOf|go underground
mouse|squirrel|IsA|household pet
coyote|squirrel|CapableOf|hunt other animals
sailboat|tractor|AtLocation|in there
pants|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
sled|boat|HasA|wheels
gate|hut|IsA|religious place
barrel|pipe|HasProperty|flexible
radio|rock|CapableOf|be use for transportation
shirt|jacket|AtLocation|over your knees
duck|hawk|HasA|long beak
bike|tank|MadeOf|metal
cod|lobster|HasA|red shell when cooked
eagle|duck|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
boy|aunt|IsA|profession
frog|snail|PartOf|water
shoulder|wrist|PartOf|upper body
leopard|cheetah|IsA|type of cat
drill|screws|CapableOf|hold water
trombone|piano|UsedFor|sound
neck|skin|AtLocation|on head
porcupine|skunk|HasProperty|originated from north america
jacket|gown|AtLocation|on your upper torso
frog|squirrel|CapableOf|kill a human
aunt|princess|HasProperty|exclusively female
hand|elbow|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
freezer|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
vulture|eagle|HasProperty|domesticated
moth|spider|IsA|bug
worm|turtle|PartOf|water
woman|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
cat|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
skunk|raccoon|AtLocation|on tree
jeep|tank|AtLocation|in there
eagle|seagull|HasProperty|a predator
zebra|giraffe|AtLocation|in africa
skin|nail|CapableOf|help you walk
goat|camel|IsA|something a farmer would own
pistol|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
plug|tape|UsedFor|can your card used home
flute|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
squirrel|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
man|father|IsA|professional
fingers|hand|IsA|body part
mackerel|octopus|IsA|water animal
liver|bone|IsA|cancer related card
raft|buggy|UsedFor|eating
fridge|cupboard|UsedFor|heating items up
cougar|buffalo|IsA|predator 
pear|grapefruit|HasA|stone inside
banjo|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
mirror|cigarette|UsedFor|a light source
cat|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
wine|beer|HasProperty|alcoholic
sandwich|bean|HasProperty|mainly meat
screws|bolts|UsedFor|daily usage 
broccoli|celery|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
knee|ankle|AtLocation|below waist
cabin|inn|IsA|religious place
screwdriver|typewriter|MadeOf|only metal
window|room|UsedFor|decoration
hose|tape|MadeOf|paper
shrimp|perch|IsA|mollusk
door|wall|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
stick|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
orange|lime|IsA|citrus fruit
oven|fan|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
vulture|hawk|AtLocation|at a beach
zebra|bison|IsA|predator 
chapel|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
plug|fan|CapableOf|provide water
wheel|plug|HasA|a type of metal
comb|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
freezer|dishwasher|IsA|electrical appliance
kite|starling|CapableOf|be a household pet
cherry|garlic|UsedFor|testy
tent|hut|HasProperty|made of concrete
comb|brush|CapableOf|writing
candle|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
otter|raccoon|CapableOf|climb on tree
iguana|turtle|IsA|reptile
banana|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
tomato|lamb|IsA|food
cheetah|elephant|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
truck|scooter|UsedFor|eating
frog|flea|MadeOf|small animals
screwdriver|pencil|PartOf|what is your name this
coat|gown|AtLocation|on your upper torso
mirror|candle|IsA|item of clothing
cheetah|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
cousin|father|HasProperty|a profession
faucet|mixer|HasA|a type of metal
hyena|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
cougar|leopard|IsA|like a cat
cello|violin|UsedFor|sound
grenade|tank|UsedFor|bullets
paintbrush|brush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
avocado|orange|IsA|fruit
coconut|tomato|HasProperty|sweet
boat|car|HasA|an engine
drill|plate|UsedFor|daily usage 
cherry|prune|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
donkey|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
barrel|tray|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
spider|squirrel|HasA|walking
mink|hare|CapableOf|hunt other animals
cow|elephant|IsA|common pet
wheel|tape|MadeOf|steel mainly
hand|arm|IsA|joint
cat|deer|AtLocation|pet store
lemon|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
raft|tank|UsedFor|eating
yacht|raft|HasProperty|usually a large size
closet|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
nail|ankle|AtLocation|on head
pony|horse|HasProperty|fluffy
tiger|camel|IsA|teeth
vulture|falcon|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
rock|tape|MadeOf|metal/steel
mirror|necklace|UsedFor|providing light
eye|skin|AtLocation|below your waist
cherry|orange|PartOf|eating
pigeon|starling|HasA|large wingspan
tape|wheel|MadeOf|metal
ankle|foot|CapableOf|help you walk
jeep|buggy|UsedFor|land suitable one
garlic|lemon|HasProperty|green
hare|rabbit|PartOf|herd
paintbrush|pen|UsedFor|drawing or painting
duck|vulture|IsA|alive 
body|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cottage|house|HasProperty|for the rich
rifle|grenade|UsedFor|firing artillery
lemon|raspberry|IsA|fruit
blouse|coat|AtLocation|on neck
goat|lamb|MadeOf|something edible
skirt|dress|HasA|sleeves
raspberry|cherry|IsA|red  or orang
daughter|mother|HasProperty|older than you
salad|meat|UsedFor|dessert
cherry|orange|CapableOf|spices
boy|girlfriend|IsA|profession
arm|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
girl|nurse|MadeOf|metal
steak|beer|IsA|diary food
shrimp|perch|IsA|fish
accordion|piano|HasA|keys
hut|inn|IsA|permanent structure
pepper|broccoli|IsA|vegetable
tray|cupboard|UsedFor|heating items up
alligator|elephant|HasA| 4 limbs
bed|cupboard|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
airplane|boat|CapableOf|fly
screws|plate|UsedFor|harm
hose|rope|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
grapefruit|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
plum|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
jeans|jacket|HasA|wheel
rabbit|goat|MadeOf|something edible
pistol|rifle|CapableOf|used in war
walls|tower|HasProperty|enclosed
colander|spoon|HasA|electrical parts
buffalo|giraffe|IsA|has horns
barrel|drill|CapableOf|used in war
stove|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
chisel|knife|CapableOf|print
lamp|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
boy|cousin|CapableOf|become pregnant 
oven|microwave|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
moth|butterfly|CapableOf|flying
bowl|jet|AtLocation|on water
bison|camel|CapableOf|carry a adult human
squid|salmon|AtLocation|at sea
cherry|cheese|CapableOf|delicious
sink|blender|AtLocation|on a countertop
barn|bedroom|UsedFor|human living
jeans|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
worker|doctor|HasProperty|a profession
boat|car|UsedFor|snow
goat|cat|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
beetle|spider|HasA|walking
pear|cherry|IsA|more than one fruit
stick|spatula|UsedFor|writing
perch|tuna|HasA|legs/tentacles 
trousers|jeans|IsA|typically female clothing item
wasp|worm|IsA|bug
garlic|cherry|CapableOf|delicious
elephant|squirrel|IsA|common pet
plum|avocado|HasA|single hard pit
bolts|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
potato|chicken|HasProperty|furry
wife|woman|HasProperty|exclusively female
mink|coyote|AtLocation|on tree
wheel|stereo|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
moth|squirrel|IsA|plant
scarf|lantern|UsedFor|wearing
radio|rocker|MadeOf|steel
canoe|buggy|UsedFor|eating
harmonica|accordion|UsedFor|sound
balloon|helicopter|AtLocation|in the air
closet|toilet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
frog|flea|HasA|walking
dress|gown|UsedFor|by mainly women
leg|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
camel|tiger|HasA|trunk
eel|mackerel|HasA|shell
screws|wheel|UsedFor|harm
bedroom|barn|IsA|red home
pepper|corn|HasProperty|green
crab|trout|IsA|mollusk
elbow|leg|IsA|organ
screws|drill|IsA|vessel
leg|arm|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
groundhog|hare|HasA|horn
sugar|salad|UsedFor|desserts
tiger|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
goat|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
typewriter|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
hand|finger|AtLocation|in your upper body
rabbit|hare|HasA|big ears
actress|princess|HasA|multiple people pictured
crocodile|squirrel|HasA|four feet
doctor|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
girl|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
cow|tiger|IsA|teeth
groundhog|raccoon|AtLocation|below earth
thermometer|tray|CapableOf|be worn
crayon|screwdriver|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
hare|beaver|IsA|predator
sister|cousin|PartOf|your family
truck|buggy|UsedFor|eating
crayon|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
dress|pants|UsedFor|feet protection
shirt|dress|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
inn|church|HasA| place for worship
leg|neck|PartOf|an appendage
banjo|piano|IsA|brass instrument
coyote|skunk|IsA|herbivore
sauce|milk|HasProperty|a liquid
stereo|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
squirrel|turtle|HasA|legs
hawk|vulture|IsA|dangerous bird
tank|grenade|UsedFor|bullets
frog|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
caterpillar|spider|HasProperty|an insect
blouse|umbrella|UsedFor|protection
shrimp|cod|IsA|water animal
cottage|inn|HasProperty|a black and white picture
chisel|drill|CapableOf|writing
meat|salad|UsedFor|recipes 
skirt|shoes|UsedFor|warming upper body
tower|bathroom|PartOf|garage
hose|bolts|CapableOf|be used in home
shoes|pants|IsA|typically female clothing item
finger|nose|CapableOf| taste
hair|skin|AtLocation|on head
sink|tray|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
arm|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
kettle|blender|HasProperty|big
horse|tiger|HasA|long neck
beer|butter|UsedFor|drinking
gun|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
spade|bayonet|HasProperty|alive
raspberry|banana|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
paintbrush|chisel|PartOf|drawing
ankle|leg|HasProperty|below the waist 
nurse|cousin|IsA|family member
guitar|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
camel|frog|CapableOf|be domesticated
bone|kidney|IsA|cancer related card
sugar|chocolate|CapableOf|fry
banana|plum|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
bridge|cottage|IsA|religion buildings
shirt|skirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
wasp|spider|HasA|no legs
skunk|mink|PartOf|herd
rocket|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
worm|flea|IsA|insect
wheel|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
pencil|brush|PartOf|what is your name this
drill|plate|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
rope|tap|IsA|electronic device
ankle|leg|AtLocation|inside
clarinet|saxophone|CapableOf|be blown into
lime|olive|IsA|fruit
stick|knife|IsA|construction tool
ankle|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
daughter|girlfriend|IsA|male
pants|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
woman|nurse|MadeOf|metal
candle|chandelier|UsedFor|lighting
supper|steak|UsedFor|dinner
spoon|dishwasher|CapableOf|make things cold
body|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
blouse|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
bungalow|barn|IsA|component of a home
cat|goat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
comb|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
cigarette|chandelier|UsedFor|lighting
gown|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
crocodile|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
microwave|oven|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
flea|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
caribou|bison|IsA|type of big cat
drill|crayon|AtLocation|construction site
eel|trout|IsA|mollusk
elephant|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
brush|paintbrush|MadeOf|only metal
paintbrush|pen|PartOf|what is your name this
chicken|potato|AtLocation|in water
mink|rabbit|HasA|hooves
stick|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
yacht|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
hare|rabbit|HasA|horn
actress|aunt|IsA|direct relation
rattlesnake|alligator|HasA|a shell
ship|bowl|IsA| mode of transportation 
zebra|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
radio|tape|MadeOf|metal
necklace|scarf|HasProperty|makes light
wife|nurse|IsA|family member
knees|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
caterpillar|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
screwdriver|comb|MadeOf|writing
toe|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
brush|screwdriver|MadeOf|only metal
kite|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
blouse|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
deck|tower|IsA|part of a building
bag|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
chisel|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
faucet|tap|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
tap|hose|UsedFor|entertainment
deer|rabbit|IsA|carnivore 
cat|squirrel|HasProperty|furry
brow|nose|IsA|part of the body
pen|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
worker|nurse|HasA|friends on it
pipe|bolts|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
saxophone|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
trout|tuna|HasA|shell
cousin|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
salad|bacon|IsA|diary food
mole|skunk|AtLocation|water usually
grenade|plate|UsedFor|shooting
pear|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
wine|whisky|HasProperty|a liquid
wheel|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
screws|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
liquor|wine|HasProperty|a liquid
ant|butterfly|IsA|bug
stereo|bolts|AtLocation|at an electronics store
wasp|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
goat|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
dress|skirt|HasProperty|worn on the neck
fingers|arm|HasProperty|mostly of cylindrical shape
boat|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
truck|boat|IsA|powered vehicle
yacht|truck|MadeOf|metal
drill|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
plate|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
guitar|violin|HasA|neck
boat|sailboat|UsedFor|water
magazine|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
cherry|banana|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
goat|cat|IsA|something a farmer would own
tank|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
fan|radio|MadeOf|paper
princess|girlfriend|HasA|blood relation with you
knife|screwdriver|UsedFor|crafts
avocado|cherry|IsA|long fruit
supper|sandwich|HasProperty|meaty
wife|worker|IsA|family member
fan|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
duck|tomato|HasProperty|furry
spear|spade|IsA|man made thing
pliers|drill|IsA|construction tool
pistol|drill|CapableOf|be used in home
bowl|jet|CapableOf|float 
moth|cat|HasA|walking
daughter|aunt|CapableOf|become pregnant 
paintbrush|pen|PartOf|what is the name of 
lemon|cucumber|IsA|fruit
nurse|wife|HasProperty|two syllables
arm|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
wheel|tap|MadeOf|paper
coyote|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
steak|bacon|IsA|part of a pig
carpet|bedroom|UsedFor|lighting
caterpillar|flea|IsA|insect
chicken|perch|IsA|mollusk
wasp|ant|IsA|insect
raft|sailboat|UsedFor|water
bison|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
bed|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
father|cousin|HasA|blood relationship with you
hose|bolts|MadeOf|metal
rabbit|squirrel|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
wife|doctor|IsA|male
screwdriver|drill|CapableOf|to paint
bean|steak|HasProperty|two syllables
truck|canoe|UsedFor|eating
hut|barn|AtLocation|at your home
mink|otter|MadeOf|green
stove|dishwasher|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
bolts|mixer|PartOf|tire
cat|snail|IsA|insect
saxophone|guitar|IsA|instrument
strawberry|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
car|skis|AtLocation|in water
apartment|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
whisky|sandwich|IsA|diary food
chandelier|necklace|MadeOf|metal
colander|spoon|HasA|power supply
tap|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
gun|bolts|IsA|vessel
sailboat|skis|CapableOf|roll
toe|hair|AtLocation|inside
sled|canoe|HasA|wheels
arm|knee|IsA|plural
squirrel|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
squid|crab|HasA|legs
cat|crocodile|HasProperty|carnivorous
potato|tomato|MadeOf|something edible
broom|pine|IsA|weapon 
barrel|tray|MadeOf|metal
elbow|neck|AtLocation|below waist
sister|aunt|HasA|multiple people pictured
lemon|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
spatula|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
screwdriver|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
screwdriver|pencil|IsA|cuting
wheelbarrow|coat|IsA|worn on the lower body
rope|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
elbow|liver|AtLocation|on your head
flea|caterpillar|IsA|bug
floor|tower|IsA|body part
mug|bucket|UsedFor|boiling water
plum|peach|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
chandelier|lantern|UsedFor|light
bison|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
caribou|camel|HasA|thick body
nose|mouth|PartOf|face
toe|liver|AtLocation|on head
bed|closet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
rock|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
elbow|shoulder|UsedFor|holding a cup
peach|avocado|HasA|stone 
rocket|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
spatula|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
pony|sheep|CapableOf|bite
snail|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
wasp|moth|IsA|insect
gun|grenade|UsedFor|harm
prune|cherry|PartOf|group or bunch 
leg|kidney|AtLocation|on head
walls|window|PartOf|human body
chocolate|meat|AtLocation|in the ground
jeep|buggy|HasA|wheels
hose|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
screwdriver|comb|CapableOf|print
hose|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
crayon|paintbrush|CapableOf|make holes 
camel|cow|UsedFor|food products
microwave|rock|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
cupboard|toaster|AtLocation|on a countertop
squirrel|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
arm|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
canoe|raft|CapableOf|be used on snow
comb|drill|CapableOf|print
necklace|mirror|UsedFor|providing light
wife|aunt|HasProperty|female
candle|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
bridge|cottage|UsedFor|religious gatherings
buggy|boat|MadeOf|metal
bedroom|house|IsA|permanent structure
daughter|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
crocodile|deer|HasA|fur
harmonica|harpsichord|HasA|reed to make it work
barrel|tank|CapableOf|be held in a hand
elbow|hand|PartOf|upper body
saucer|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
razor|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
paintbrush|razor|HasProperty|cutting
spider|frog|IsA|colorful 
trout|eel|AtLocation|at sea
raft|skis|MadeOf|metal
butterfly|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
stick|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
frog|rabbit|CapableOf|kill a human
hose|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
skunk|fawn|IsA|predator
peach|raspberry|IsA|fruit
room|walls|PartOf|house
goat|chicken|IsA|meat or animal
butter|potatoes|IsA|colour red
hose|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
pineapple|grapefruit|HasA|usually inedible skin
banjo|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
son|father|IsA|royalty
deer|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
worker|nurse|IsA|head
cherry|lime|IsA|vegetable
pineapple|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
potatoes|salad|IsA|liquid
ant|cat|IsA|colorful 
walls|deck|PartOf|body
scooter|buggy|AtLocation|in water
forearm|fingers|PartOf|the upper body
father|cousin|IsA|professional
jeans|trousers|HasProperty|covering the legs
beaver|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
aunt|actress|IsA|male
crocodile|turtle|CapableOf|be found in the water
camel|bison|IsA|type of big cat
gun|rifle|UsedFor|shooting
mole|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
barrel|plate|PartOf|any of various units of 
bison|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
plug|mixer|IsA|digital device
ox|caribou|CapableOf|carry a adult human
steak|bacon|HasA|vegetables
pipe|plate|UsedFor|harm
plug|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
drill|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
cousin|mother|IsA|male
cow|camel|HasA| mane (hair on it)
elbow|hand|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
tower|bar|PartOf|room
coconut|garlic|IsA|vegetable
clamp|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
boots|trousers|AtLocation|on lower body
candle|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
tuna|trout|HasA|legs/tentacles 
sheep|camel|HasA|fur
girlfriend|woman|CapableOf|become pregnant 
avocado|prune|IsA|red  or orang
spider|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
door|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
caterpillar|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
shoulder|thigh|PartOf|an appendage
caterpillar|butterfly|IsA|insect
brush|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
tuna|eel|IsA|one syllable word
tower|ceiling|IsA|part of a building
goat|chicken|HasProperty|red
hyena|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
sack|coat|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
princess|actress|IsA|profession/title
squirrel|porcupine|IsA|rodent
pear|plum|HasA|edible skin
razor|comb|CapableOf|be used for drawing
mink|hare|AtLocation|on  a tree
neck|tongue|IsA|part of the body
strainer|tray|CapableOf|destroy a building
finger|arm|PartOf|lower body
pigeon|pelican|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
toilet|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
frog|tiger|UsedFor|riding
lemon|orange|HasA|hard shell
skunk|porcupine|CapableOf|attack human
elk|caribou|HasA|antlers/tusks
strainer|pipe|HasA|round shape
wheel|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
buggy|bike|AtLocation|in there
pear|cherry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
pliers|comb|CapableOf|be used for drawing
wall|door|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
brush|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
lips|tongue|IsA|part of the body
shirt|wheelbarrow|IsA|worn on the lower body
neck|liver|IsA|limb
radio|fan|AtLocation|kitchen
microwave|kettle|PartOf|kitchen appliance
necklace|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
gorilla|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
lamp|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
rabbit|cow|IsA|typical pet
razor|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
tuba|trumpet|IsA|brass instrument
snail|rattlesnake|HasA|four feet
house|cabin|IsA|relatively small
girl|mother|IsA|noun
cigarette|mirror|CapableOf|generate light
knife|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
girl|princess|IsA|profession
crocodile|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
salad|meal|HasA|meat
cupboard|bed|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
zebra|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
frog|cat|UsedFor|food products
vulture|falcon|HasA|wings
hand|wrist|PartOf|pair/no more than two
boat|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
wall|sofa|CapableOf|open/close
garlic|beans|HasA|any green on it 
cat|elephant|HasA|tail
son|prince|IsA|family
liver|body|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
pencil|drill|AtLocation|construction site
banana|plum|IsA|fruit
mink|rabbit|PartOf|herd
violin|piano|UsedFor|sound
beetle|cat|MadeOf|small animals
avocado|prune|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
caterpillar|butterfly|HasA|walking
rope|stereo|UsedFor|entertainment
pelican|pigeon|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
meal|soup|HasProperty|two syllables
rabbit|cow|UsedFor|riding
cranberry|plum|IsA|red  or orang
pipe|wheel|AtLocation|at home
pony|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
clarinet|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
scooter|canoe|AtLocation|in there
truck|tractor|UsedFor|land suitable one
cow|camel|UsedFor|food products
soup|steak|IsA|diary food
arm|fingers|AtLocation|below where a watch is
duck|tomato|MadeOf|red
onions|olive|HasProperty|green
salmon|shrimp|IsA|water animal
pigeon|seagull|HasA|large wing span
frog|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
razor|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
typewriter|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
faucet|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
grenade|wheel|CapableOf|use electricity
elephant|horse|AtLocation|in africa
milk|whisky|HasProperty|a liquid
typewriter|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bed|curtains|CapableOf|contain items
floor|ceiling|MadeOf|wood
cat|frog|CapableOf|kill a human
tape|stereo|UsedFor|water
guitar|flute|UsedFor|sound
banjo|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
beetle|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
dog|frog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
cat|frog|HasA|horn on head
elk|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
barn|bedroom|MadeOf|one or more rooms
typewriter|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
kidney|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
vulture|eagle|CapableOf|fly
pony|horse|UsedFor|a mode of transport
whisky|bacon|IsA|diary food
cat|goat|AtLocation|pet store
elephant|mouse|HasA|eating
squid|salmon|HasA|shell
canoe|raft|AtLocation|in there
tray|strainer|MadeOf|metal/steel
chandelier|cigarette|UsedFor|wearing
horse|pony|HasProperty|the name of a chestpiece
bathroom|tower|UsedFor|tiling
radio|tap|CapableOf|be turned on
tray|plate|UsedFor|serving food by waiters
princess|mother|IsA|male
accordion|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
crayon|spatula|IsA|construction tool
chapel|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
tray|screws|PartOf|any of various units of 
elephant|bison|HasA|horn or antler
tomato|cucumber|IsA|fruit
pipe|hose|HasProperty|flexible
forearm|elbow|MadeOf|upper body parts
nail|foot|PartOf|the images displayed
donkey|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
magazine|fan|CapableOf|be use for transportation
jeep|tractor|UsedFor|eating
stove|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
leopard|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
prince|father|IsA|family
radio|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
rifle|tank|HasProperty|tiger
typewriter|scissors|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
actress|woman|UsedFor|food
rope|rock|MadeOf|paper
ankle|shoulder|UsedFor|a fight
girl|wife|IsA|male
potatoes|steak|IsA|diary food
harmonica|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
gate|bridge|IsA|religious place
leg|ankle|AtLocation|below waist
wheel|bolts|MadeOf|metal/steel
scarf|dress|IsA|home appliance
avocado|prune|IsA|long fruit
bike|scooter|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
deer|hare|IsA|predator
pants|trousers|HasA|sleeves
coyote|groundhog|HasA|long ears
onions|coconut|HasA|seeds
sheep|rabbit|IsA|teeth
floor|room|HasA|diagram on it
candle|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
cousin|mother|PartOf|your family
harp|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
ceiling|tower|IsA|body part
sack|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
man|doctor|IsA|family member
coat|jacket|UsedFor|transporting things
camel|cow|HasA| mane (hair on it)
eagle|owl|HasProperty|a predator
cockroach|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
thigh|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
onions|garlic|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
ant|frog|IsA|colorful 
wheelbarrow|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
cousin|king|IsA|family
cheetah|caribou|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
ladle|spoon|UsedFor|stirring
cottage|house|UsedFor|relaxing
beaver|mink|CapableOf|go underground
cat|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
mother|worker|IsA|car
saxophone|trombone|UsedFor|blowing
hand|forearm|HasProperty|upper body
microwave|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
arm|wrist|IsA|plural
skirt|socks|IsA|piece of clothing
barn|apartment|IsA|red home
neck|mouth|CapableOf| taste
dress|gown|IsA|an accessory
flea|spider|CapableOf|fly
plate|rope|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
beans|onions|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
scarf|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
rabbit|coyote|AtLocation|on tree
cigarette|mirror|UsedFor|a light source
toe|ankle|AtLocation|below the waist 
sandwich|bacon|MadeOf|meat
hut|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
cathedral|church|HasA|own altar
skateboard|car|HasA|wheels
pen|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
coat|clock|UsedFor|wearing
cat|spider|HasA|eating
door|bedroom|MadeOf|wood typically
cat|cockroach|IsA|plant
violin|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
roof|tower|PartOf|another card 
bison|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
worm|flea|IsA|colorful 
rabbit|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
mackerel|cod|IsA|card facing left
rock|microwave|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
caribou|elk|IsA|specific type of deer
sugar|butter|IsA|meat
inn|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
ant|flea|IsA|bug
skunk|squirrel|AtLocation|underground
bed|sink|UsedFor|making food
paintbrush|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
cat|goat|IsA|teeth
leg|arm|IsA|body part
gown|coat|HasProperty|worn below the waist
squirrel|turtle|HasA|trunk
truck|skateboard|UsedFor|snow
elbow|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
cranberry|peach|HasProperty|yellow
ant|moth|IsA|plant
orange|plum|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
crocodile|zebra|IsA|type of cat
brother|daughter|AtLocation|in a royal family
toe|neck|AtLocation|on your head
catfish|salmon|IsA|fish
steak|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
coconut|garlic|PartOf|eating
pipe|plate|CapableOf|hold water
screwdriver|stick|CapableOf|print
bolts|grenade|IsA|firearm
rope|hose|IsA|digital device
hawk|eagle|HasA|large wing span
cougar|leopard|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
mother|daughter|IsA|direct or immediate relation
spoon|pot|HasA|handle
butter|potatoes|UsedFor|desserts
walls|bathroom|PartOf|another card 
chapel|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
clamp|hose|UsedFor|entertainment
drill|spatula|UsedFor|hair
cupboard|blender|UsedFor|heating items up
grapefruit|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
leg|foot|HasProperty|below the waist 
screws|rope|IsA|vessel
squirrel|rattlesnake|AtLocation|nature
paintbrush|knife|PartOf|drawing
arm|forearm|AtLocation|upper body
shrimp|eel|HasA|fins
barn|cabin|PartOf|set of furniture
skis|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
duck|chicken|HasA|wings
saxophone|flute|MadeOf|metal
lemon|lime|IsA|citrus fruit
scissors|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
salad|sandwich|HasA|vegetable(s)
worm|squirrel|AtLocation|nature
raccoon|alligator|HasA|horn
blender|oven|IsA|electrical appliance
dog|cat|IsA|carnivore
eye|body|AtLocation|on the inside
flute|guitar|UsedFor|sound
mouse|frog|HasA|eating
scarf|necklace|IsA|accessory
rope|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
ship|balloon|IsA| mode of transportation 
avocado|garlic|IsA|green vegetable 
tent|hut|HasA| 5 letters or less
daughter|princess|CapableOf|become pregnant 
actress|princess|PartOf|hospital staff
wheel|skateboard|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
paintbrush|scissors|IsA|construction tool
wheel|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
groundhog|squirrel|AtLocation|carnivorous
comb|brush|UsedFor|grooming
leg|knees|PartOf|upper body
grapefruit|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
inn|cottage|HasA|start with a b
cottage|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
tractor|jeep|MadeOf|metal
cow|rabbit|AtLocation|jungle
girl|nurse|IsA|car
knife|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
drill|chisel|CapableOf|be used for drawing
toe|wrist|PartOf|the upper body
strawberry|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
eel|chicken|HasA|red shell when cooked
pipe|tray|MadeOf|metal
mackerel|cod|HasA|shell
rattlesnake|crocodile|IsA|reptile
toilet|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
screws|drill|CapableOf|transport liquids
knife|spatula|MadeOf|leather
elbow|hand|UsedFor|waving
pliers|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
caterpillar|butterfly|HasA|wings
stork|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
flea|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
worker|boy|IsA|head
candle|lamp|MadeOf|metal
pear|strawberry|HasA|stone 
shrimp|squid|AtLocation|on a farm
donkey|goat|IsA|something a farmer would own
necklace|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
tent|gate|IsA|4 letter word
spider|worm|HasProperty|an insect
girl|actress|CapableOf|bear a child
fawn|mole|IsA|herbivore
frog|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
bacon|sandwich|MadeOf|meat
pistol|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rattlesnake|turtle|AtLocation|nature
wheel|rocker|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
zebra|crocodile|HasA|trunk
rattlesnake|mole|CapableOf|live in water
zebra|caribou|IsA|predator 
barrel|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
boat|canoe|HasProperty|usually a large size
bean|steak|IsA|diary food
hand|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
skunk|groundhog|IsA|herbivore
pigeon|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
tuba|trombone|IsA|brass instrument
crayon|razor|IsA|construction tool
scooter|jeep|AtLocation|in water
dishwasher|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
sailboat|raft|CapableOf|carry multiple people
harmonica|tuba|HasA|reed to make it work
tap|stereo|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
wasp|cat|MadeOf|small animals
radio|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
cat|snail|IsA|colorful 
bungalow|barn|AtLocation|at your home
tank|bike|AtLocation|in there
sparrow|seagull|HasA|large wing span
crocodile|zebra|HasA|stripes
pony|cat|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
skunk|mole|HasA|hooves
cello|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
thigh|hand|IsA|joint
kettle|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
spatula|stick|PartOf|drawing
toilet|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
plug|tape|CapableOf|provide water
hair|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
scarf|coat|IsA|home appliance
plate|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
frog|moth|IsA|colorful 
hare|squirrel|HasA|horn
stick|drill|PartOf|drawing
finger|wrist|HasA|less than three joints
toilet|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tap|plug|CapableOf|make sound
mixer|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
arm|leg|IsA|joint
barrel|cannon|HasProperty|tiger
hose|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
hose|bolts|UsedFor|entertainment
girlfriend|actress|HasProperty|two syllables
mirror|scarf|UsedFor|providing light
dog|pony|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
rock|microwave|UsedFor|cooling food
orange|strawberry|HasA|edible skin
drill|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
neck|leg|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
scissors|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
guitar|tuba|MadeOf|strings
snail|turtle|IsA|colorful 
clamp|radio|AtLocation|kitchen
deck|tower|IsA|body part
tape|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rocker|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
squirrel|otter|CapableOf|climb on tree
cherry|plum|PartOf|a red the color of
girl|mother|IsA|person
magazine|tape|HasA|a type of metal
whisky|wine|HasProperty|a liquid
eye|arm|HasA|bones
lips|neck|IsA|part of the body
buffalo|deer|IsA|type of big cat
throat|neck|CapableOf| taste
cannon|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cat|rabbit|IsA|carnivore
onions|corn|HasProperty|yellow or orange
freezer|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
drill|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tap|tape|AtLocation|kitchen
leg|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
squirrel|elephant|HasA|legs
eel|zebra|IsA|mollusk
ceiling|roof|HasProperty|vertical
starling|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
chicken|rabbit|IsA|n animal
throat|neck|IsA|(one of five) human senses
closet|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
arm|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
buffalo|camel|IsA|type of cat
cockroach|cat|IsA|colorful 
uncle|cousin|IsA|family
chocolate|soup|IsA|meat
bison|dog|HasA|fur
bed|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
harp|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
pen|pencil|MadeOf|writing
knife|pen|CapableOf|to paint
cow|elephant|HasA|tail
beans|onions|IsA|green vegetable
squirrel|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cottage|bungalow|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
squirrel|mink|HasA|hooves
alligator|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
buggy|car|MadeOf|metal
necklace|cigarette|UsedFor|providing light
scissors|pencil|UsedFor|brushing
dishwasher|kettle|HasProperty|consuming electricity
cannon|barrel|HasA|finger trigger
girl|doctor|IsA|car
elephant|crocodile|AtLocation|in africa
mother|sister|HasA|child
princess|cousin|HasA|child
tape|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
groundhog|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
uncle|prince|IsA|direct relation with you
radio|mixer|AtLocation|at an electronics store
jacket|jeans|HasA|wheel
bed|cupboard|MadeOf|wood typically
wheel|tractor|UsedFor|eating
paintbrush|crayon|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
bolts|clamp|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
mole|otter|HasA|long ears
magazine|wheel|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
rock|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
dishwasher|freezer|UsedFor|heating items up
crayon|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
knife|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
crayon|stick|UsedFor|grooming
sheep|rabbit|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
elephant|ox|CapableOf|hunt for prey
trousers|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
umbrella|jacket|IsA|logo
milk|chocolate|UsedFor|recipes 
tomato|onions|IsA|fruit or vegetable
wheel|screws|UsedFor|storing wine
chandelier|lantern|CapableOf|generate light
jeep|tractor|MadeOf|metal
mirror|tray|IsA|item of clothing
butterfly|frog|HasA|walking
elbow|neck|PartOf|the upper body
brush|paintbrush|UsedFor|driving screws
caterpillar|wasp|IsA|crustecean
rope|clamp|MadeOf|paper
tower|roof|PartOf|building
octopus|squid|IsA|black and white
hand|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
peach|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
bed|toilet|CapableOf|can you sit on it
chandelier|candle|CapableOf|use a lightbulb
stereo|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
groundhog|porcupine|PartOf|herd
toe|leg|PartOf|lower body
eel|crab|IsA|water animal
raccoon|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
iguana|elephant|HasA|legs
sofa|bed|PartOf|the entrance to a room
finger|elbow|HasA|less than three joints
asparagus|chicken|IsA|fish
thigh|knees|AtLocation|below waist
man|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
strawberry|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
dove|owl|CapableOf|be a household pet
foot|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
mouse|spider|AtLocation|in a house
bathroom|window|UsedFor|tiling
crocodile|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
saucer|bowl|AtLocation|in your cupboard
mole|otter|HasA|big ears
rabbit|cat|CapableOf|be domesticated
snail|ant|HasProperty|typically able to fly
dog|cat|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
wheel|barrel|CapableOf|be used in home
elephant|elk|IsA|has horns
cabin|cottage|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
bathroom|window|IsA|body part
kettle|dishwasher|HasProperty|electrically powered
inn|cabin|HasA|start with a b
sailboat|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
apartment|bungalow|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
vulture|kite|HasA|wings
tape|mixer|AtLocation|kitchen
bolts|tape|UsedFor|entertainment
clock|lantern|IsA|home appliance
truck|bike|HasA|wheels
microwave|radio|UsedFor|keeping things cool
jet|ship|UsedFor|transportation
beaver|hare|AtLocation|underground
ant|worm|CapableOf|fly
banana|plum|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
kite|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
elbow|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
hyena|camel|HasA|horn or antler
cat|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
plate|barrel|HasProperty|part of a car
father|daughter|HasProperty|a picture of a female
skis|raft|HasA|wheels
cat|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
elbow|bone|IsA|on the lower half 
mink|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
elephant|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
turtle|squirrel|HasA|trunk
arm|foot|IsA|plural
perch|octopus|AtLocation|on a farm
scooter|skateboard|CapableOf|roll
sailboat|buggy|UsedFor|eating
boat|yacht|HasA|an engine
yacht|raft|AtLocation|in water
ant|squirrel|AtLocation|nature
crocodile|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
cow|cat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
mixer|rocker|IsA|digital device
harp|tuba|HasA|keys
screwdriver|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
zebra|crocodile|HasA|tail
neck|toe|AtLocation|inside
buggy|truck|HasProperty|consuming fuel
boy|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
tower|room|AtLocation|above your head in general
worker|princess|IsA|occupation
neck|leg|HasProperty|related with hand
hut|tent|HasA| 5 letters or less
lime|cheese|MadeOf|juice making
garlic|olive|CapableOf|delicious
pants|trousers|AtLocation|on lower body
cow|rabbit|IsA|something a farmer would own
scissors|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
plate|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
giraffe|horse|HasA|trunk
duck|potato|IsA|food
aunt|cousin|IsA|direct relation
deer|sheep|HasA|horn on head
raft|canoe|MadeOf|metal
plate|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
clamp|rocker|UsedFor|a vehicle
thigh|toe|AtLocation|upper body
starling|stork|HasProperty|a predator
jeans|trousers|IsA|typically female clothing item
neck|wrist|MadeOf|a whole body part
pencil|brush|PartOf|drawing
pliers|spatula|CapableOf|print
plum|banana|IsA|bitter fruit
radio|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
tomato|cherry|IsA|fruit
pony|sheep|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
nail|skin|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
brother|father|HasProperty|a family member
horse|zebra|CapableOf|fly
avocado|cherry|HasA|stone inside
rabbit|duck|IsA|n animal
socks|skirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
candle|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
aunt|princess|IsA|male
jeep|truck|AtLocation|in water
princess|wife|HasA|child
camel|pony|IsA|carnivore 
actress|girl|MadeOf|metal
stove|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
mirror|cigarette|CapableOf|move
crayon|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
spatula|pen|UsedFor|grooming
squid|lobster|IsA|water animal
pants|jacket|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
typewriter|comb|UsedFor|cooking
scissors|pencil|HasA|keyboard
girlfriend|worker|IsA|family member
rabbit|dog|HasA|fur
snail|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
gun|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
actress|cousin|IsA|car
cannon|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
liver|muscle|AtLocation|inside
soup|sandwich|HasA|meat
camel|zebra|AtLocation|in africa
rocker|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
squirrel|groundhog|HasA|long ears
crayon|comb|CapableOf|to paint
rocket|barrel|IsA|firearm
tiger|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
scooter|truck|AtLocation|in water
raccoon|hare|HasA|hooves
apartment|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
socks|pants|HasProperty|worn below the waist
beetle|snail|IsA|insect
drill|screws|UsedFor|harm
magazine|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
tuba|trombone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
tuna|asparagus|IsA|one syllable word
salad|sugar|UsedFor|recipes 
beaver|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
skis|bike|AtLocation|in water
ant|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
peach|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
gate|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
microwave|fridge|UsedFor|food
drill|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
pistol|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
forearm|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
door|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
goat|rabbit|HasA|wings
house|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
bathroom|window|UsedFor|decoration
leg|toe|AtLocation|on lower body
tank|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
lime|avocado|IsA|vegetable
sandwich|soup|HasProperty|a single item
owl|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
raccoon|hare|CapableOf|running fast
daughter|aunt|IsA|younger person
caterpillar|cockroach|IsA|insect
caterpillar|moth|HasA|walking
salad|chocolate|UsedFor|dessert
closet|bed|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pen|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
squirrel|mink|CapableOf|go underground
wheel|raft|UsedFor|eating
camel|crocodile|HasA|tail
stick|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
elbow|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
buggy|yacht|UsedFor|eating
cockroach|frog|MadeOf|small animals
plug|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
room|floor|UsedFor|decoration
hair|nail|HasA|bones
neck|wrist|IsA|plural
cherry|orange|IsA|red  or orang
steak|bean|IsA|liquid
sink|stove|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
arm|fingers|PartOf|upper body
bike|car|UsedFor|eating
actress|girl|IsA|family member
drill|bolts|UsedFor|daily usage 
accordion|cello|UsedFor|sound
mink|porcupine|IsA|predator
coconut|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
rattlesnake|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
goat|sheep|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
beans|olive|HasProperty|green
window|floor|HasProperty|vertical
screws|tray|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
strawberry|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
tower|window|PartOf|house
clarinet|piano|IsA|brass instrument
neck|throat|PartOf|makeup regimen
cat|caterpillar|HasA|walking
bean|steak|HasA|vegetables
thigh|ankle|AtLocation|bottom half of body
leg|blood|IsA|organ
window|ceiling|UsedFor|decoration
bolts|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
tape|hose|MadeOf|paper
sofa|curtains|UsedFor|storage
trombone|flute|HasA|tube
rabbit|goat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
rifle|rocket|CapableOf|be launched/fired
trousers|skirt|HasA|sleeves
finger|roof|PartOf|room
bed|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bagpipe|violin|UsedFor|sound
rabbit|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
cousin|father|UsedFor|transportation
comb|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
father|daughter|IsA|direct relation
bar|deck|IsA|body part
coconut|orange|PartOf|eating
pliers|screwdriver|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
mole|groundhog|CapableOf|go underground
gate|cottage|IsA|relatively small
leg|foot|PartOf|lower body
knife|pen|CapableOf|be used for hair
yacht|sailboat|UsedFor|water
house|tent|IsA|religious place
truck|scooter|UsedFor|single person transport
wheel|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
elbow|wrist|HasProperty|something humans have two of
cupboard|fridge|UsedFor|making food
faucet|bolts|IsA|digital device
harpsichord|harp|HasA|neck
comb|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
grapefruit|banana|HasA|single hard pit
potatoes|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
trout|octopus|AtLocation|at sea
typewriter|drill|CapableOf|be used for drawing
tray|plate|UsedFor|storing wine
freezer|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
elbow|hand|AtLocation|upper body
brush|scissors|IsA|cuting
deer|cow|UsedFor|riding
bike|car|UsedFor|land suitable one
drill|wheel|UsedFor|daily usage 
squirrel|rabbit|CapableOf|running fast
mole|skunk|HasA|long ears
bungalow|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
balloon|bowl|AtLocation|in water
hare|rabbit|MadeOf|green
drill|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
bar|walls|HasProperty|indoor
cod|salmon|AtLocation|in sea
frog|squirrel|IsA|insect
camel|goat|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
squirrel|hare|CapableOf|go underground
worker|boy|IsA|person
toe|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
knees|toe|HasProperty|lower body
crocodile|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
foot|knee|PartOf|the upper body
ceiling|walls|IsA|body part
bean|meal|HasProperty|mainly meat
salad|soup|MadeOf|bread
girlfriend|mother|HasA|a blood relation with you
arm|room|PartOf|house
pony|cow|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
grapefruit|pear|HasA|yellow color
dress|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
cockroach|beetle|HasA|wings
donkey|sheep|IsA|typical pet
daughter|brother|IsA|direct relation with you
bridge|bed|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
jet|helicopter|CapableOf|transport ships
raccoon|squirrel|AtLocation|underground
shirt|coat|IsA|an accessory
salmon|catfish|AtLocation|in sea
salmon|trout|IsA|card facing left
paintbrush|drill|PartOf|drawing
donkey|horse|IsA|carnivore 
wasp|butterfly|CapableOf|sting
starling|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
clamp|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
canoe|boat|UsedFor|riding on water
ant|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
tap|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
spider|cockroach|CapableOf|flying
turtle|rattlesnake|AtLocation|nature
radio|hose|IsA|digital device
chandelier|lamp|CapableOf|be set alight with match
wife|daughter|IsA|profession
lemon|coconut|PartOf|eating
leopard|cheetah|IsA|predator 
harmonica|accordion|HasA|reed to make it work
dress|thermometer|MadeOf|threads
tiger|crocodile|HasProperty|eat meat
hand|finger|PartOf|house
man|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
pigeon|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
knife|stick|UsedFor|grooming
beaver|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
corn|beans|IsA|vegetable
bolts|tape|IsA|electric 
drill|gun|CapableOf|be used in home
boots|jacket|UsedFor|warming upper body
floor|arm|PartOf|house
bone|liver|AtLocation|inside
toe|finger|IsA|plural
prune|cherry|IsA|more than one fruit
giraffe|gorilla|IsA|like a cat
horse|donkey|UsedFor|a source of milk
shoes|jeans|HasA|sleeves
squirrel|skunk|AtLocation|underground
groundhog|squirrel|HasA|long ear
typewriter|spatula|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
oven|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
mixer|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
toe|hand|PartOf|upper body
olive|coconut|HasA|eatable shell or peel
yacht|boat|UsedFor|delivering parcels
microwave|kettle|AtLocation|on a countertop
cigarette|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
raspberry|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
scissors|pencil|IsA|cuting
skunk|beaver|HasProperty|originated from north america
skirt|jacket|UsedFor|warming upper body
buggy|jeep|AtLocation|in water
elephant|camel|UsedFor|travel
screwdriver|typewriter|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
chandelier|candle|UsedFor|wearing
skateboard|scooter|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
elephant|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
skin|body|AtLocation|below your waist
caterpillar|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
clock|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
faucet|mixer|CapableOf|be turned on
camel|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
girlfriend|girl|PartOf|hospital staff
caterpillar|snail|CapableOf|flying
shirt|blouse|IsA|worn on the lower body
plum|prune|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
vulture|pigeon|AtLocation|at a beach
girlfriend|aunt|HasProperty|royalty
cheese|lime|CapableOf|bitter
camel|horse|IsA|carnivore 
clarinet|trumpet|HasA|valves
duck|potato|HasProperty|red
necklace|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
stick|chisel|MadeOf|writing
bean|sugar|IsA|meat
sandwich|beer|IsA|diary food
tank|wheel|MadeOf|metal
orange|strawberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
turtle|spider|HasA|walking
spider|beetle|HasProperty|an insect
cow|frog|CapableOf|jump
roof|room|CapableOf|let in air
ant|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
belt|drill|HasA|number on it
princess|woman|IsA|car
catfish|asparagus|HasA|legs
prune|pear|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
oven|microwave|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
meal|steak|HasA|vegetables
lime|cherry|CapableOf|spices
cello|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
roof|floor|MadeOf|wood
pliers|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
thermometer|necklace|CapableOf|generate light
flea|spider|IsA|colorful 
stove|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bolts|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
sheep|horse|AtLocation|pet store
raspberry|cranberry|IsA|fruit
trumpet|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
elephant|pony|HasA|fur
cat|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
goat|donkey|CapableOf|be domesticated
crayon|brush|IsA|metal
faucet|tap|UsedFor|a vehicle
kettle|blender|CapableOf|hold water
grenade|rope|CapableOf|contain water
bacon|bean|IsA|liquid
raccoon|groundhog|CapableOf|climb trees
finger|fingers|PartOf|lower body
hare|mole|IsA|sad
horse|tiger|HasA|trunk
knife|spatula|IsA|construction tool
cat|rabbit|CapableOf|jump
octopus|mackerel|IsA|water animal
chapel|bridge|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
rabbit|deer|IsA|typical pet
skirt|jeans|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
sandwich|bacon|HasA|meat
elbow|shoulder|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
deer|sheep|HasA|hooves
mother|cousin|AtLocation|in a castle
cupboard|toaster|CapableOf|hold water
wheelbarrow|trousers|HasA|sleeves
cart|horse|CapableOf|fly
potatoes|chocolate|MadeOf|several ingredients
butter|salad|IsA|liquid
trombone|guitar|IsA|instrument
broccoli|avocado|IsA|purple vegetable
cheetah|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
plate|barrel|CapableOf|be used in home
pipe|barrel|CapableOf|destroy a building
nail|eye|IsA|limb
hose|rock|IsA|related to music 
foot|nail|PartOf|the images displayed
scooter|buggy|HasA|wheels
paintbrush|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
barrel|hose|CapableOf|transport liquids
flute|piano|MadeOf|strings
dog|bison|HasProperty|fluffy
deer|elephant|IsA|predator 
toilet|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
skunk|elk|CapableOf|live in water
gate|chapel|HasA| place for worship
blouse|jacket|UsedFor|protection
knees|elbow|IsA|joint
gun|cannon|CapableOf|be launched/fired
bolts|plug|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
nail|body|AtLocation|on your head
worm|wasp|HasProperty|an insect
toaster|fridge|PartOf|kitchen appliance
ceiling|bar|PartOf|human body
mole|coyote|HasA|horn
mink|squirrel|HasA|hooves
ankle|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
leg|shoulder|IsA|joint
mink|porcupine|HasA|hooves
groundhog|rabbit|CapableOf|hunt other animals
raft|skateboard|HasA|wheels
banana|pineapple|HasA|usually inedible skin
bacon|potatoes|IsA|diary food
wrist|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
crocodile|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
magazine|fan|MadeOf|steel
clamp|radio|MadeOf|metal
bolts|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
sparrow|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
sheep|cow|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
radio|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
grapefruit|coconut|HasA|usually inedible skin
goat|rabbit|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
boy|man|UsedFor|food
pistol|tank|HasProperty|made for violence
butterfly|spider|IsA|crustecean
inn|church|IsA|public building (typically)
scissors|drill|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
orange|coconut|MadeOf|juice making
cranberry|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
mole|rabbit|IsA|predator
harmonica|trombone|MadeOf|strings
willow|bed|IsA|man made item
shoulder|arm|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
comb|knife|CapableOf|to paint
cottage|tent|HasProperty|a black and white picture
squirrel|rabbit|UsedFor|swimming
deer|squirrel|IsA|mammal
wasp|moth|IsA|bug
shirt|socks|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
coyote|raccoon|IsA|herbivore
moth|worm|IsA|bug
rocker|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
liver|eye|IsA|cancer related card
kite|vulture|IsA|bird of prey
spatula|comb|HasProperty|cutting
father|son|IsA|family
clamp|plug|MadeOf|metal
fawn|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
elbow|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
roof|window|PartOf|room
gate|house|UsedFor|relaxing
colander|spoon|IsA|electric powered item
elk|raccoon|IsA|predator
forearm|toe|IsA|joint
lemon|cranberry|IsA|physical fruit or veg
screwdriver|razor|PartOf|drawing
kettle|freezer|UsedFor|making food
stereo|tape|HasA|a type of metal
turtle|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
milk|butter|IsA|diary food
worker|actress|UsedFor|transportation
skunk|mole|IsA|otter
forearm|finger|PartOf|upper body
stick|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
wrist|forearm|MadeOf|a whole body part
cockroach|worm|IsA|colorful 
hut|building|IsA|permanent structure
daughter|mother|HasA|child
ceiling|window|AtLocation|on the outside of building
cat|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
bathroom|room|HasA|diagram on it
frog|tiger|IsA|teeth
rope|bolts|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
dress|necklace|IsA|home appliance
plug|faucet|UsedFor|can your card used home
pelican|kite|CapableOf|attack others
wheelbarrow|coat|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
pen|typewriter|IsA|cuting
elk|elephant|UsedFor|travel
scissors|chisel|HasA|sharp edge
stove|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
saucer|airplane|CapableOf|float 
thigh|knees|HasProperty|lower body
frog|wasp|IsA|colorful 
sailboat|scooter|AtLocation|in there
tuna|chicken|IsA|mollusk
wheelbarrow|bag|HasA|wheel
hare|deer|IsA|predator
skunk|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
mink|beaver|IsA|predator
oven|rock|CapableOf|working
cockroach|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
plate|screws|CapableOf|transport liquids
brush|typewriter|UsedFor|driving screws
trousers|jeans|UsedFor|feet
soup|bacon|IsA|liquid
cigarette|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
plug|rock|IsA|related to music 
blouse|jacket|HasProperty|worn by a woman
ceiling|bathroom|HasProperty|enclosed
toe|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
paintbrush|pliers|AtLocation|construction site
vulture|kite|UsedFor|a national symbol
hand|fingers|PartOf|house
jacket|blouse|HasA|male on it
skis|bike|AtLocation|in there
sack|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
father|woman|IsA|profession
faucet|wheel|AtLocation|kitchen
uncle|brother|IsA|royalty
gate|bedroom|AtLocation|at your home
otter|squirrel|IsA|otter
door|sofa|CapableOf|contain items
faucet|wheel|MadeOf|metal/steel
kite|eagle|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
ant|flea|HasA|walking
potato|duck|MadeOf|red
typewriter|pliers|CapableOf|print
buzzard|starling|HasA|large wingspan
duck|pigeon|CapableOf|fly
horse|goat|HasA|hooves
worm|ant|MadeOf|small animals
iguana|crocodile|HasA|four feet
mirror|candle|UsedFor|wearing
butterfly|wasp|HasProperty|an insect
butterfly|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
mole|raccoon|IsA|animal with long ears
donkey|elephant|AtLocation|pet store
wheel|buggy|HasA|wheels
lime|coconut|CapableOf|bitter
daughter|mother|UsedFor|transportation
belt|clamp|HasA|number on it
saxophone|bagpipe|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
elephant|bison|UsedFor|travel
father|doctor|IsA|female
liver|muscle|IsA|limb
clarinet|flute|HasA|tube
frog|beetle|AtLocation|nature
avocado|lemon|IsA|fruit
magazine|oven|MadeOf|steel
eye|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
blender|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
mole|rabbit|UsedFor|swimming
accordion|harp|IsA|wind instrument
elbow|wrist|PartOf|the lower body
cat|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
walls|window|PartOf|a house
skis|truck|UsedFor|land suitable one
crayon|comb|MadeOf|writing
strawberry|peach|IsA|fruit
meat|butter|MadeOf|cup
vulture|hawk|IsA|alive 
ladle|colander|HasProperty|electrically powered
kettle|fridge|UsedFor|washing dishes
worm|spider|HasA|walking
camel|cart|AtLocation|in africa
wrist|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
mother|wife|HasA|green item of clothing
robe|umbrella|IsA|logo
blender|fridge|CapableOf|be plugged in
jacket|dress|HasA|sleeves
cupboard|wall|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
hut|cabin|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
raspberry|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
soup|milk|HasProperty|alcoholic
grapefruit|avocado|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
squirrel|raccoon|CapableOf|be held 
liquor|wine|HasProperty|alcoholic
liver|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
arm|fingers|PartOf|building
inn|bridge|UsedFor|religious gathering
foot|toe|HasProperty|below the waist 
cow|donkey|HasA| mane (hair on it)
elbow|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
drill|belt|HasA|number on it
girl|woman|HasProperty|female
plum|pear|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
tiger|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
boat|balloon|IsA| mode of transportation 
cockroach|butterfly|IsA|plant
arm|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
frog|rabbit|HasA|eating
neck|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
lamp|mirror|IsA|home appliance
wife|actress|HasA|a blood relation with you
sink|ladle|HasProperty|consuming electricity
brow|throat|IsA|(one of five) human senses
mouse|frog|CapableOf|kill a human
orange|peach|HasA|edible skin
falcon|duck|HasA|start with a p
trombone|trumpet|IsA|wind instrument
typewriter|pencil|CapableOf|print
elk|squirrel|IsA|mammal
skin|muscle|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
pear|garlic|HasA|usually inedible skin
cherry|lime|UsedFor|testy
accordion|trumpet|HasA|reed to make it work
elbow|leg|IsA|part of the skeleton
girl|boy|IsA|occupation
sugar|butter|UsedFor|recipes 
butterfly|wasp|IsA|crustecean
moth|flea|IsA|colorful 
plug|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
dishwasher|blender|CapableOf|hold water
cat|elephant|HasA|eating
pencil|scissors|PartOf|what is the name of 
lamb|chicken|IsA|n animal
muscle|bone|AtLocation|in the torso
cigarette|chandelier|UsedFor|camping gear
arm|skin|AtLocation|inside
milk|wine|IsA|liquid
tank|hose|IsA|vessel
flea|butterfly|IsA|plant
zebra|elephant|HasA|long neck
screwdriver|paintbrush|IsA|cuting
corn|onions|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
cockroach|caterpillar|HasA|walking
hand|finger|HasA|more than one joint
salmon|mackerel|AtLocation|in sea
caterpillar|flea|CapableOf|flying
elephant|zebra|AtLocation|in africa
crocodile|horse|IsA|object
arm|toe|AtLocation|on head
leg|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
comb|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
nurse|actress|IsA|profession
lemon|garlic|CapableOf|spices
drill|bolts|AtLocation|in a toolbox
boots|skirt|IsA|piece of clothing
eye|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
worm|flea|IsA|bug
hut|bed|IsA|religious place
pistol|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
cupboard|door|CapableOf|can you sit on it
bungalow|cabin|IsA|component of a home
brush|razor|UsedFor|grooming
squirrel|mink|CapableOf|climb on tree
lantern|cigarette|UsedFor|wearing
strainer|barrel|AtLocation|at home
rock|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
bison|elk|CapableOf|carry a adult human
skateboard|skis|MadeOf|metal
beaver|deer|HasA|hair/fur
crab|lobster|HasA|fins
zebra|horse|IsA|herbivore
tiger|crocodile|HasA|hooves
woman|wife|CapableOf|become pregnant 
raspberry|banana|IsA|more than one fruit
tuba|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
raspberry|cherry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
foot|ankle|PartOf|lower body
spider|elephant|HasA|eating
body|toe|AtLocation|on head
deer|frog|AtLocation|pet store
mackerel|tuna|CapableOf|come in a tin
paper|glass|IsA|bottle
ant|wasp|IsA|colorful 
flute|harmonica|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
chapel|building|AtLocation|at your home
freezer|sink|UsedFor|heating items up
bed|barn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
tank|pistol|CapableOf|be used one-handed
rabbit|camel|IsA|something a farmer would own
chisel|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
bathroom|ceiling|IsA|body part
umbrella|shield|HasProperty|something that is worn
raft|yacht|HasProperty|usually a large size
dog|rabbit|CapableOf|be domesticated
princess|aunt|PartOf|close blood relative
lips|finger|CapableOf| taste
cannon|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
mole|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
banjo|harp|HasA|strings
pants|shoes|UsedFor|warming upper body
peach|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
boat|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
coconut|garlic|HasProperty|green
hose|plug|IsA|digital device
actress|princess|HasProperty|older than you
radio|stereo|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
mole|groundhog|PartOf|herd
knife|stick|CapableOf|be used for drawing
camel|cougar|HasA|horn
dog|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
daughter|mother|PartOf|close blood relative
trombone|accordion|MadeOf|strings
dog|cow|UsedFor|riding
tin|paper|IsA|bottle
groundhog|raccoon|HasProperty|originated from north america
chandelier|lamp|IsA|home appliance
toe|foot|HasProperty|has five toes
piano|trombone|PartOf|strings
girl|woman|IsA|car
father|cousin|IsA|profession
clamp|rock|MadeOf|paper
scissors|typewriter|PartOf|what is the name of 
trout|cod|IsA|mollusk
plug|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
aunt|father|IsA|profession
pineapple|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
oven|microwave|UsedFor|cooling food
clamp|tap|IsA|digital device
crayon|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
squid|catfish|IsA|water animal
pencil|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
kettle|dishwasher|UsedFor|storing food 
screws|pipe|IsA|firearm
woman|actress|IsA|female (strictly)
cockroach|turtle|IsA|plant
bar|floor|PartOf|building
grenade|pipe|CapableOf|use electricity
plate|pipe|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
skirt|trousers|HasA|sleeves
steak|salad|HasA|vegetables
donkey|pony|IsA|carnivore 
trousers|shoes|PartOf|pair
beaver|mole|IsA|predator
rocker|fridge|UsedFor|entertainment
building|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
deer|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
hose|tap|MadeOf|metal/steel
mother|nurse|IsA|female
forearm|elbow|HasProperty|upper body
room|roof|PartOf|garage
worm|wasp|IsA|crustecean
cranberry|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
bison|ox|HasA|horn
jeans|trousers|UsedFor|transporting things
deck|room|PartOf|house
sink|dishwasher|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
zebra|eel|HasA|fins
crocodile|giraffe|IsA|type of cat
neck|arm|IsA|limb
ceiling|roof|AtLocation|above your head in general
bike|scooter|HasProperty|consuming fuel
rocker|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
shoes|skirt|AtLocation|upper part of body
sheep|bison|IsA|typical pet
deer|elk|HasA|hooves
tank|pistol|UsedFor|shooting
hose|plug|UsedFor|entertainment
wrist|neck|HasA|more than one joint
rifle|pistol|IsA|vessel
pear|plum|HasA|(usually) edible skin
camel|sheep|HasA|fur
razor|spatula|UsedFor|crafts
potato|duck|HasProperty|furry
pear|raspberry|HasProperty|sweet
gun|pistol|UsedFor|shooting
avocado|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin (usually)
groundhog|mink|HasA|hooves
pliers|brush|CapableOf|to paint
lamb|goat|CapableOf|eating
wheel|rock|CapableOf|be turned on
coyote|skunk|PartOf|herd
cart|giraffe|AtLocation|in africa
pliers|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
ant|cockroach|IsA|plant
balloon|boat|CapableOf|fly
pear|prune|PartOf|group or bunch 
leg|body|HasA|bones
roof|tower|PartOf|garage
tower|floor|HasA|glass
door|bedroom|CapableOf|open/close
skunk|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
blouse|dress|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
squirrel|skunk|IsA|predator
chicken|salmon|HasA|red shell when cooked
fingers|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
plate|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
ankle|nail|IsA|limb
worker|actress|IsA|profession
grenade|gun|CapableOf|be used one-handed
deer|elk|IsA|predator
shoulder|toe|CapableOf|carrying objects
raccoon|skunk|HasProperty|4 letters long
rocket|wheel|CapableOf|store or transport water
guitar|piano|HasA|keys
clamp|tap|UsedFor|entertainment
camel|rabbit|IsA|something a farmer would own
blender|stove|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
rabbit|coyote|PartOf|herd
church|cottage|IsA|component of a home
sauce|beer|IsA|liquid
house|gate|IsA|relatively small
chicken|onions|IsA|food
salmon|trout|IsA|name begging with c
sailboat|raft|AtLocation|in there
zebra|crocodile|HasA|long neck
lamb|potato|MadeOf|something edible
bolts|cannon|IsA|vessel
sauce|salad|UsedFor|recipes 
buggy|tractor|HasA|an engine
wheel|pistol|IsA|vessel
razor|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for drawing
tiger|camel|IsA|type of cat
rocker|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
finger|neck|HasProperty|used affected during make up
hare|rabbit|AtLocation|water usually
cow|horse|HasA|fur
screwdriver|pen|CapableOf|to paint
wife|princess|AtLocation|in a castle
ankle|shoulder|IsA|joint
sack|boots|HasA|sleeves
man|woman|IsA|job or profession
dress|shirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
elbow|neck|PartOf|upper body
sofa|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
yacht|canoe|AtLocation|in water
bedroom|curtains|UsedFor|sleep
leg|hand|PartOf|human body
fingers|arm|PartOf|the upper body
brush|screwdriver|PartOf|what is your name this
stereo|hose|HasA|string or line
actress|daughter|HasProperty|two syllables
cougar|hyena|IsA|type of big cat
car|canoe|AtLocation|in there
arm|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
pen|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
rock|oven|UsedFor|food
king|brother|IsA|male
chandelier|lamp|CapableOf|give off light/glow
tape|faucet|UsedFor|can your card used home
supper|salad|MadeOf|meat
corn|beans|IsA|purple vegetable
moth|cockroach|IsA|plant
pony|horse|UsedFor|riding
barn|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
rope|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
orange|pepper|HasProperty|green
radio|stereo|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
barrel|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
tape|hose|IsA|related to music 
aunt|mother|CapableOf|become pregnant 
crocodile|gorilla|IsA|has horns
liver|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
meal|salad|HasProperty|a single item
crocodile|tiger|HasProperty|carnivorous
scissors|typewriter|CapableOf|print
father|king|IsA|man
cockroach|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
faucet|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
skunk|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
donkey|dog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
flute|trumpet|HasProperty|single-reed
pants|jeans|UsedFor|warming upper body
grapefruit|raspberry|HasProperty|red
actress|woman|HasProperty|royalty
bowl|saucer|HasA|wings
magazine|rocker|UsedFor|music related entertainment
stork|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
bean|bacon|IsA|diary food
rifle|pistol|CapableOf|be used one-handed
birch|willow|IsA|weapon
plate|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
bathroom|room|HasProperty|enclosed
shirt|coat|UsedFor|transporting things
cherry|coconut|IsA|vegetable
wheelbarrow|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
cranberry|pear|IsA|fruit
cousin|girl|HasProperty|male
turtle|squirrel|IsA|plant
wheel|radio|IsA|digital device
hare|squirrel|IsA|predator
brush|screwdriver|PartOf|what is the name of 
daughter|wife|HasProperty|a picture of a female
screws|drill|UsedFor|building
skateboard|skis|HasA|wheels
horse|goat|IsA|carnivore 
elk|deer|HasA|horn or antler
floor|roof|PartOf|human body
woman|boy|IsA|person
girl|boy|IsA|noun
harp|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
pants|coat|MadeOf|threads
spade|bed|IsA|tree
aunt|nurse|HasProperty|male
broccoli|garlic|UsedFor|cleaning
rope|tap|CapableOf|work without electricity
grapefruit|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
truck|skis|UsedFor|eating
toaster|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
butterfly|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
plug|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
frog|rabbit|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
father|cousin|HasProperty|a profession
perch|eel|IsA|fish
wheel|bike|UsedFor|water
butterfly|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
curtains|bed|PartOf|the entrance to a room
guitar|clarinet|MadeOf|metal
tap|hose|UsedFor|can your card used home
goat|lamb|HasProperty|red
closet|tray|CapableOf|can you sit on it
squirrel|turtle|HasA|four feet
hose|rope|UsedFor|a vehicle
hose|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
toaster|fridge|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
neck|elbow|UsedFor|holding a cup
jet|boat|CapableOf|fly
hut|church|AtLocation|at your home
magazine|hose|IsA|related to music 
pelican|eagle|HasProperty|domesticated
spatula|stick|CapableOf|to paint
clamp|magazine|IsA|related to music 
camel|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
leg|toe|UsedFor|walking
screws|wheel|CapableOf|hold water
elk|caribou|CapableOf|carry a adult human
sauce|meat|UsedFor|dessert
strainer|barrel|PartOf|any of various units of 
building|house|HasProperty|for the rich
kettle|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
rocker|radio|CapableOf|provide water
boy|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
boat|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
guitar|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
door|tray|CapableOf|be plumbed in
squirrel|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
onions|duck|MadeOf|something edible
eggplant|corn|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
willow|spade|IsA|tree
comb|screwdriver|HasA|sharp edge
prune|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
avocado|pear|HasProperty|sweet
iguana|alligator|HasA|legs
pen|typewriter|PartOf|what is your name this
forearm|fingers|IsA|joint
hose|tape|IsA|electronic device
thigh|knee|AtLocation|below the waist 
grapefruit|peach|HasProperty|yellow
neck|throat|PartOf|face
willow|birch|IsA|weapon 
comb|stick|PartOf|drawing
grapefruit|banana|PartOf|group or bunch 
cockroach|caterpillar|IsA|insect
cannon|rifle|UsedFor|harm
sandwich|steak|MadeOf|meat
buggy|car|UsedFor|land suitable one
hand|elbow|PartOf|lower body
dress|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
ox|hyena|UsedFor|crossing deserts
plate|drill|CapableOf|used in war
pistol|rifle|CapableOf|be launched/fired
eel|perch|IsA|name begging with c
ladle|kettle|CapableOf|make things cold
beaver|hare|IsA|predator
fawn|porcupine|IsA|predator
bowl|jet|HasA|the ability to fly
alligator|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
apartment|oak|PartOf|set of furniture
octopus|perch|IsA|water animal
magazine|radio|UsedFor|keeping things cool
ship|bowl|CapableOf|fly
mixer|faucet|AtLocation|kitchen
king|prince|AtLocation|in a royal family
elbow|body|AtLocation|on your head
fridge|oven|IsA|electrical appliance
fingers|neck|AtLocation|upper body
wheel|fan|HasProperty|round shaped
horse|pony|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
ankle|leg|AtLocation|upper body
beetle|cockroach|HasA|walking
clamp|tape|MadeOf|paper
starling|kite|HasA|large wing span
cod|eel|AtLocation|at sea
princess|aunt|IsA|male
clamp|fan|CapableOf|make sound
accordion|saxophone|HasA|keys
cheetah|buffalo|IsA|has horns
door|bedroom|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
bolts|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
lamp|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
paper|skunk|MadeOf|animals or plants
nurse|worker|MadeOf|metal
sailboat|raft|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
candle|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
flute|harp|MadeOf|strings
prince|king|IsA|ruler of a kingdom
hose|rope|IsA|related to music 
ox|elephant|HasA|horns 
tower|hand|PartOf|room
woman|girlfriend|HasProperty|royalty
groundhog|skunk|HasA|hooves
squirrel|frog|HasProperty|an insect
potatoes|sugar|UsedFor|desserts
cherry|prune|HasA|(usually) edible skin
nurse|woman|HasProperty|male
trombone|flute|IsA|wind instrument
nail|toe|PartOf|the images displayed
mother|boy|IsA|noun
tape|stereo|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
hose|bolts|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
faucet|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
worm|cat|IsA|colorful 
ox|bison|CapableOf|hunt for prey
raccoon|deer|IsA|mammal
bed|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
brush|knife|CapableOf|print
gown|jeans|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
pear|avocado|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
typewriter|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mink|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
finger|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
tongue|brow|IsA|part of the body
cigarette|lantern|CapableOf|move
goat|cow|UsedFor|food products
tent|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
tank|pipe|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
closet|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
scissors|razor|CapableOf|writing
coyote|squirrel|PartOf|herd
mixer|rope|HasA|string or line
woman|aunt|HasProperty|a picture of a female
shoes|pants|IsA|piece of clothing
mother|sister|PartOf|your family
leg|arm|AtLocation|on your head
prince|uncle|IsA|direct relation with you
rabbit|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
car|raft|AtLocation|in there
bed|broom|IsA|weapon 
rope|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
coat|jacket|IsA|an accessory
squirrel|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
tongue|nose|AtLocation|below mouth
jeep|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
clamp|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
bungalow|hut|IsA|religious place
girl|woman|HasProperty|male
window|bar|IsA|body part
wife|woman|HasA|a blood relation with you
leopard|cougar|IsA|has horns
sailboat|yacht|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
daughter|cousin|IsA|profession
arm|elbow|AtLocation|in your upper body
beaver|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
clamp|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
daughter|actress|HasProperty|male
crocodile|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
rope|tape|UsedFor|dispensing water
boat|truck|MadeOf|metal
trumpet|saxophone|IsA|instruments with buttons
tank|strainer|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
scissors|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
squirrel|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
snail|flea|HasProperty|an insect
woman|father|IsA|car
dog|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
coconut|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
soup|supper|MadeOf|bread
razor|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
cat|flea|IsA|plant
prune|plum|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
zebra|horse|CapableOf|fly
toilet|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
barrel|hose|HasProperty|flexible
pencil|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
window|ceiling|HasA|diagram on it
tank|barrel|PartOf|any of various units of 
butterfly|beetle|IsA|insect
rattlesnake|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
duck|hawk|IsA|alive 
peach|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
deer|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
tape|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
pliers|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
finger|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
cousin|wife|PartOf|close blood relative
jacket|dress|PartOf|pair
cannon|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tank|car|HasProperty|consuming fuel
boy|doctor|IsA|male
bolts|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
crab|eel|IsA|water animal
arm|fingers|IsA|body part
bungalow|bridge|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
flute|piano|IsA|brass instrument
lamp|chandelier|MadeOf|glass
bed|bridge|IsA|religious place
fan|plug|CapableOf|make or play music
typewriter|screwdriver|IsA|cuting
house|inn|HasA|roof
hose|clamp|UsedFor|entertainment
pear|grapefruit|HasA|peel
clamp|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
chandelier|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
blood|muscle|AtLocation|in the torso
brush|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
arm|body|AtLocation|inside
toe|leg|AtLocation|upper body
saucer|helicopter|AtLocation|on water
cow|sheep|AtLocation|pet store
elephant|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
harpsichord|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
bathroom|walls|PartOf|another card 
chisel|brush|CapableOf|to paint
deer|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
banana|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
plate|grenade|IsA|vessel
nose|mouth|IsA|part of the body
gate|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
rattlesnake|cockroach|HasA|walking
pipe|rope|CapableOf|used in war
mother|girlfriend|HasProperty|female
daughter|mother|IsA|direct or immediate relation
thigh|knee|HasProperty|below the waist 
clarinet|trombone|MadeOf|strings
rocket|bolts|IsA|vessel
dishwasher|kettle|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
elbow|kidney|AtLocation|on head
goat|tomato|CapableOf|eating
rabbit|cow|HasA|tail
roof|room|AtLocation|at ground level
clamp|tape|CapableOf|provide water
gorilla|zebra|AtLocation|in water
radio|rocker|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
grapefruit|cherry|IsA|more than one fruit
drill|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
sheep|goat|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
catfish|tuna|IsA|card facing left
fawn|hare|CapableOf|go underground
boy|father|UsedFor|transportation
strainer|pipe|UsedFor|storing wine
giraffe|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
daughter|aunt|IsA|profession
kidney|neck|AtLocation|on your head
elbow|ankle|AtLocation|inside
brush|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
stereo|rock|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
cougar|elephant|AtLocation|in hot climates 
rabbit|mouse|IsA|household pet
boy|nurse|HasA|the color brown in it
skirt|robe|HasProperty|something that can be worn
stove|dishwasher|PartOf|kitchen appliance
deer|horse|IsA|typical pet
bedroom|carpet|UsedFor|lighting
knee|hand|IsA|plural
rattlesnake|worm|AtLocation|nature
rope|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
elbow|neck|HasA|more than one joint
window|room|PartOf|house
tiger|giraffe|HasA|tail
bar|window|PartOf|human body
mirror|lantern|CapableOf|be set alight with match
pipe|strainer|HasProperty|part of a car
pipe|plate|IsA|firearm
pineapple|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
church|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
lamp|candle|IsA|home appliance
lobster|squid|HasA|legs
cat|bison|HasA| mane (hair on it)
wasp|butterfly|HasA|wings
frog|turtle|HasProperty|four-legged
house|cottage|IsA|place to live permanently
shoes|dress|IsA|piece of clothing
ceiling|window|PartOf|room
crocodile|elephant|HasA|long neck
faucet|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
garlic|onions|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
tank|bolts|IsA|firearm
rabbit|tiger|HasProperty|fluffy
worm|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
lobster|perch|IsA|fish
squirrel|rabbit|AtLocation|carnivorous
squid|perch|HasA|shell
uncle|son|IsA|male
squirrel|raccoon|IsA|animal with long ears
scissors|stick|MadeOf|writing
lemon|grapefruit|IsA|fruit
paintbrush|crayon|HasA|keyboard
garlic|banana|IsA|physical fruit or veg
aunt|princess|PartOf|close blood relative
bolts|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
cranberry|cherry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
wheel|plate|CapableOf|contain water
rope|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
cousin|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
grenade|cannon|CapableOf|blow things up
trousers|sack|UsedFor|transporting things
pigeon|kite|HasA|large wing span
bungalow|cabin|MadeOf|one or more rooms
cello|banjo|CapableOf|easily carried around
broom|spade|IsA|tree
drill|stick|MadeOf|writing
bolts|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
blood|skin|AtLocation|on head
trousers|boots|UsedFor|warming upper body
bagpipe|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
cucumber|broccoli|HasProperty|green
spatula|pencil|MadeOf|writing
cannon|rifle|HasProperty|made for violence
raccoon|mole|CapableOf|attack human
ceiling|walls|PartOf|room
caribou|buffalo|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
aunt|father|HasProperty|a picture of a female
scissors|comb|CapableOf|print
girlfriend|princess|HasA|a blood relation with you
ankle|elbow|IsA|joint
screwdriver|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
boots|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
girl|woman|HasProperty|royalty
ox|bison|HasA|horn
bolts|screws|CapableOf|use electricity
pistol|rope|CapableOf|be used in home
buzzard|starling|CapableOf|be a household pet
house|cottage|HasProperty|for the rich
squirrel|worm|IsA|plant
onions|potato|IsA|meat or animal
trout|shrimp|AtLocation|at sea
hut|barn|IsA|place to live permanently
sister|princess|HasA|child
fan|plug|IsA|electric 
scooter|skateboard|HasA|engine
pear|raspberry|PartOf|group or bunch 
tap|hose|UsedFor|dispensing water
rabbit|mole|HasA|hair/fur
flute|banjo|IsA|instrument
shirt|trousers|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
potato|onions|IsA|meat or animal
eagle|hawk|HasProperty|a predator
butterfly|worm|IsA|crustecean
pants|skirt|IsA|home appliance
banjo|cello|CapableOf|easily carried around
mother|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
comb|stick|CapableOf|be used for drawing
nurse|worker|HasA|pay check
crocodile|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
salad|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
pliers|screwdriver|IsA|construction tool
squirrel|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
tap|rocker|UsedFor|a vehicle
mother|man|UsedFor|food
tank|gun|CapableOf|be used one-handed
bacon|steak|UsedFor|dinner
blender|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pony|donkey|UsedFor|a mode of transport
cat|crocodile|UsedFor|human transport
skis|tank|UsedFor|land suitable one
celery|onions|IsA|purple vegetable
ceiling|deck|HasProperty|indoor
dog|cat|HasProperty|carnivorous
rope|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
closet|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
cousin|aunt|HasA|green item of clothing
asparagus|tuna|IsA|one syllable word
plug|stereo|IsA|electric 
gun|drill|IsA|vessel
trousers|boots|PartOf|lower waistline
actress|wife|HasProperty|exclusively female
garlic|avocado|IsA|green vegetable 
lobster|asparagus|AtLocation|on a farm
rabbit|squirrel|HasA|tail
bean|butter|IsA|liquid
shoulder|knee|IsA|joint
camel|buffalo|HasA|hooves
jeep|buggy|AtLocation|in water
coyote|mink|IsA|mammal
door|wall|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
bolts|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
knee|ankle|PartOf|lower body
raccoon|porcupine|CapableOf|climb trees
liquor|butter|HasProperty|a liquid
gate|cottage|HasProperty|a black and white picture
elbow|body|IsA|on the lower half 
lemon|cheese|UsedFor|testy
father|worker|HasProperty|male
banjo|flute|HasA|strings
cousin|boy|HasProperty|a profession
plug|rock|IsA|digital device
forearm|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
cheese|olive|CapableOf|spices
girl|boy|UsedFor|food
broccoli|eggplant|HasProperty|something people usually eat raw
freezer|stove|UsedFor|cooking food
prune|plum|HasA|(usually) edible skin
raspberry|prune|HasA|(usually) edible skin
spear|bayonet|IsA|weapon
curtains|carpet|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
piano|harp|MadeOf|strings
screwdriver|spatula|UsedFor|crafts
corn|avocado|UsedFor|meat replacement
fan|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
leg|toe|IsA|upper body part
sheep|elephant|IsA|teeth
princess|father|IsA|profession
faucet|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
tower|window|PartOf|room
asparagus|trout|HasA|legs
bungalow|oak|PartOf|set of furniture
fridge|kettle|HasA|electrical parts
cat|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
liver|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
caterpillar|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
mole|skunk|MadeOf|green
cod|asparagus|HasA|legs
jeep|car|UsedFor|war
wasp|worm|IsA|colorful 
yacht|tank|AtLocation|in there
avocado|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
bagpipe|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
tuna|catfish|AtLocation|at sea
arm|wrist|UsedFor|waving
wheel|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
floor|bathroom|HasProperty|vertical
pear|banana|HasProperty|sweet
scarf|mirror|CapableOf|give off light/glow
butterfly|ant|IsA|insect
bolts|stereo|MadeOf|metal
trumpet|accordion|HasA|reed to make it work
corn|celery|IsA|vegetable
dress|trousers|IsA|piece of clothing
woman|daughter|HasProperty|a picture of a female
willow|spear|IsA|tree
lamp|candle|CapableOf|move
spade|bayonet|IsA|tree
bedroom|house|IsA|place to live permanently
door|wall|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
knife|drill|CapableOf|make holes 
neck|toe|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
alligator|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
wine|liquor|HasProperty|a liquid
rabbit|horse|UsedFor|a source of milk
mixer|rope|UsedFor|water
strainer|wheel|AtLocation|at home
coat|skirt|MadeOf|threads
tower|room|CapableOf|be used home
blouse|scarf|CapableOf|be worn
tape|hose|UsedFor|entertainment
chisel|crayon|MadeOf|writing
pencil|crayon|CapableOf|get smaller as it's used
chapel|barn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
cheetah|hyena|IsA|has horns
tongue|throat|HasProperty|used affected during make up
gorilla|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
turtle|alligator|IsA|amphibian
stove|fridge|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
mother|actress|HasProperty|male
cupboard|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
screwdriver|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
knees|ankle|HasProperty|lower body
turtle|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
screwdriver|razor|CapableOf|writing
beaver|groundhog|AtLocation|carnivorous
elephant|camel|AtLocation|pet store
squirrel|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
tower|bar|PartOf|body
raccoon|otter|IsA|otter
trout|catfish|IsA|mollusk
pliers|knife|CapableOf|print
radio|rock|MadeOf|maybe
house|gate|HasA|own altar
sink|freezer|UsedFor|heating items up
bowl|saucer|UsedFor|transportation
raspberry|orange|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
crocodile|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
bungalow|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
grapefruit|lemon|IsA|fruit
owl|starling|CapableOf|be a household pet
house|inn|IsA|component of a home
porcupine|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
bean|steak|HasA|vegetable(s)
paintbrush|comb|PartOf|drawing
elbow|arm|AtLocation|on your head
lantern|candle|HasProperty|something to be worn
trousers|shoes|AtLocation|on lower body
leg|finger|IsA|body part
lips|mouth|IsA|pink face feature
room|tower|PartOf|human body
grapefruit|plum|IsA|fruit
mother|aunt|CapableOf|become pregnant 
skateboard|buggy|AtLocation|in there
orange|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
jacket|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
zebra|crocodile|HasA|stripes
pony|horse|HasA|hooves
skunk|rabbit|MadeOf|green
actress|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
spade|broom|HasProperty|alive
girl|aunt|HasProperty|exclusively female
grenade|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
prune|banana|PartOf|group or bunch 
tank|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bed|cupboard|CapableOf|be plumbed in
lemon|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
barrel|plate|UsedFor|shooting
beetle|moth|IsA|plant
milk|sugar|UsedFor|desserts
ankle|leg|AtLocation|bottom half of body
gown|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
hawk|duck|HasA|long beak
cat|tiger|HasA| mane (hair on it)
saucer|bowl|UsedFor|transportation in water
bridge|gate|UsedFor|sleeping in
rope|tap|IsA|mostly black in colour
otter|mink|CapableOf|climb on tree
pear|avocado|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
barrel|wheel|CapableOf|destroy a building
fridge|oven|CapableOf|be plugged in
canoe|tractor|UsedFor|eating
horse|zebra|AtLocation|in africa
worm|snail|IsA|plant
worker|woman|HasProperty|a picture of a female
shoulder|forearm|HasA|more than one joint
cottage|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
rocker|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
moth|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly
knife|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
pen|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
brow|tongue|IsA|part of the body
curtains|door|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
rifle|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
fridge|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
jeep|tank|MadeOf|metal
ankle|toe|IsA|organ
ankle|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
potato|tomato|IsA|food
raspberry|orange|HasProperty|yellow
candle|necklace|MadeOf|glass
wheel|buggy|UsedFor|eating
fingers|elbow|PartOf|lower body
lips|nose|PartOf|makeup regimen
bison|cat|UsedFor|human transport
cherry|cucumber|IsA|fruit
trout|squid|HasA|shell
mother|actress|IsA|sibling
rock|radio|UsedFor|keeping things cool
necklace|lantern|UsedFor|lighting
finger|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
bone|arm|HasA|bones
cherry|plum|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
rabbit|dog|IsA|something a farmer would own
wife|girl|IsA|family member
chisel|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
scooter|bike|HasA|seat
princess|aunt|IsA|female
forearm|fingers|AtLocation|in your upper body
horse|cart|CapableOf|fly
rope|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
fingers|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
lamp|mirror|CapableOf|move
pigeon|eagle|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
caterpillar|beetle|IsA|plant
eagle|falcon|HasA|long beak
rifle|gun|CapableOf|used in war
tray|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
falcon|vulture|HasA|wings
door|cupboard|UsedFor|sleep
barrel|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
jet|saucer|CapableOf|fly
mirror|candle|CapableOf|be worn
jeans|coat|HasA|wheel
butterfly|ant|MadeOf|small animals
brush|crayon|CapableOf|print
freezer|fridge|PartOf|kitchen appliance
caterpillar|beetle|HasA|walking
eagle|vulture|HasA|wings
clarinet|saxophone|HasA|start with a t
trumpet|clarinet|HasA|tube
buggy|truck|CapableOf|carry multiple people
boots|shoes|HasA|sleeves
flea|cat|PartOf|water
car|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
rocker|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
comb|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
beaver|rabbit|CapableOf|be held 
mother|aunt|IsA|family member
chandelier|lamp|UsedFor|lighting
ant|worm|MadeOf|small animals
room|window|HasProperty|enclosed
girl|daughter|HasProperty|female
flea|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
worm|butterfly|HasA|walking
corn|avocado|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
sofa|cupboard|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
banana|pear|IsA|red  or orang
plum|cherry|HasA|stone inside
pipe|gun|CapableOf|be used in home
kidney|bone|AtLocation|on the inside
coyote|mink|HasA|hooves
scissors|pliers|CapableOf|writing
bed|sofa|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
kettle|spoon|CapableOf|hold water
coat|shirt|HasProperty|worn by a woman
goat|frog|IsA|something a farmer would own
finger|elbow|AtLocation|in your upper body
finger|brow|CapableOf| taste
tomato|potato|MadeOf|something edible
mole|deer|IsA|mammal
orange|tomato|IsA|fruit
father|cousin|HasProperty|female
skunk|coyote|IsA|mammal
camel|elephant|HasA|horn
crocodile|elephant|HasA|a shell
pants|dress|CapableOf|be worn
raccoon|otter|HasA|long ears
trumpet|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
radio|rock|IsA|digital device
typewriter|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
knife|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
horse|pony|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
cheese|garlic|UsedFor|testy
carpet|sofa|CapableOf|contain items
bed|sofa|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
knee|ankle|PartOf|upper body
worker|woman|IsA|noun
coconut|cherry|HasA|skin you eat
father|wife|IsA|family member
buzzard|kite|HasA|large wing span
ant|spider|IsA|colorful 
tractor|buggy|MadeOf|metal
tiger|buffalo|IsA|type of cat
truck|jeep|CapableOf|hold more than one person
aunt|woman|HasProperty|exclusively female
avocado|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
tape|fan|CapableOf|provide water
caterpillar|worm|IsA|crustecean
alligator|turtle|CapableOf|be found in the water
screws|rope|CapableOf|hold water
beer|whisky|IsA|alcohol
arm|neck|PartOf|room
father|aunt|IsA|car
rattlesnake|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
lantern|lamp|MadeOf|/contain glass
tray|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
strawberry|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
bone|liver|HasProperty|liquid
bed|spade|IsA|tree
lamp|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
rocket|cannon|UsedFor|work
aunt|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
brush|knife|IsA|construction tool
plum|prune|HasProperty|purple
car|truck|CapableOf|carry multiple people
pliers|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
paintbrush|pen|HasA|graphite center
supper|steak|MadeOf|meat
cat|beetle|IsA|plant
scissors|knife|CapableOf|be used for drawing
skateboard|wheel|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
onions|beans|HasProperty|green (most part)
rock|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
coyote|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
harpsichord|guitar|MadeOf|strings
bolts|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
elephant|ox|HasA|antlers
rocket|rope|CapableOf|transport liquids
pear|orange|HasProperty|yellow
hose|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
lantern|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
raccoon|groundhog|CapableOf|be held 
mother|doctor|IsA|male
plum|avocado|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
stick|comb|CapableOf|writing
raccoon|mink|IsA|animal with long ears
cannon|pistol|CapableOf|be launched/fired
tank|gun|UsedFor|work
dog|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
eggplant|broccoli|HasA|any green on it 
violin|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
hyena|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
blouse|dress|AtLocation|on neck
rock|tape|HasA|a type of metal
cannon|gun|IsA|vessel
camel|bison|HasA|antler
building|cabin|IsA|religious place
cousin|wife|IsA|female
wheelbarrow|jacket|IsA|worn on the lower body
frog|cow|AtLocation|pet store
tape|fan|MadeOf|paper
cherry|plum|HasProperty|sweet
blender|ladle|CapableOf|be held in your hand
microwave|fridge|PartOf|kitchen appliance
girlfriend|wife|HasProperty|male
grapefruit|pear|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
father|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
bathroom|floor|CapableOf|let in air
rocket|grenade|HasA|finger trigger
otter|squirrel|AtLocation|water usually
man|worker|IsA|female (strictly)
beetle|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
barn|church|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
jet|ship|CapableOf|fly
spatula|stick|UsedFor|drawing or painting
rabbit|hare|HasA|hair/fur
alligator|crocodile|HasA| 4 limbs
oven|fridge|IsA|electrical appliance
actress|cousin|PartOf|close blood relative
tuna|catfish|HasA|legs/tentacles 
boy|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
potato|chicken|AtLocation|in water
actress|girlfriend|IsA|family member
octopus|squid|IsA|water animal
shoes|pants|PartOf|pair
kettle|bucket|HasA|handle
squirrel|beaver|CapableOf|hunt other animals
clarinet|accordion|HasA|keys
cat|frog|HasProperty|four-legged
drill|spatula|HasA|sharp edge
nurse|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
drill|scissors|UsedFor|writing
pipe|wheel|MadeOf|wood
dishwasher|oven|IsA|electrical appliance
stick|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
tiger|crocodile|IsA|type of cat
buffalo|deer|HasA|horn
bolts|drill|CapableOf|hold water
gun|cannon|UsedFor|shooting
bike|wheel|UsedFor|snow
camel|elephant|HasA|antler
skunk|rabbit|HasA|horn
harpsichord|piano|HasA|keys
wheel|hose|UsedFor|entertainment
fan|magazine|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
wheel|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
room|floor|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
candle|mirror|AtLocation|on neck
father|son|IsA|direct relation
screws|wheel|CapableOf|transport liquids
knife|chisel|MadeOf|leather
skirt|pants|AtLocation|on neck
paintbrush|brush|UsedFor|writing
worm|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
hut|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
ankle|hair|AtLocation|below the knee
coat|skirt|IsA|home appliance
son|father|IsA|parentage relation
boy|actress|IsA|noun
porcupine|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
skateboard|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
zebra|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
clock|lamp|IsA|home appliance
flute|clarinet|IsA|instrument
prune|cherry|PartOf|a red the color of
liquor|sauce|IsA|liquid
faucet|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
clamp|bolts|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
hose|mixer|HasA|string or line
avocado|garlic|UsedFor|meat replacement
caterpillar|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
onions|cherry|HasA|seeds
starling|dove|HasA|large wingspan
cranberry|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
lantern|candle|CapableOf|use a lightbulb
flute|trombone|CapableOf|be blown into
cougar|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
floor|tower|CapableOf|be used home
pliers|knife|UsedFor|grooming
cigarette|candle|MadeOf|metal
elk|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cannon|shotgun|HasA|caterpillar treads
actress|boy|IsA|family member
stick|spatula|PartOf|drawing
typewriter|paintbrush|HasA|graphite center
wheel|screws|UsedFor|harm
screwdriver|brush|CapableOf|print
coat|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
trout|tuna|IsA|mollusk
wife|mother|IsA|sibling
rattlesnake|frog|IsA|plant
goat|rabbit|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
nurse|actress|HasProperty|steel
boat|buggy|HasA|an engine
moth|snail|IsA|insect
bagpipe|piano|HasA|reed to make it work
hare|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
guitar|flute|HasA|strings
wheel|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
worm|beetle|HasA|walking
bike|skis|UsedFor|eating
giraffe|zebra|IsA|herbivore
window|deck|PartOf|building
clock|tray|CapableOf|be worn
bed|sofa|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
squid|zebra|HasA|legs
saxophone|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
dress|coat|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
olive|cherry|PartOf|eating
bison|tiger|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
dishwasher|spoon|CapableOf|make things cold
crayon|pencil|CapableOf|be used for hair
typewriter|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
floor|bathroom|PartOf|body
skunk|squirrel|IsA|sad
pony|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
tent|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
camel|zebra|AtLocation|in water
duck|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
cousin|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
beaver|raccoon|IsA|predator
apartment|cabin|IsA|relatively small
tiger|leopard|IsA|herbivore
thermometer|clock|IsA|item of clothing
cockroach|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
pepper|garlic|HasProperty|green
cousin|son|IsA|male
elbow|leg|AtLocation|below the waist
pants|boots|IsA|piece of clothing
typewriter|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
blouse|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
clamp|wheel|IsA|related to music 
elephant|horse|HasA|4 legs
shoes|socks|AtLocation|on lower body
trombone|piano|PartOf|strings
plate|wheel|UsedFor|harm
toe|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
clamp|wheel|HasA|a type of metal
rabbit|bison|UsedFor|human transport
tractor|tank|HasProperty|consuming fuel
mixer|rope|UsedFor|dispensing water
jeans|bag|HasA|sleeves
ship|boat|AtLocation|in the air
princess|wife|HasProperty|female
yacht|skis|HasA|wheels
bison|elk|UsedFor|travel
tin|glass|CapableOf|hold water
mole|porcupine|HasA|horn
cottage|building|IsA|place to live permanently
grenade|barrel|IsA|vessel
caterpillar|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
grapefruit|prune|PartOf|a red the color of
wife|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
camel|dog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
clamp|faucet|IsA|related to music 
princess|actress|UsedFor|transportation
socks|gown|PartOf|lower waistline
mother|worker|IsA|occupation
curtains|carpet|CapableOf|open/close
cousin|woman|IsA|male
rock|oven|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
daughter|aunt|HasProperty|exclusively female
strawberry|prune|IsA|fruit
skirt|cloak|HasProperty|something that can be worn
buffalo|camel|IsA|type of big cat
mackerel|cod|IsA|fish
leg|toe|HasProperty|upper body
flea|ant|MadeOf|small animals
giraffe|elephant|AtLocation|in africa
building|inn|HasProperty|made of concrete
toaster|cupboard|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
cod|mackerel|HasA|legs
cow|camel|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
banana|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
coat|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
car|tank|AtLocation|in there
fingers|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
bar|ceiling|IsA|part of a building
vulture|eagle|IsA|alive 
turtle|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
tank|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
flea|cat|CapableOf|flying
princess|daughter|IsA|male
mother|actress|IsA|head
elephant|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
salmon|cod|AtLocation|in sea
fawn|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
grapefruit|pear|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
butterfly|spider|CapableOf|fly
sink|dishwasher|CapableOf|be held in your hand
pony|rabbit|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
frog|squirrel|IsA|bug
doctor|mother|UsedFor|transportation
cherry|avocado|HasA|stone 
harmonica|clarinet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
tape|bolts|AtLocation|kitchen
actress|mother|HasA|child
thigh|knees|AtLocation|upper body
elbow|arm|AtLocation|below the waist
orange|tomato|HasA|seeds
typewriter|brush|PartOf|what is your name this
coconut|pear|IsA|fruit
typewriter|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
oak|bedroom|UsedFor|human living
actress|girl|IsA|head
squirrel|raccoon|IsA|predator
wheel|canoe|UsedFor|eating
ant|cockroach|IsA|insect
elk|fawn|IsA|mammal
pelican|falcon|IsA|dangerous bird
dress|bag|HasA|sleeves
tuba|trumpet|HasA|reed to make it work
elephant|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
garlic|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
necklace|scarf|CapableOf|move
daughter|nurse|IsA|female
bathroom|window|CapableOf|be opened/closed
wrist|elbow|UsedFor|holding an apple
worker|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
shoulder|foot|IsA|plural
room|walls|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
buzzard|duck|HasA|large wing span
caterpillar|worm|IsA|bug
screwdriver|drill|UsedFor|hair
raccoon|groundhog|PartOf|herd
saxophone|cello|MadeOf|strings
gun|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
brush|pen|HasProperty|cutting
girlfriend|mother|CapableOf|become pregnant 
spatula|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
leg|knees|HasProperty|below the waist 
tongue|finger|IsA|part of the body
banjo|trumpet|HasA|keys
moth|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
stick|scissors|MadeOf|writing
microwave|radio|CapableOf|be use for transportation
rabbit|pony|IsA|something a farmer would own
garlic|orange|HasProperty|green
house|cottage|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
beer|butter|IsA|alcohol
zebra|camel|IsA|type of big cat
tape|magazine|IsA|digital device
wife|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
milk|sauce|UsedFor|desserts
fawn|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
princess|mother|HasProperty|female
zebra|giraffe|IsA|has horns
tractor|buggy|AtLocation|in there
cannon|gun|UsedFor|shooting
bowl|jet|CapableOf|fly
roof|walls|PartOf|human body
banana|prune|HasProperty|sweet
jeep|car|UsedFor|traveling over rough terrain
building|cottage|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
cigarette|tray|UsedFor|lighting
hose|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
wheel|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
eagle|buzzard|HasProperty|a predator
lips|mouth|CapableOf| taste
window|deck|PartOf|house
caribou|elephant|IsA|predator 
sheep|goat|IsA|something a farmer would own
tuba|accordion|HasA|strings
arm|hand|AtLocation|below waist
clamp|wheel|CapableOf|make sound
neck|shoulder|IsA|joint
coconut|lemon|CapableOf|spices
spider|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
forearm|finger|MadeOf|upper body parts
lamp|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
alligator|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cousin|mother|CapableOf|be a lady
daughter|mother|HasA|blood relationship with you
bungalow|gate|IsA|permanent structure
salad|sandwich|MadeOf|meat
pony|donkey|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
skirt|gown|PartOf|lower waistline
coat|gown|HasA|two seperate pant legs
chandelier|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
elbow|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
oak|barn|IsA|red home
wife|girl|IsA|male
cow|goat|IsA|something a farmer would own
camel|horse|CapableOf|be domesticated
prune|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
elk|camel|IsA|predator 
hawk|kite|HasProperty|domesticated
ant|snail|AtLocation|nature
knife|pen|IsA|construction tool
drill|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
donkey|cow|AtLocation|jungle
squirrel|rabbit|HasProperty|known for a bushy tail
cigarette|necklace|CapableOf|move
mole|rattlesnake|AtLocation|north america (specifically)
screwdriver|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
goat|lamb|HasA|wings
cranberry|peach|HasA|edible skin
barrel|bolts|CapableOf|be used in home
frog|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
father|uncle|IsA|royalty
knife|scissors|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cousin|father|IsA|title
deer|rabbit|AtLocation|pet store
flea|cat|AtLocation|nature
avocado|corn|IsA|green vegetable 
drill|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
frog|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
flute|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
plate|grenade|IsA|firearm
house|inn|HasA|own altar
boy|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
mink|raccoon|IsA|mammal
cheetah|cougar|IsA|has horns
magazine|microwave|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
caribou|deer|HasA|antlers/tusks
bridge|cathedral|IsA|public building (typically)
hyena|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
moth|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
carpet|wall|UsedFor|storage
bison|deer|UsedFor|human transport
turtle|crocodile|HasA|trunk
banana|pear|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
hut|house|IsA|relatively small
pigeon|duck|PartOf|wild life
cod|salmon|HasA|legs
broom|spade|IsA|tool
father|girlfriend|HasProperty|a picture of a female
donkey|sheep|IsA|carnivore 
cousin|boy|IsA|car
stereo|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
cheetah|hyena|IsA|herbivore
trousers|dress|UsedFor|warming upper body
rabbit|mink|IsA|predator
house|bridge|IsA|religion buildings
rope|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
elbow|bone|HasA|bones
milk|beer|IsA|liquid
grapefruit|banana|HasA|stone inside
cello|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
pencil|screwdriver|MadeOf|only metal
potatoes|sauce|AtLocation|in the ground
shoulder|finger|PartOf|lower body
typewriter|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
nail|hair|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
buffalo|giraffe|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
faucet|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
dishwasher|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
plug|hose|MadeOf|metal/steel
man|worker|IsA|professional
tray|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
cherry|garlic|CapableOf|delicious
mixer|fan|CapableOf|be turned on
zebra|giraffe|HasA|hump
rock|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
plum|prune|IsA|word beginning with p
rabbit|raccoon|CapableOf|running fast
cherry|cranberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
man|actress|HasA|color
saucer|tray|HasA|handle
eel|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
foot|hair|PartOf|the images displayed
magazine|oven|MadeOf|maybe
drill|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
flea|moth|IsA|insect
tiger|cougar|IsA|type of big cat
room|deck|IsA|part of a building
tractor|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
wall|sofa|UsedFor|sleep
window|ceiling|HasProperty|inside wall
door|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
pencil|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
pencil|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
aunt|actress|AtLocation|in a castle
lemon|pineapple|HasA|usually inedible skin
inn|building|AtLocation|at your home
tomato|lamb|MadeOf|something edible
donkey|elephant|IsA|teeth
scissors|pencil|PartOf|what is your name this
daughter|wife|IsA|sibling
garlic|banana|HasA|stone 
cathedral|bridge|IsA|public building (typically)
gun|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
tuna|cod|AtLocation|at sea
pen|stick|CapableOf|be used for hair
caribou|gorilla|IsA|herbivore
mirror|clock|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
pants|skirt|MadeOf|threads
lemon|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
orange|olive|IsA|fruit
raccoon|mole|HasA|big ears
room|window|AtLocation|at ground level
girlfriend|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
prune|pear|PartOf|group or bunch 
daughter|mother|HasProperty|male
razor|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cat|turtle|AtLocation|nature
fawn|elk|PartOf|herd
skunk|mole|MadeOf|green
sheep|frog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
fan|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
tower|roof|HasProperty|typically vertical
rock|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
rope|bolts|CapableOf|use electricity
pants|dress|UsedFor|feet
soup|bean|UsedFor|dinner
lobster|octopus|IsA|black and white
ankle|elbow|CapableOf|carrying objects
octopus|trout|HasA|shell
cow|dog|UsedFor|riding
cherry|prune|AtLocation|be found on a bush
fan|hose|IsA|related to music 
strawberry|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
scissors|razor|HasProperty|cutting
daughter|wife|HasProperty|royalty
knees|ankle|IsA|joint
pen|pliers|PartOf|drawing
wrist|forearm|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
elbow|blood|IsA|limb
church|house|HasA| place for worship
plate|pipe|CapableOf|use electricity
caribou|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
drill|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
sparrow|owl|CapableOf|be a household pet
eel|cod|HasA|legs/tentacles 
lamb|chicken|IsA|food
bolts|tape|UsedFor|a vehicle
stick|spatula|MadeOf|writing
rifle|bolts|IsA|vessel
sofa|curtains|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
pear|avocado|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
kettle|door|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
magazine|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
screwdriver|pencil|MadeOf|writing
sheep|goat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
crayon|screwdriver|PartOf|what is your name this
dishwasher|oven|CapableOf|be plugged in
drill|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
olive|coconut|HasA|seeds
porcupine|skunk|HasA|hooves
floor|ceiling|HasProperty|vertical
trombone|violin|UsedFor|sound
mink|squirrel|HasA|long ears
garlic|orange|HasProperty|yellow
rattlesnake|porcupine|HasA|long ear
alligator|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
caterpillar|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
plate|screws|CapableOf|destroy a building
beetle|butterfly|IsA|insect
muscle|skin|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
tower|bathroom|PartOf|body
girl|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
brush|crayon|MadeOf|writing
squirrel|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
flea|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
onions|tomato|MadeOf|something edible
cheetah|giraffe|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
garlic|onions|UsedFor|cleaning
tray|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
dove|duck|HasProperty|a predator
chisel|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
bag|jeans|UsedFor|transporting things
fridge|microwave|MadeOf|maybe
coyote|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
aunt|sister|AtLocation|in a castle
walls|ceiling|UsedFor|decoration
man|mother|HasA|friends on it
lobster|crab|IsA|fish
woodpecker|kite|HasProperty|a predator
clamp|plug|MadeOf|paper
stick|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
scissors|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
house|barn|IsA|religious place
muscle|nail|HasA|bones
butter|bean|IsA|meat
razor|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
scarf|necklace|UsedFor|lighting
mackerel|catfish|HasA|red shell when cooked
mirror|candle|MadeOf|metal
kite|falcon|CapableOf|fly
toe|ankle|AtLocation|on lower body
sink|colander|UsedFor|stirring
mink|porcupine|IsA|mammal
truck|wheel|MadeOf|metal
skunk|beaver|CapableOf|attack human
rope|rock|CapableOf|provide water
ankle|liver|AtLocation|on head
jeans|boots|PartOf|lower waistline
crocodile|camel|HasA|fur
tank|jeep|UsedFor|delivering parcels
uncle|father|HasProperty|an older relative
cranberry|prune|HasA|stone 
scarf|cigarette|UsedFor|a light source
flea|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
pear|garlic|IsA|physical fruit or veg
prune|raspberry|HasA|stone 
barrel|plate|CapableOf|hold water
rabbit|porcupine|CapableOf|hunt other animals
corn|beans|HasA|any green on it 
garlic|cheese|PartOf|eating
door|wall|CapableOf|be sat on
doctor|cousin|IsA|car
oven|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
chisel|screwdriver|IsA|construction tool
dove|owl|HasA|large wing span
sack|shirt|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
rope|rock|UsedFor|reading
otter|raccoon|AtLocation|water usually
banana|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
man|girl|UsedFor|food
jet|airplane|AtLocation|on water
deer|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
turtle|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
lamp|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
cherry|prune|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
pen|scissors|PartOf|what is your name this
skirt|scarf|IsA|item of clothing
vulture|eagle|UsedFor|a national symbol
leg|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
chandelier|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
wheel|screws|HasProperty|part of a car
screws|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
harpsichord|harp|IsA|wind instrument
toilet|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
actress|mother|HasA|an adult on it
fingers|hand|PartOf|human body
kettle|closet|UsedFor|making food
walls|roof|PartOf|human body
octopus|squid|AtLocation|at sea
sheep|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
porcupine|coyote|HasA|horn
pliers|stick|UsedFor|writing
chisel|spatula|UsedFor|crafts
caterpillar|flea|IsA|bug
beetle|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
elbow|ankle|IsA|part of the skeleton
raccoon|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
cabin|bed|IsA|religious place
snail|worm|PartOf|water
comb|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
woman|actress|HasProperty|steel
beetle|cat|IsA|colorful 
aunt|cousin|IsA|profession
crocodile|alligator|HasA| 4 limbs
blender|kettle|IsA|electrical appliance
blender|dishwasher|IsA|electric powered item
horse|crocodile|IsA|an animal
saxophone|accordion|HasA|strings
arm|fingers|HasProperty|mostly of cylindrical shape
kidney|liver|AtLocation|in the torso
raccoon|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
knee|ankle|IsA|plural
frog|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
pants|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
cheetah|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
pistol|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
peach|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
tray|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
cranberry|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
lamp|lantern|HasProperty|makes light
arm|blood|IsA|organ
eye|arm|IsA|limb
man|boy|HasProperty|male
salad|sugar|IsA|diary food
neck|fingers|PartOf|the upper body
cigarette|necklace|MadeOf|/contain glass
hyena|cougar|IsA|like a cat
worker|mother|IsA|female
cod|catfish|IsA|mollusk
inn|barn|IsA|religious place
bison|zebra|IsA|predator 
bike|car|UsedFor|single person transport
cougar|caribou|MadeOf|a living thing
pony|deer|HasA|hooves
rattlesnake|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
skirt|dress|UsedFor|transporting things
onions|potato|IsA|animal
room|ceiling|HasProperty|indoor
raccoon|hare|IsA|otter
plug|hose|IsA|digital device
screws|rope|CapableOf|transport liquids
prune|banana|UsedFor|smoothies
horse|camel|HasA|trunk
bolts|plug|CapableOf|be turned on
colander|kettle|CapableOf|scoop things
hawk|pelican|HasProperty|domesticated
flea|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
rabbit|cat|IsA|carnivore
deck|floor|PartOf|body
hose|tank|IsA|firearm
groundhog|raccoon|AtLocation|carnivorous
plum|banana|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
guitar|piano|HasA|strings
spatula|drill|MadeOf|leather
foot|knees|PartOf|upper body
girlfriend|daughter|HasProperty|female
raspberry|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
rock|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
avocado|celery|IsA|green vegetable
pencil|typewriter|HasA|bushy tail
avocado|coconut|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
nail|hair|PartOf|the images displayed
groundhog|hare|IsA|mammal
tank|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
kettle|fridge|HasA|electrical parts
mixer|tap|HasA|a type of metal
prince|brother|IsA|male
inn|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
arm|bone|IsA|on the lower half 
bolts|faucet|UsedFor|entertainment
frog|worm|HasA|walking
goat|deer|IsA|carnivore 
cockroach|moth|HasProperty|an insect
bathroom|tower|CapableOf|let in air
frog|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
mole|skunk|HasA|hooves
roof|bar|PartOf|building
violin|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
colander|spoon|IsA|appliance
moth|snail|IsA|colorful 
wheel|yacht|HasA|wheels
mole|raccoon|HasA|big ears
drill|plate|UsedFor|harm
hare|coyote|HasA|horn
actress|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
truck|skis|UsedFor|land suitable one
mink|squirrel|IsA|mammal
tuba|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
tank|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
avocado|prune|HasA|single hard pit
knees|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
wheel|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
lemon|orange|PartOf|eating
hyena|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
gun|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
curtains|carpet|PartOf|the entrance to a room
zebra|crocodile|IsA|has horns
otter|raccoon|HasProperty|4 letters long
elephant|caribou|HasA|antlers/tusks
king|brother|IsA|family
butter|salad|IsA|colour red
skateboard|skis|HasA|an engine
rock|magazine|IsA|electric 
princess|actress|AtLocation|in a castle
ox|bison|IsA|specific type of deer
floor|ceiling|CapableOf|be used home
hare|rabbit|AtLocation|carnivorous
piano|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
radio|plug|CapableOf|provide water
magazine|tap|IsA|related to music 
ant|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
toilet|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
buggy|truck|UsedFor|eating
door|curtains|UsedFor|storage
skunk|raccoon|HasA|horn
brother|king|IsA|direct relation with you
trumpet|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
skunk|rabbit|AtLocation|water usually
mouse|elephant|PartOf|jumping
duck|kite|PartOf|wild life
hose|rope|CapableOf|make sound
finger|elbow|AtLocation|upper body
skunk|mink|HasA|long ears
gown|dress|UsedFor|transporting things
bacon|supper|HasA|meat
finger|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
bone|neck|AtLocation|below your waist
truck|bike|AtLocation|in there
tray|necklace|CapableOf|generate light
squirrel|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
cat|spider|IsA|plant
dog|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
nurse|princess|IsA|family member
typewriter|pencil|CapableOf|be used for hair
worker|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
ankle|arm|AtLocation|on head
beetle|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
prune|raspberry|HasA|edible skin
hare|mink|AtLocation|on tree
bolts|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
spade|spear|HasProperty|alive
rocker|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
comb|stick|UsedFor|typing on paper
daughter|wife|IsA|direct or immediate relation
deer|squirrel|HasA|hair/fur
knife|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
tank|pipe|IsA|firearm
canoe|sailboat|HasA|wheels
screws|plate|UsedFor|daily usage 
caterpillar|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
wheelbarrow|socks|HasA|sleeves
brush|pen|CapableOf|to paint
cranberry|pear|HasA|single hard pit
scissors|stick|HasProperty|cutting
drill|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
snail|rattlesnake|PartOf|water
saxophone|clarinet|MadeOf|metal
peach|prune|HasA|single hard pit
raspberry|strawberry|IsA|berry
zebra|squid|IsA|fish
rifle|grenade|IsA|weapon
faucet|tap|IsA|digital device
mink|skunk|IsA|otter
door|bedroom|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
squirrel|mole|HasA|long ears
kettle|blender|CapableOf|be plugged in
harp|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
scarf|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
rocker|oven|UsedFor|entertainment
butterfly|moth|MadeOf|small animals
pants|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
otter|mink|IsA|sad
salad|meat|AtLocation|in the ground
shrimp|chicken|IsA|mollusk
pear|coconut|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
accordion|guitar|MadeOf|strings
roof|bathroom|PartOf|house
bacon|sandwich|HasA|meat
leg|arm|PartOf|building
frog|cat|CapableOf|flying
ceiling|walls|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
tomato|chicken|HasProperty|red
elbow|body|AtLocation|on the inside
camel|deer|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
nose|brow|PartOf|face
worker|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
neck|finger|UsedFor|holding an apple
candle|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
porcupine|rattlesnake|AtLocation|carnivorous
paintbrush|pencil|UsedFor|writing/drawing
aunt|boy|IsA|car
duck|vulture|HasA|start with a p
hair|nail|AtLocation|below your waist
pen|crayon|CapableOf|writing
pliers|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
dress|jacket|UsedFor|feet protection
sofa|wall|UsedFor|sleep
hut|apartment|HasA|start with a b
giraffe|tiger|IsA|type of cat
bone|eye|IsA|limb
neck|arm|AtLocation|below waist
frog|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
freezer|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
cousin|brother|IsA|male
knife|crayon|PartOf|drawing
spear|bayonet|IsA|man made thing
chandelier|candle|HasProperty|quite small
comb|pen|CapableOf|print
pliers|scissors|PartOf|drawing
bean|sauce|IsA|diary food
sheep|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
trout|mackerel|IsA|water animal
leg|roof|PartOf|house
crayon|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
tape|clamp|IsA|electric 
neck|finger|PartOf|lower body
toe|foot|AtLocation|below the knee
caribou|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
banjo|guitar|HasA|neck
screws|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
rope|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
walls|floor|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
bridge|church|IsA|public building (typically)
radio|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
pear|avocado|IsA|physical fruit or veg
dress|boots|UsedFor|feet protection
aunt|sister|HasA|green item of clothing
butterfly|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
oven|toaster|UsedFor|heating items up
shoes|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
blouse|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
cow|cat|UsedFor|riding
porcupine|elk|HasProperty|living in water
dress|sack|HasA|sleeves
knife|razor|CapableOf|print
crocodile|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
tractor|wheel|HasA|wheels
rope|wheel|UsedFor|building
elk|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
buzzard|stork|CapableOf|be a household pet
socks|shoes|AtLocation|above the feet
guitar|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
hand|leg|PartOf|house
shrimp|chicken|HasA|legs
camel|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
hose|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
rattlesnake|skunk|AtLocation|carnivorous
blouse|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
prune|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
stick|scissors|IsA|construction tool
snail|squirrel|IsA|insect
razor|brush|MadeOf|writing
harpsichord|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
princess|mother|IsA|profession
buzzard|owl|HasA|large wing span
tiger|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
wheel|pipe|HasProperty|circular
sandwich|potatoes|IsA|liquid
buggy|tractor|HasProperty|consuming fuel
strainer|wheel|UsedFor|storing wine
ceiling|tower|PartOf|another card 
brush|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
typewriter|stick|AtLocation|construction site
spider|butterfly|IsA|plant
barrel|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
hare|skunk|HasA|hooves
car|jeep|HasA|an engine
horse|goat|UsedFor|food products
mole|mink|IsA|mammal
clamp|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
leg|elbow|IsA|organ
blood|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
gun|shotgun|CapableOf|blow things up
plate|wheel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
paper|wood|CapableOf|burn
goat|tiger|IsA|typical pet
pipe|barrel|CapableOf|transport liquids
knees|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
prince|father|AtLocation|royal meeting room
microwave|oven|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
rope|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
raspberry|pear|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
potatoes|sauce|UsedFor|desserts
piano|accordion|HasA|keys
plug|tape|IsA|digital device
actress|worker|IsA|car
ant|snail|IsA|insect
jeep|tank|HasA|wheels
groundhog|mole|HasA|hooves
coconut|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
cousin|father|HasProperty|female
caterpillar|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
strawberry|prune|HasProperty|yellow
plum|cherry|HasA|yellow color
cabin|apartment|MadeOf|one or more rooms
plate|bolts|CapableOf|transport liquids
magazine|radio|UsedFor|entertainment
elephant|camel|HasA|antlers
walls|bathroom|UsedFor|decoration
hand|forearm|PartOf|lower body
father|princess|HasProperty|royalty
bowl|balloon|UsedFor|transportation
rope|rocket|UsedFor|building
prince|uncle|IsA|female
inn|house|IsA|religion buildings
crocodile|camel|HasA|horn or antler
avocado|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
sofa|bedroom|CapableOf|be used to sleep
eggplant|garlic|HasProperty|green (most part)
bolts|plate|UsedFor|daily usage 
microwave|oven|IsA|electrical appliance
chocolate|potatoes|IsA|liquid
coat|gown|UsedFor|covering legs
sailboat|wheel|HasA|wheels
trumpet|trombone|MadeOf|brass
dress|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
camel|giraffe|HasA|hump
rock|faucet|IsA|digital device
skirt|banner|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
trombone|trumpet|HasProperty|single-reed
elk|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
princess|actress|HasA|a blood relation with you
cello|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
gorilla|crocodile|PartOf|the cat family
tape|plug|UsedFor|can your card used home
tape|plug|IsA|related to music 
pistol|rifle|HasProperty|made for violence
snail|flea|IsA|colorful 
jacket|jeans|UsedFor|warming upper body
scooter|bike|IsA|powered vehicle
sister|daughter|IsA|direct or immediate relation
bison|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
cow|cat|IsA|household pet
jacket|shirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
uncle|king|IsA|male
skis|wheel|IsA|powered vehicle
mackerel|cod|AtLocation|at sea
father|son|HasProperty|a family member
sink|spoon|UsedFor|stirring
canoe|raft|HasA|an engine
rabbit|beaver|IsA|predator
wheel|bike|IsA|powered vehicle
fridge|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
crocodile|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
actress|daughter|HasProperty|exclusively female
chapel|hut|HasProperty|a black and white picture
prince|cousin|IsA|man
cart|horse|HasA|horn
salmon|catfish|HasA|fins
hyena|camel|HasA|horn
body|arm|AtLocation|inside
boat|truck|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
prune|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
caterpillar|butterfly|IsA|bug
knee|toe|HasProperty|upper body
orange|tomato|IsA|vegetable
cousin|girlfriend|IsA|male
nurse|girl|UsedFor|food
lantern|candle|AtLocation|on neck
rabbit|mole|UsedFor|swimming
sheep|goat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
sheep|camel|IsA|something a farmer would own
ankle|knees|PartOf|the lower body
uncle|cousin|HasProperty|a family member
shoes|skirt|PartOf|lower waistline
cat|horse|IsA|something a farmer would own
bolts|tap|CapableOf|make sound
stereo|rope|MadeOf|metal
banana|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
knife|drill|PartOf|drawing
crayon|pen|MadeOf|writing
squirrel|spider|HasA|eating
finger|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
sheep|donkey|IsA|teeth
cow|dog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
thermometer|lamp|UsedFor|wearing
groundhog|fawn|IsA|mammal
eye|skin|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
boy|man|IsA|person
man|woman|IsA|noun
sauce|bean|IsA|diary food
caribou|camel|IsA|violent creature
brush|knife|PartOf|drawing
otter|raccoon|MadeOf|green
raccoon|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
cigarette|clock|IsA|item of clothing
knee|knees|AtLocation|below the waist 
thermometer|tray|CapableOf|generate light
frog|worm|CapableOf|flying
whisky|beer|IsA|liquid
salmon|catfish|HasA|red shell when cooked
beans|corn|UsedFor|cleaning
jeans|coat|UsedFor|covering legs
chisel|screwdriver|CapableOf|be used for drawing
microwave|oven|CapableOf|be plugged in
actress|daughter|HasA|child
arm|fingers|HasA|more than one joint
trousers|jacket|UsedFor|feet protection
magazine|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
scarf|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
room|roof|UsedFor|decoration
drill|razor|CapableOf|be used for drawing
hand|neck|HasProperty|upper body
pony|donkey|AtLocation|typically europe
forearm|neck|HasA|more than one joint
plate|drill|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
clamp|faucet|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
buggy|truck|MadeOf|metal
cabin|bungalow|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
raspberry|cherry|HasProperty|sweet
saucer|bowl|UsedFor|food
rocket|rifle|UsedFor|work
skunk|elk|HasProperty|living in water
plum|cherry|PartOf|a red the color of
squirrel|mink|CapableOf|hunt other animals
gun|pistol|CapableOf|be used one-handed
arm|hand|IsA|plural
harp|trumpet|HasA|keys
pipe|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pen|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
harmonica|flute|UsedFor|sound
cathedral|chapel|UsedFor|religious gatherings
wrist|forearm|UsedFor|holding a cup
tap|rope|MadeOf|metal
skis|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
cockroach|wasp|IsA|colorful 
rifle|tank|UsedFor|shooting
tray|pipe|AtLocation|at home
wasp|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
screwdriver|spatula|HasA|sharp edge
saxophone|flute|PartOf|strings
pepper|olive|HasProperty|green
closet|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
saxophone|trumpet|HasA|strings
snail|squirrel|IsA|reptile
roof|fingers|PartOf|house
tape|plug|MadeOf|metal/steel
worm|butterfly|HasA|no legs
raspberry|prune|IsA|long fruit
turtle|ant|IsA|colorful 
oven|dishwasher|IsA|electrical appliance
typewriter|drill|CapableOf|print
fingers|hand|PartOf|body
squirrel|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
hose|rope|MadeOf|paper
scissors|stick|CapableOf|to paint
eel|catfish|HasA|legs
crocodile|giraffe|HasA|tail
goat|cat|HasProperty|fluffy
woman|boy|IsA|occupation
spider|butterfly|HasA|walking
shrimp|catfish|AtLocation|at sea
blood|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
crayon|paintbrush|CapableOf|writing
stereo|tape|CapableOf|provide water
balloon|jet|IsA| mode of transportation 
caterpillar|cockroach|IsA|plant
yacht|buggy|UsedFor|delivering parcels
chapel|cathedral|UsedFor|religious gatherings
zebra|lobster|IsA|fish
neck|brow|CapableOf| taste
dress|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
barn|cabin|IsA|red home
giraffe|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
drill|pliers|AtLocation|construction site
tuna|cod|HasA|shell
shield|jacket|HasProperty|something that is worn
raspberry|cherry|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
pencil|comb|IsA|construction tool
microwave|rocker|UsedFor|keeping things cool
floor|bathroom|PartOf|a house
squirrel|spider|HasA|walking
room|bathroom|PartOf|building
forearm|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
rock|magazine|IsA|digital device
deer|alligator|AtLocation|carnivorous
rock|rocker|MadeOf|steel
beaver|mole|IsA|mammal
cat|frog|HasProperty|carnivorous
razor|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
wheel|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
guitar|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
wasp|moth|MadeOf|small animals
flute|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
cod|tuna|HasA|red shell when cooked
barn|inn|IsA|component of a home
wheel|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
alligator|turtle|AtLocation|in a river 
saxophone|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
kite|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
screws|rifle|UsedFor|shooting
hawk|falcon|HasA|long beak
nurse|girl|CapableOf|bear a child
pony|sheep|IsA|something a farmer would own
bedroom|building|IsA|permanent structure
mixer|stereo|IsA|electronic device
leg|foot|IsA|joint
dog|rabbit|HasA|horn on head
bed|wall|UsedFor|sleep
jeep|skateboard|HasA|wheels
piano|tuba|HasA|keys
kite|buzzard|CapableOf|be a household pet
pants|dress|IsA|accessory
mother|daughter|HasA|multiple people pictured
girlfriend|wife|IsA|female
hand|arm|HasProperty|something humans have two of
banana|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
salad|bean|HasA|meat
porcupine|skunk|HasA|long ear
paintbrush|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for hair
boots|skirt|AtLocation|upper part of body
moth|butterfly|CapableOf|fly
pen|drill|UsedFor|grooming
comb|pliers|CapableOf|be used for drawing
cello|piano|UsedFor|sound
bolts|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
barrel|wheel|UsedFor|harm
cat|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
necklace|mirror|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
squirrel|skunk|HasA|long ear
neck|leg|PartOf|room
actress|girl|UsedFor|food
asparagus|catfish|HasA|legs
coat|wheelbarrow|HasA|wheel
deer|cow|HasA| mane (hair on it)
bathroom|floor|UsedFor|working with computer
rock|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
paintbrush|typewriter|IsA|cuting
pony|horse|IsA|carnivore 
body|leg|AtLocation|inside
daughter|cousin|IsA|sibling
apartment|cabin|MadeOf|one or more rooms
socks|boots|HasA|sleeves
saxophone|trumpet|MadeOf|metal
otter|skunk|IsA|mink
king|son|IsA|man
hose|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
lobster|chicken|IsA|black and white
garlic|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
cat|rabbit|CapableOf|be domesticated
tape|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
lobster|crab|AtLocation|on a farm
cottage|cabin|IsA|relatively small
cat|dog|HasProperty|fluffy
ant|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
drill|rope|CapableOf|used in war
ceiling|deck|PartOf|building
hose|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
sandwich|salad|HasProperty|a single item
sack|jeans|HasA|sleeves
jeep|tank|HasProperty|consuming fuel
pencil|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
razor|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
raccoon|beaver|IsA|rodent
inn|church|IsA|permanent structure
dress|skirt|UsedFor|feet
squirrel|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
camel|caribou|IsA|herbivore
snail|butterfly|IsA|insect
actress|doctor|IsA|occupation
onions|beans|IsA|green vegetable 
walls|floor|PartOf|house
throat|neck|PartOf|makeup regimen
pen|comb|CapableOf|print
fingers|neck|HasA|less than three joints
olive|cherry|CapableOf|delicious
snail|butterfly|CapableOf|fly
frog|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
sink|fridge|IsA|automatic (works itself)
stove|blender|UsedFor|making food
wife|cousin|IsA|profession
necklace|scarf|AtLocation|neck
lantern|lamp|AtLocation|on neck
rope|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
rock|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
spatula|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
camel|sheep|IsA|something a farmer would own
pen|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tape|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
toe|arm|PartOf|upper body
dress|pants|MadeOf|threads
ankle|leg|PartOf|an appendage
plate|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
deer|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
porcupine|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
sheep|donkey|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
bowl|helicopter|CapableOf|fly
wrist|neck|HasA|nails
sister|daughter|AtLocation|in a castle
crab|salmon|AtLocation|at sea
sugar|chocolate|IsA|liquid
shirt|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
worker|father|IsA|car
lemon|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
pants|trousers|UsedFor|feet protection
hose|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
kettle|blender|HasProperty|using electricity
wrist|hand|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
radio|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rabbit|frog|HasProperty|four-legged
cherry|tomato|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
cheetah|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
cloak|jacket|HasProperty|something that can be worn
accordion|tuba|HasA|strings
screws|rifle|CapableOf|be used in home
foot|knee|AtLocation|upper body
crocodile|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
bed|carpet|CapableOf|contain items
wife|nurse|IsA|car
bison|elephant|IsA|violent creature
roof|room|PartOf|room
magazine|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
rocker|rock|MadeOf|paper
jacket|pants|AtLocation|foot
pliers|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
liquor|milk|HasProperty|a liquid
trousers|shirt|HasA|wheel
tray|sink|UsedFor|making food
butterfly|cat|IsA|plant
colander|ladle|CapableOf|make things cold
magazine|rocker|IsA|digital device
blender|dishwasher|PartOf|kitchen appliance
tank|barrel|CapableOf|be held in a hand
father|brother|IsA|direct relation with you
buzzard|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
woman|father|IsA|profession
coyote|elk|IsA|herbivore
perch|trout|HasA|shell
beetle|butterfly|HasProperty|an insect
bison|elephant|HasA|big horns/tusk
toe|skin|PartOf|the images displayed
spatula|stick|AtLocation|construction site
hut|apartment|HasProperty|for the rich
screws|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tractor|bike|MadeOf|metal
cockroach|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
boat|yacht|AtLocation|in water
boy|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
squirrel|snail|HasA|walking
tiger|zebra|IsA|predator 
bolts|radio|MadeOf|paper
belt|wheel|HasA|number on it
elephant|hyena|HasA|antler
snail|wasp|IsA|insect
cupboard|tray|CapableOf|be plumbed in
wife|cousin|HasA|a blood relation with you
bolts|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
pencil|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
tiger|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
drill|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
typewriter|screwdriver|MadeOf|only metal
rocker|radio|UsedFor|music related entertainment
rabbit|camel|HasA| mane (hair on it)
otter|rabbit|AtLocation|on  a tree
neck|bathroom|PartOf|house
skin|body|AtLocation|on the inside
forearm|leg|IsA|plural
rabbit|horse|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
radio|rocker|UsedFor|music related entertainment
pen|razor|CapableOf|print
plum|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
skis|wheel|HasProperty|consuming fuel
barrel|hose|CapableOf|be used in home
sister|aunt|HasA|blood relation with you
trumpet|violin|UsedFor|sound
beans|corn|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
gun|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
screws|drill|CapableOf|be launched/fired
jet|saucer|IsA| mode of transportation 
wheel|skateboard|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
wheel|boat|MadeOf|metal
falcon|pigeon|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
princess|girlfriend|HasProperty|a picture of a female
camel|cow|CapableOf|be domesticated
sugar|chocolate|MadeOf|cup
rifle|drill|IsA|vessel
sheep|deer|HasA|horn on head
moth|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
pliers|chisel|CapableOf|print
cabin|hut|HasProperty|part of a plane
drill|wheel|UsedFor|harm
daughter|actress|HasProperty|exclusively female
wasp|frog|HasA|walking
yacht|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
cigarette|tray|IsA|item of clothing
rabbit|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
pencil|pen|CapableOf|make holes 
mole|hare|CapableOf|live in water
pistol|bolts|CapableOf|be used in home
pliers|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
eagle|vulture|IsA|bird of prey
fan|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rope|tape|IsA|electronic device
salad|soup|HasA|vegetables
salmon|catfish|AtLocation|at sea
gun|shotgun|UsedFor|work
tray|plate|CapableOf|destroy a building
finger|thigh|IsA|joint
cranberry|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
flute|bagpipe|HasA|keys
spatula|stick|UsedFor|writing
church|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
neck|thigh|UsedFor|a fight
airplane|jet|UsedFor|transportation
cat|spider|PartOf|jumping
boat|jeep|HasA|an engine
boat|saucer|IsA| mode of transportation 
arm|forearm|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
porcupine|beaver|HasProperty|originated from north america
girl|boy|IsA|person
cousin|girl|PartOf|hospital staff
elephant|iguana|AtLocation|in a river 
trout|perch|IsA|name begging with c
cousin|son|IsA|family member
catfish|cod|HasA|legs
inn|hut|IsA|permanent structure
shoulder|ankle|IsA|joint
coconut|corn|HasA|seeds
porcupine|mink|AtLocation|underground
tomato|coconut|HasProperty|sweet
hare|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
floor|room|PartOf|house
typewriter|pencil|CapableOf|writing
cherry|olive|IsA|fruit
drill|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
chandelier|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
faucet|bolts|AtLocation|kitchen
jacket|trousers|AtLocation|foot
skunk|porcupine|AtLocation|carnivorous
gown|coat|IsA|an accessory
pineapple|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
pants|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
daughter|girlfriend|IsA|profession
fingers|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
avocado|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
worm|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
fan|rope|CapableOf|provide water
scissors|knife|HasA|sharp edge
mole|otter|MadeOf|green
saucer|boat|AtLocation|in the air
gun|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
orange|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
finger|fingers|PartOf|the upper body
socks|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
groundhog|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
avocado|raspberry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
house|apartment|IsA|religious place
screwdriver|pencil|AtLocation|construction site
rifle|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
lemon|cherry|HasProperty|sweet
mink|otter|CapableOf|climb on tree
grapefruit|cherry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
crayon|scissors|IsA|cuting
apartment|oak|IsA|red home
grapefruit|raspberry|IsA|red  or orang
mackerel|salmon|AtLocation|at sea
fingers|hand|HasA|more than one joint
sugar|sauce|UsedFor|dessert
wife|aunt|AtLocation|in a castle
bottle|spoon|MadeOf|ceramic materials
hyena|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
princess|sister|HasProperty|older than you
coyote|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
pipe|wheel|UsedFor|building
roof|ceiling|HasProperty|vertical
cheetah|camel|HasA|horn or antler
bedroom|bed|CapableOf|be opened and closed
flute|clarinet|UsedFor|blowing
toe|ankle|PartOf|the images displayed
moth|ant|IsA|bug
tape|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
cranberry|cherry|HasA|edible skin
raccoon|squirrel|UsedFor|swimming
prune|pear|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
apartment|hut|AtLocation|at your home
fridge|kettle|UsedFor|making food
rocket|rifle|CapableOf|be launched/fired
screws|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
fridge|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
daughter|cousin|PartOf|your family
curtains|sofa|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
neck|fingers|HasProperty|mostly of cylindrical shape
bagpipe|tuba|IsA|wind instrument
bolts|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
sink|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
rocket|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
bagpipe|tuba|HasA|keys
shirt|coat|HasA|wheel
door|oven|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
soup|bean|IsA|diary food
screwdriver|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
jeans|coat|UsedFor|transporting things
asparagus|zebra|IsA|mollusk
wife|daughter|IsA|immediate relation with you
house|bedroom|IsA|place to live permanently
arm|hand|UsedFor|waving
blouse|pants|HasProperty|worn on the neck
hand|wrist|PartOf|lower body
plate|bolts|CapableOf|be used in home
frog|cat|IsA|bug
bedroom|sofa|MadeOf|wood
tank|tractor|AtLocation|in water
gown|dress|UsedFor|by mainly women
barn|hut|IsA|place of worship
snail|flea|IsA|insect
frog|horse|IsA|something a farmer would own
hand|shoulder|AtLocation|in your upper body
scarf|pants|IsA|item of clothing
fingers|bathroom|PartOf|house
giraffe|camel|HasA|horn
bowl|balloon|HasA|wings
pen|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
bedroom|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
squirrel|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
rock|wheel|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
squirrel|cow|CapableOf|jump
sailboat|yacht|HasA|motor
beetle|wasp|HasA|walking
tank|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
rabbit|beaver|HasA|hair/fur
leg|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist
deer|elephant|HasA|antlers/tusks
tongue|mouth|IsA|pink face feature
chicken|rabbit|MadeOf|red
jacket|blouse|IsA|an accessory
piano|tuba|HasA|reed to make it work
crocodile|donkey|IsA|teeth
blood|muscle|AtLocation|on the inside
horse|zebra|IsA|herbivore
wine|beer|IsA|liquid
hose|rope|AtLocation|kitchen
mole|beaver|HasA|hooves
harp|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
eagle|falcon|HasA|large wing span
plug|rope|UsedFor|can your card used home
girlfriend|wife|IsA|profession/title
cat|moth|MadeOf|small animals
faucet|plug|UsedFor|can your card used home
foot|ankle|AtLocation|on lower body
faucet|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
squirrel|crocodile|HasA| 4 limbs
tower|room|AtLocation|at ground level
clamp|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
blouse|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
car|wheel|UsedFor|eating
bungalow|apartment|UsedFor|human living
pony|donkey|IsA|teeth
frog|beetle|PartOf|water
lamp|lantern|MadeOf|glass
squirrel|cat|IsA|colorful 
goat|cow|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
catfish|trout|CapableOf|come in a tin
faucet|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
trout|cod|IsA|fish
peach|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
bedroom|barn|HasA|start with a b
actress|nurse|IsA|head
bagpipe|flute|IsA|wind instrument
inn|tent|HasProperty|a black and white picture
radio|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
caterpillar|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
saxophone|trombone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
father|prince|IsA|female
rattlesnake|beaver|AtLocation|carnivorous
mink|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
avocado|plum|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
shoes|pants|AtLocation|upper part of body
wheel|mixer|MadeOf|paper
floor|roof|IsA|part of a building
comb|scissors|PartOf|drawing
tap|fan|CapableOf|make sound
bar|deck|HasProperty|vertical
ceiling|tower|UsedFor|decoration
crocodile|horse|IsA|an animal
orange|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
chicken|perch|IsA|black and white
clamp|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
garlic|onions|UsedFor|meat replacement
strawberry|raspberry|IsA|berry
salad|potatoes|IsA|liquid
groundhog|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
bean|soup|IsA|meat
mixer|tap|MadeOf|metal
worker|man|IsA|family member
whisky|wine|IsA|alcohol
strainer|tank|PartOf|any of various units of 
helicopter|balloon|AtLocation|in the air
chocolate|potatoes|AtLocation|in the ground
wood|skunk|MadeOf|animals or plants
wheel|raft|AtLocation|in there
elbow|wrist|UsedFor|holding an apple
shoulder|elbow|IsA|specific joint
turtle|snail|CapableOf|flying
cousin|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
screwdriver|knife|MadeOf|writing
prune|cranberry|IsA|berry
cod|mackerel|HasA|red shell when cooked
ceiling|tower|PartOf|human body
wall|bedroom|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
mother|actress|HasProperty|exclusively female
piano|flute|MadeOf|brass
mink|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
stick|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
butterfly|ant|HasA|wings
cousin|man|IsA|male
knife|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
pear|cherry|HasA|edible skin (usually)
chocolate|butter|IsA|colour red
brush|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
crab|asparagus|AtLocation|on a farm
trousers|pants|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
mole|mink|AtLocation|on  a tree
gun|rifle|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
faucet|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
rock|microwave|CapableOf|working
tank|grenade|CapableOf|blow things up
scarf|necklace|MadeOf|glass
wheelbarrow|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
mackerel|salmon|IsA|card facing left
bed|cupboard|UsedFor|lighting
gun|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
neck|shoulder|UsedFor|waving
wrist|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
squirrel|raccoon|AtLocation|carnivorous
sailboat|boat|UsedFor|eating
aunt|girlfriend|IsA|profession
cat|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
hose|faucet|MadeOf|metal
leopard|cheetah|IsA|has horns
razor|chisel|PartOf|drawing
bedroom|barn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
cabin|tent|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
camel|cougar|AtLocation|in hot climates 
aunt|daughter|PartOf|your family
snail|elephant|IsA|amphibian
hand|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
caterpillar|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
arm|body|AtLocation|on head
spatula|knife|IsA|construction tool
rope|drill|IsA|firearm
skunk|otter|HasProperty|4 letters long
squirrel|porcupine|HasA|hooves
bison|ox|CapableOf|carry a adult human
jet|balloon|CapableOf|fly
neck|skin|AtLocation|inside
sofa|door|UsedFor|lighting
princess|worker|IsA|occupation
pencil|paintbrush|CapableOf|make holes 
elephant|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
camel|frog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
garlic|lime|IsA|fruit
squirrel|raccoon|HasProperty|5 letters long
cherry|prune|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
stick|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
shirt|coat|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
crayon|pen|PartOf|what is your name this
hose|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
roof|fingers|PartOf|room
cat|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
apartment|house|IsA|permanent structure
grapefruit|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
stick|pencil|MadeOf|writing
elbow|thigh|PartOf|an appendage
crab|tuna|HasA|red shell when cooked
horse|donkey|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
coconut|prune|IsA|red  or orang
onions|goat|IsA|food
skin|muscle|AtLocation|on head
coyote|groundhog|HasA|long ear
pistol|hose|CapableOf|be used in home
rocker|magazine|UsedFor|a vehicle
walls|room|IsA|body part
camel|crocodile|HasA|long neck
shoes|pants|AtLocation|on lower body
bag|sack|HasA|wheel
orange|cranberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
kettle|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bathroom|walls|IsA|body part
jeep|car|UsedFor|eating
girl|worker|HasA|the color brown in it
skirt|dress|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
rabbit|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
sauce|chocolate|CapableOf|fry
skunk|otter|HasA|big ears
groundhog|raccoon|HasA|long ear
lemon|avocado|IsA|vegetable
pencil|screwdriver|PartOf|what is the name of 
screwdriver|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
rabbit|goat|IsA|fruit or vegetable
fingers|arm|PartOf|room
jacket|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
pencil|pen|CapableOf|be used for hair
tiger|camel|IsA|an animal
skin|hair|AtLocation|on you head
cannon|pistol|HasProperty|made for violence
eel|crab|IsA|mollusk
tuba|trumpet|HasA|strings
crayon|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
plum|peach|HasA|stone 
paintbrush|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
hair|arm|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
screwdriver|pliers|UsedFor|crafts
walls|floor|PartOf|body
shoes|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
cannon|barrel|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
bag|skirt|HasA|sleeves
garlic|onions|HasA|seeds
body|hair|CapableOf|help you walk
onions|coconut|HasProperty|green
bagpipe|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
frog|wasp|HasA|walking
beer|sauce|HasProperty|a liquid
drill|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
car|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
elephant|bison|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
daughter|girlfriend|HasProperty|female
peach|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
lemon|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
olive|coconut|PartOf|eating
cod|chicken|IsA|mollusk
razor|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
cigarette|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
coconut|banana|IsA|fruit
barrel|rocket|IsA|firearm
crab|shrimp|AtLocation|on a farm
finger|hand|MadeOf|upper body parts
forearm|shoulder|UsedFor|holding an apple
flea|wasp|IsA|colorful 
butterfly|cockroach|CapableOf|fly
salad|meat|MadeOf|several ingredients
gown|dress|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
tower|roof|CapableOf|be used home
wheel|stereo|AtLocation|kitchen
hose|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
princess|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
beetle|wasp|CapableOf|sting
bridge|inn|IsA|permanent structure
eagle|seagull|HasA|large wingspan
ceiling|floor|HasA|glass
bar|room|PartOf|body
neck|finger|MadeOf|upper body parts
worm|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
apartment|house|IsA|component of a home
beetle|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
body|eye|AtLocation|below your waist
elbow|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
rope|hose|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
orange|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
eel|mackerel|IsA|one syllable word
elbow|wrist|IsA|specific joint
microwave|toaster|PartOf|kitchen appliance
tape|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
fawn|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
gown|pants|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
hand|arm|PartOf|pair/no more than two
pony|bison|HasProperty|fluffy
girl|cousin|IsA|profession
giraffe|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
rattlesnake|cat|MadeOf|small animals
typewriter|pliers|UsedFor|hair
sauce|salad|AtLocation|in the ground
raccoon|squirrel|HasProperty|known for a bushy tail
salmon|trout|CapableOf|come in a tin
tent|cottage|IsA|relatively small
clamp|bolts|IsA|related to music 
mink|mole|MadeOf|green
skunk|mink|HasA|big ears
gun|cannon|IsA|weapon
arm|hand|IsA|body part
avocado|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
goat|rabbit|MadeOf|red
pants|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
bed|building|IsA|permanent structure
orange|garlic|PartOf|eating
deer|skunk|IsA|mammal
pen|brush|CapableOf|print
pigeon|stork|HasA|large wing span
house|inn|UsedFor|relaxing
paintbrush|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
man|boy|IsA|female
mirror|cigarette|MadeOf|metal
cottage|barn|IsA|permanent structure
tank|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
forearm|finger|PartOf|lower body
grapefruit|banana|IsA|more than one fruit
tuba|saxophone|HasA|keys
knife|scissors|IsA|construction tool
sheep|dog|CapableOf|be domesticated
caterpillar|cockroach|CapableOf|fly
walls|window|PartOf|garage
otter|hare|IsA|otter
camel|gorilla|HasA|antlers/tusks
plug|tap|MadeOf|metal
crayon|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
beer|whisky|UsedFor|drinking
nurse|aunt|IsA|male
ceiling|walls|CapableOf|be opened/closed
chandelier|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
rattlesnake|moth|MadeOf|small animals
broom|spear|IsA|man made thing
porcupine|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
deer|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
tape|faucet|AtLocation|kitchen
plug|tape|UsedFor|entertainment
beetle|spider|HasA|legs, six or more
freezer|blender|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
butter|meat|CapableOf|fry
pencil|pliers|MadeOf|writing
grenade|cannon|IsA|firearm
violin|guitar|HasA|strings
shoes|jeans|PartOf|lower waistline
room|floor|CapableOf|let in air
typewriter|chisel|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
barrel|strainer|HasProperty|circular
hose|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
scissors|razor|CapableOf|print
bacon|bean|HasA|meat
tower|ceiling|IsA|body part
trout|tuna|HasA|fins
stick|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
olive|garlic|UsedFor|testy
giraffe|buffalo|IsA|has horns
man|girl|HasA|friends on it
drill|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
elbow|toe|PartOf|the upper body
tractor|tank|AtLocation|in there
throat|brow|IsA|(one of five) human senses
screwdriver|crayon|IsA|cuting
cat|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
roof|finger|PartOf|room
bison|horse|UsedFor|riding
brow|finger|CapableOf| taste
supper|sandwich|HasA|vegetables
turtle|cat|IsA|colorful 
worker|actress|HasA|color
mixer|stereo|HasA|string or line
magazine|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
microwave|magazine|UsedFor|keeping things cool
squirrel|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
worker|doctor|IsA|male
chicken|zebra|HasA|fins
celery|onions|UsedFor|cleaning
trumpet|clarinet|IsA|wind instrument
toilet|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
forearm|thigh|IsA|joint
brush|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
eagle|hawk|CapableOf|attack others
skis|bike|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
gorilla|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
cat|cow|AtLocation|pet store
razor|pen|PartOf|drawing
grenade|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
eye|liver|IsA|organ
gun|rifle|MadeOf|wood (partially)
nurse|woman|IsA|person
raccoon|groundhog|IsA|mammal
tap|faucet|PartOf|tire
daughter|nurse|IsA|car
hand|leg|PartOf|room
beetle|wasp|HasProperty|an insect
accordion|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
piano|accordion|UsedFor|sound
broom|bed|HasProperty|alive
horse|elephant|HasA|horn
kidney|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
ox|cougar|HasA|thick body
cottage|barn|IsA|component of a home
zebra|buffalo|IsA|type of cat
harp|guitar|UsedFor|sound
cockroach|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
cat|dog|IsA|typical pet
mole|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
girl|wife|HasProperty|female
snail|squirrel|HasA|four feet
eel|tuna|IsA|water animal
coat|bag|AtLocation|on your upper torso
arm|hand|HasA|more than one joint
hare|mole|HasProperty|living in water
barn|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
crayon|paintbrush|HasA|keyboard
forearm|arm|IsA|joint
salad|supper|HasA|vegetables
tent|hut|IsA|religious place
beetle|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
shirt|jacket|IsA|worn on the lower body
squirrel|skunk|CapableOf|hunt other animals
socks|boots|IsA|piece of clothing
actress|daughter|IsA|male
goat|camel|HasA| mane (hair on it)
plug|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
coyote|mink|CapableOf|go underground
mother|wife|IsA|sibling
cheese|cherry|UsedFor|testy
hose|screws|IsA|firearm
worker|mother|IsA|person
toaster|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
comb|drill|CapableOf|be used for drawing
salad|supper|MadeOf|bread
fridge|blender|IsA|electric powered item
pencil|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
toe|ankle|AtLocation|inside
cat|turtle|HasProperty|four-legged
ladle|spoon|HasProperty|electrically powered
fridge|sink|CapableOf|hold water
bolts|wheel|UsedFor|daily usage 
skin|foot|AtLocation|below the knee
cranberry|lemon|IsA|fruit
alligator|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
hose|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
strawberry|pear|HasA|stone 
finger|brow|IsA|part of the body
pear|cherry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
arm|toe|IsA|part of the skeleton
boy|man|HasProperty|a profession
eel|zebra|HasA|fins
zebra|tuna|HasA|red shell when cooked
worm|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
door|dishwasher|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
fan|bolts|CapableOf|make or play music
piano|harp|UsedFor|sound
buggy|wheel|AtLocation|in there
tap|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
body|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
shirt|bag|IsA|worn on the lower body
cherry|olive|IsA|vegetable
floor|roof|HasProperty|indoor
nail|arm|IsA|organ
cottage|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
cabin|cottage|HasProperty|part of a plane
wood|mink|CapableOf|burn
mirror|necklace|CapableOf|move
harp|violin|HasA|strings
rope|drill|CapableOf|be used in home
wheel|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
saxophone|trombone|IsA|instrument
apartment|hut|IsA|component of a home
clarinet|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
prune|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
camel|buffalo|IsA|has horns
elbow|toe|AtLocation|on your head
wrist|arm|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
comb|pen|HasProperty|cutting
worm|beetle|IsA|plant
deer|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
kettle|toaster|CapableOf|be plugged in
rocker|magazine|MadeOf|metal
coyote|skunk|HasA|hair/fur
worker|wife|HasProperty|a picture of a female
fingers|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
bison|gorilla|IsA|type of cat
daughter|aunt|HasA|child
tower|room|HasProperty|enclosed
wheel|raft|HasA|engine
cousin|actress|UsedFor|transportation
porcupine|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
brush|typewriter|PartOf|what is the name of 
cow|deer|HasA| mane (hair on it)
son|brother|IsA|direct relation with you
hut|gate|IsA|religious place
cougar|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
guitar|saxophone|HasA|keyboard
hawk|eagle|IsA|bird of prey
caterpillar|ant|MadeOf|small animals
woodpecker|stork|CapableOf|be a household pet
leopard|hyena|IsA|predator 
goat|rabbit|UsedFor|food products
sack|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
orange|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
floor|room|PartOf|building
blender|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
shirt|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
grapefruit|raspberry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
fawn|mole|IsA|mammal
tomato|potato|IsA|food
stick|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
tray|clock|IsA|home appliance
wheel|tractor|CapableOf|hold more than one person
butterfly|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
boat|truck|UsedFor|eating
raccoon|otter|IsA|mink
drill|knife|MadeOf|leather
jeans|pants|UsedFor|feet protection
mole|raccoon|AtLocation|on tree
pear|cherry|HasA|(usually) edible skin
plug|tape|HasProperty|round shaped
wheel|car|HasA|two rows of seats
caterpillar|ant|IsA|insect
fan|tap|CapableOf|make sound
coyote|fawn|IsA|mammal
tape|tap|CapableOf|work without electricity
leg|ankle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
seagull|kite|HasA|large wingspan
aunt|daughter|AtLocation|in a castle
rock|rope|UsedFor|reading
nurse|worker|HasA|friends on it
butter|sugar|IsA|liquid
pen|screwdriver|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
canoe|yacht|UsedFor|water
knife|pencil|IsA|construction tool
window|room|HasProperty|vertical
wrist|knees|IsA|joint
mother|wife|IsA|car
rattlesnake|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
fridge|toaster|PartOf|kitchen appliance
goat|cow|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
eel|crab|AtLocation|at sea
butter|whisky|UsedFor|drinking
catfish|tuna|IsA|mollusk
camel|horse|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
squid|trout|HasA|shell
cockroach|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
chocolate|liquor|IsA|diary food
comb|pliers|HasA|sharp edge
mixer|radio|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
razor|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
scissors|brush|HasProperty|cutting
onions|rabbit|MadeOf|something edible
coyote|deer|AtLocation|carnivorous
frog|cow|IsA|common pet
cottage|inn|IsA|component of a home
canoe|sailboat|AtLocation|in water
lamb|chicken|IsA|animal
potatoes|milk|IsA|colour red
blouse|coat|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
blender|kettle|UsedFor|washing dishes
pen|brush|AtLocation|construction site
jeans|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
saxophone|clarinet|IsA|straight tube
wife|nurse|HasProperty|royalty
bike|truck|UsedFor|single person transport
cow|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
pants|dress|UsedFor|feet protection
celery|avocado|UsedFor|meat replacement
horse|sheep|AtLocation|pet store
forearm|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
princess|actress|PartOf|hospital staff
bison|sheep|IsA|typical pet
deer|hare|CapableOf|live in water
skin|nail|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
pen|pencil|PartOf|what is your name this
truck|buggy|UsedFor|farming
prune|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothies
cello|flute|HasA|keys
turtle|cat|HasProperty|an insect
scooter|yacht|AtLocation|in there
pipe|bolts|UsedFor|harm
plug|radio|MadeOf|metal
cello|bagpipe|HasA|keys
plate|barrel|UsedFor|harm
razor|stick|PartOf|drawing
goat|cow|UsedFor|riding
arm|leg|IsA|limb
arm|bathroom|PartOf|house
spatula|pen|CapableOf|be used for hair
garlic|eggplant|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
bison|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
dog|cat|HasA|horn on head
fingers|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
wife|actress|HasProperty|royalty
banjo|bagpipe|HasA|keys
sauce|chocolate|UsedFor|dessert
mother|wife|HasA|a blood relation with you
cottage|bridge|IsA|religion buildings
salad|steak|IsA|liquid
hare|mole|CapableOf|be held 
lamp|candle|IsA|source of light
chisel|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
camel|goat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
screwdriver|drill|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
rabbit|mink|HasA|hair/fur
spatula|scissors|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
groundhog|mole|HasProperty|living in water
microwave|radio|MadeOf|steel
sofa|wall|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
caterpillar|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
frog|flea|CapableOf|flying
plug|stereo|CapableOf|work without electricity
faucet|hose|UsedFor|can your card used home
woman|princess|IsA|female (strictly)
son|brother|AtLocation|in a royal family
hose|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
rattlesnake|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
girl|man|IsA|job or profession
bathroom|walls|AtLocation|in your apartment
salmon|trout|IsA|mollusk
paintbrush|pliers|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pigeon|vulture|IsA|alive 
carpet|wall|MadeOf|wood
steak|sauce|IsA|diary food
nurse|girl|IsA|person
boy|cousin|IsA|car
chisel|razor|HasA|sharp cutting edge
cloak|umbrella|HasProperty|something that is worn
girl|aunt|HasProperty|two syllables
cat|elephant|PartOf|jumping
tiger|crocodile|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
knees|knee|HasProperty|below the waist 
tuna|eel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
skirt|dress|UsedFor|feet
dog|cow|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
boots|skirt|UsedFor|warming upper body
wife|mother|PartOf|hospital staff
fridge|magazine|MadeOf|maybe
hare|skunk|IsA|otter
son|uncle|HasProperty|an older relative
neck|forearm|HasProperty|upper body
porcupine|beaver|HasA|horn
mink|skunk|IsA|herbivore
drill|brush|CapableOf|to paint
clamp|radio|CapableOf|provide water
shoulder|knee|IsA|plural
spider|cat|IsA|household pet
rock|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
trumpet|tuba|HasA|strings
deer|rabbit|HasA| mane (hair on it)
perch|trout|IsA|name begging with c
catfish|cod|AtLocation|at sea
gun|barrel|UsedFor|firing artillery
wife|mother|PartOf|your family
coyote|groundhog|IsA|mammal
faucet|tap|CapableOf|be turned on
bolts|mixer|MadeOf|metal
giraffe|camel|IsA|like a cat
bedroom|cabin|IsA|component of a home
goat|pony|IsA|typical pet
wrist|forearm|PartOf|lower body
pliers|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
leopard|cheetah|IsA|herbivore
blouse|shirt|AtLocation|over your knees
bungalow|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
window|floor|HasProperty|indoor
piano|harp|HasA|keys
ankle|blood|IsA|organ
coconut|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
barn|cabin|MadeOf|one or more rooms
gun|tank|MadeOf|wood (partially)
pencil|stick|CapableOf|print
hose|bolts|IsA|electric 
porcupine|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
rocket|barrel|UsedFor|harm
bike|wheel|MadeOf|metal
ankle|knee|AtLocation|upper body
floor|walls|PartOf|a house
faucet|bolts|UsedFor|entertainment
pencil|pliers|AtLocation|construction site
cousin|actress|AtLocation|in a castle
rocker|radio|CapableOf|be turned on
otter|squirrel|HasA|long tail
candle|lamp|IsA|home appliance
boat|skis|AtLocation|in water
frog|bison|UsedFor|human transport
mother|nurse|HasA|an adult on it
cottage|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
princess|cousin|IsA|sibling
hand|forearm|IsA|joint
toaster|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
clarinet|bagpipe|IsA|wind instrument
cannon|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cat|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
floor|roof|IsA|body part
clarinet|harmonica|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
ant|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
room|walls|PartOf|human body
butterfly|frog|IsA|plant
tongue|mouth|HasProperty|about mouth
rabbit|squirrel|HasA|big ears
sauce|soup|HasProperty|alcoholic
tape|rope|CapableOf|make sound
flute|trombone|HasA|strings
porcupine|mink|IsA|rodent
boy|nurse|IsA|head
paintbrush|pen|UsedFor|writing
woman|princess|HasA|a blood relation with you
wheel|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
elephant|elk|MadeOf|a living thing
pencil|scissors|CapableOf|print
cabin|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
ankle|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
wasp|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
bathroom|floor|PartOf|body
roof|tower|UsedFor|decoration
saxophone|trombone|MadeOf|metal
rattlesnake|mink|CapableOf|live in water
cigarette|scarf|UsedFor|a light source
rocker|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
cannon|rifle|CapableOf|be launched/fired
salmon|catfish|HasA|shell
bowl|ship|IsA| mode of transportation 
milk|liquor|HasProperty|a liquid
goat|pony|AtLocation|pet store
clarinet|saxophone|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
bolts|plug|MadeOf|paper
mother|girl|HasProperty|a female
plug|rocker|IsA|digital device
butter|salad|UsedFor|desserts
tap|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
tank|bike|AtLocation|in water
pants|skirt|AtLocation|upper part of body
forearm|wrist|UsedFor|waving
bag|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
arm|nail|AtLocation|on your head
fingers|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
leg|finger|IsA|joint
cheetah|hyena|IsA|type of cat
guitar|clarinet|HasA|strings
coyote|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
cupboard|microwave|AtLocation|on a countertop
gorilla|zebra|IsA|like a cat
necklace|chandelier|CapableOf|move
elk|deer|IsA|predator 
door|wall|CapableOf|contain items
elephant|cat|HasProperty|four-legged
tray|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
finger|hand|AtLocation|on furniture
onions|corn|HasA|seeds
comb|knife|CapableOf|print
parakeet|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
lantern|lamp|UsedFor|a light source
leg|toe|AtLocation|on head
kettle|colander|UsedFor|washing dishes
hand|ceiling|PartOf|house
snail|caterpillar|HasA|wings
elbow|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
skin|foot|PartOf|the images displayed
giraffe|buffalo|IsA|type of cat
aunt|actress|HasProperty|male
wheelbarrow|jacket|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
tray|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
sheep|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
cottage|house|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
stork|kite|HasProperty|a predator
dress|blouse|IsA|home appliance
flute|piano|PartOf|strings
drill|stick|CapableOf|be used for drawing
neck|finger|CapableOf| taste
meat|potatoes|UsedFor|desserts
cloak|skirt|IsA|logo
duck|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
father|uncle|IsA|child
porcupine|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
worm|cockroach|IsA|insect
actress|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
coyote|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
avocado|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
tray|door|CapableOf|be plumbed in
camel|frog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
necklace|scarf|HasProperty|something to be worn
chisel|pencil|CapableOf|print
harp|violin|MadeOf|strings
horse|donkey|HasA|fur
cannon|tank|UsedFor|storage
lantern|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
neck|wrist|PartOf|the upper body
church|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
stick|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
duck|rabbit|MadeOf|red
room|floor|HasProperty|enclosed
jacket|shirt|IsA|an accessory
liver|hair|HasA|bones
fawn|deer|CapableOf|go underground
rocket|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tap|stereo|UsedFor|can your card used home
coconut|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
window|walls|HasProperty|an enclosed space
pen|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
wheel|rope|CapableOf|be launched/fired
rifle|grenade|CapableOf|used in war
cat|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
barrel|pipe|CapableOf|destroy a building
tower|ceiling|PartOf|building
worker|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
mink|otter|HasA|long ears
bacon|bean|IsA|diary food
bag|coat|UsedFor|transporting things
jeans|pants|UsedFor|transporting things
squirrel|deer|HasA|hair/fur
frog|pony|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
blood|hair|AtLocation|on head
porcupine|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
tap|plug|UsedFor|entertainment
ant|flea|IsA|insect
cheetah|elk|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
princess|nurse|IsA|car
toaster|kettle|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
sheep|horse|IsA|carnivore 
kettle|blender|AtLocation|on a countertop
aunt|girlfriend|IsA|family member
cottage|bungalow|PartOf|set of furniture
father|king|IsA|male
zebra|cart|HasA|horn
forearm|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
skin|eye|AtLocation|on you head
flute|trumpet|CapableOf|be played with mouth
mother|aunt|IsA|car
moth|ant|IsA|colorful 
mother|girl|HasProperty|steel
dishwasher|sink|UsedFor|making food
cupboard|curtains|CapableOf|open/close
clarinet|trumpet|CapableOf|be blown into
rope|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
coyote|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
mole|rabbit|CapableOf|hunt other animals
spatula|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
onions|potato|AtLocation|in water
father|son|IsA|man
cherry|peach|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
cottage|building|IsA|component of a home
donkey|pony|HasA|fur
wine|whisky|IsA|diary food
daughter|actress|IsA|profession
guitar|banjo|HasA|strings
brush|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
stick|comb|UsedFor|cooking
chocolate|salad|IsA|meat
roof|bar|HasProperty|vertical
butter|soup|IsA|meat
muscle|hair|AtLocation|on your head
boy|mother|HasA|friends on it
mixer|tape|IsA|digital device
body|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
ankle|thigh|PartOf|an appendage
typewriter|pen|MadeOf|only metal
raspberry|prune|HasA|peel
mole|hare|HasA|hair/fur
screws|wheel|PartOf|any of various units of 
girlfriend|girl|CapableOf|become pregnant 
cherry|raspberry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
wasp|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
eye|ankle|AtLocation|below the knee
neck|ankle|UsedFor|a fight
bathroom|finger|PartOf|house
scarf|chandelier|UsedFor|lighting
coat|pants|UsedFor|transporting things
coyote|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
cockroach|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
sailboat|canoe|HasProperty|usually a large size
bison|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
room|roof|IsA|body part
scissors|drill|CapableOf|writing
sled|raft|UsedFor|riding on water
typewriter|scissors|CapableOf|print
roof|hand|PartOf|house
ox|elk|HasA|horn
princess|mother|IsA|sibling
butter|whisky|HasProperty|a liquid
magazine|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
shoes|jacket|UsedFor|warming upper body
raccoon|beaver|CapableOf|attack human
camel|caribou|MadeOf|a living thing
kettle|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bike|jeep|UsedFor|eating
ant|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
rocket|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
starling|owl|HasA|large wing span
raft|jeep|UsedFor|eating
fan|wheel|CapableOf|make sound
girlfriend|nurse|IsA|female
donkey|pony|UsedFor|riding
carpet|sofa|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
pliers|screwdriver|HasA|sharp edge
dove|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
brush|screwdriver|IsA|metal
dishwasher|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
blouse|cloak|UsedFor|protection
raccoon|mink|AtLocation|carnivorous
cat|horse|HasA| mane (hair on it)
fridge|fan|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
screws|plate|CapableOf|transport liquids
screwdriver|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
beans|pepper|IsA|fruit
groundhog|mole|IsA|predator
pencil|pliers|CapableOf|print
tray|closet|CapableOf|be plumbed in
leg|ankle|PartOf|lower body
dress|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
dishwasher|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
alligator|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
aunt|worker|IsA|female
mink|beaver|HasA|hair/fur
boat|airplane|IsA| mode of transportation 
door|wall|CapableOf|open/close
pen|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
pony|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
skin|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
tower|room|IsA|part of a building
cousin|girl|IsA|family member
boy|girl|IsA|profession
lamb|rabbit|MadeOf|red
knee|leg|AtLocation|upper body
tower|deck|HasProperty|vertical
pliers|drill|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
elephant|deer|IsA|has horns
clarinet|accordion|UsedFor|sound
dog|frog|UsedFor|food products
plum|pear|IsA|word beginning with p
bed|curtains|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
stick|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
forearm|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
wheel|rope|IsA|electric 
avocado|prune|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
prune|banana|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
bathroom|walls|AtLocation|above your head
cottage|oak|IsA|red home
eel|lobster|IsA|mollusk
rope|rocker|IsA|digital device
eye|bone|IsA|cancer related card
frog|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
finger|nose|HasProperty|used affected during make up
soup|sauce|IsA|liquid
tray|cigarette|UsedFor|wearing
turtle|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
harpsichord|piano|IsA|wind instrument
pliers|crayon|MadeOf|writing
kidney|blood|IsA|cancer related card
butterfly|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
cod|salmon|AtLocation|at sea
skis|car|UsedFor|land suitable one
raft|skis|CapableOf|roll
piano|banjo|UsedFor|sound
paintbrush|pencil|UsedFor|drawing or painting
orange|cherry|HasA|edible skin
raccoon|porcupine|AtLocation|on tree
horse|cow|AtLocation|on a farm 
boy|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
microwave|rocker|MadeOf|maybe
coyote|hare|CapableOf|live in water
eye|nail|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
rope|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
faucet|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
finger|tower|PartOf|room
nurse|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
celery|avocado|IsA|purple vegetable
bed|bridge|HasA|start with a b
bolts|pipe|UsedFor|daily usage 
shrimp|cod|IsA|mollusk
girlfriend|woman|IsA|profession
hose|rope|CapableOf|use electricity
raccoon|rabbit|CapableOf|eat palm nuts
beetle|squirrel|IsA|plant
cupboard|sink|UsedFor|heating items up
octopus|cod|AtLocation|at sea
skirt|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
tap|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
woman|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
spatula|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tuna|salmon|IsA|fish
daughter|girl|HasProperty|exclusively female
typewriter|pen|PartOf|what is the name of 
trumpet|clarinet|HasA|strings
avocado|grapefruit|HasA|yellow color
kidney|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
rocket|tank|CapableOf|be held in a hand
plum|prune|HasProperty|yellow
lantern|candle|CapableOf|give off light/glow
skis|skateboard|CapableOf|be used in snow
shirt|gown|HasProperty|worn below the waist
mink|coyote|HasA|long ears
shrimp|lobster|HasA|fins
grenade|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
pipe|strainer|UsedFor|storing wine
chisel|scissors|HasA|sharp edge
blouse|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
doctor|worker|IsA|occupation
corn|olive|HasA|seeds
pliers|razor|CapableOf|writing
truck|raft|AtLocation|in there
bridge|building|IsA|permanent structure
alligator|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
groundhog|porcupine|IsA|mammal
mixer|stereo|UsedFor|music related entertainment
hose|mixer|MadeOf|paper
rocket|barrel|IsA|weapon
elephant|crocodile|HasA|legs
lemon|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
trout|cod|HasA|legs/tentacles 
oven|radio|CapableOf|be use for transportation
trousers|sack|HasA|wheel
tiger|rabbit|IsA|typical pet
hose|plate|CapableOf|use electricity
tiger|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
neck|arm|HasProperty|mostly of cylindrical shape
curtains|cupboard|CapableOf|opening/closing
tape|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
rope|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
raccoon|rabbit|HasProperty|5 letters long
cranberry|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
ankle|hair|AtLocation|inside
raccoon|porcupine|IsA|predator
gown|shirt|HasA|sleeves
flute|banjo|HasA|keyboard
perch|trout|IsA|water animal
boy|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
nurse|girl|HasProperty|a picture of a female
squid|cod|IsA|water animal
balloon|helicopter|AtLocation|on water
crocodile|dog|HasProperty|carnivorous
rabbit|squirrel|IsA|household pet
typewriter|brush|CapableOf|print
cherry|avocado|IsA|long fruit
floor|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head in general
sink|fridge|CapableOf|hold water
plate|hose|IsA|firearm
elbow|arm|IsA|on the lower half 
eagle|kite|PartOf|wild life
mother|princess|HasA|child
pants|coat|IsA|accessory
grenade|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
toe|arm|IsA|joint
blender|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pigeon|kite|PartOf|wild life
forearm|hand|AtLocation|upper body
muscle|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
dress|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
sofa|curtains|PartOf|the entrance to a room
squirrel|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
rock|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
chisel|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
jeans|shoes|HasA|sleeves
horse|cart|HasA|trunk
eagle|vulture|HasA|large wingspan
pony|camel|HasA| mane (hair on it)
kidney|liver|AtLocation|on the inside
rope|clamp|CapableOf|make sound
salmon|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
pants|jacket|UsedFor|warming upper body
screws|gun|IsA|vessel
barrel|rocket|UsedFor|harm
kettle|toaster|PartOf|kitchen appliance
harpsichord|piano|HasA|reed to make it work
sugar|potatoes|UsedFor|dessert
tower|floor|IsA|body part
hand|wrist|UsedFor|waving
scooter|wheel|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
pencil|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cheetah|tiger|IsA|type of big cat
deck|tower|PartOf|building
cow|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
building|bridge|IsA|religious place
lemon|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
nurse|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
guitar|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
plate|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mackerel|eel|HasA|shell
pants|skirt|AtLocation|on neck
garlic|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
fan|magazine|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
curtains|bedroom|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
man|woman|IsA|occupation
ox|elephant|IsA|violent creature
butterfly|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
tap|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
bedroom|bed|UsedFor|sleep
elephant|cat|HasA|eating
strawberry|banana|IsA|fruit
truck|scooter|AtLocation|in there
mother|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
window|tower|HasProperty|typically vertical
arm|ceiling|PartOf|house
tractor|jeep|HasProperty|consuming fuel
bean|soup|UsedFor|dinner
mink|squirrel|CapableOf|climb on tree
tent|gate|IsA|relatively small
pineapple|strawberry|IsA|fruit
girl|father|IsA|car
ant|wasp|HasA|wings
cannon|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
blender|dishwasher|IsA|appliance
cheetah|elephant|HasA|horn
brush|screwdriver|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
horse|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
coat|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
window|tower|PartOf|body
father|princess|IsA|profession
coat|blouse|IsA|an accessory
cow|dog|IsA|something a farmer would own
fan|faucet|UsedFor|entertainment
cat|pony|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
zebra|lobster|HasA|fins
kettle|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
tiger|horse|HasA|trunk
leg|elbow|PartOf|an appendage
tap|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
knee|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
tape|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
rabbit|raccoon|CapableOf|hunt other animals
caribou|camel|IsA|type of big cat
tiger|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
pliers|drill|PartOf|drawing
worm|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
caterpillar|spider|HasProperty|typically able to fly
cousin|woman|IsA|female
salad|meal|HasA|vegetables
duck|pigeon|PartOf|wild life
deer|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
salad|soup|HasProperty|mainly meat
stove|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
falcon|duck|HasProperty|a predator
donkey|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
spider|frog|MadeOf|small animals
potato|goat|AtLocation|in water
bike|scooter|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
tray|kettle|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
princess|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
worker|girlfriend|IsA|female
elk|elephant|IsA|predator 
shoes|trousers|UsedFor|feet protection
lamp|chandelier|UsedFor|lighting
typewriter|screwdriver|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
plug|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
room|tower|UsedFor|working with computer
stove|toaster|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
eagle|pelican|IsA|dangerous bird
coat|skirt|AtLocation|on neck
spatula|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
clarinet|flute|UsedFor|blowing
spider|flea|HasA|wings
trout|perch|IsA|fish
horse|camel|UsedFor|a mode of transport
skateboard|tank|AtLocation|in water
cherry|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
foot|leg|IsA|plural
lamp|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
magazine|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
onions|broccoli|UsedFor|meat replacement
porcupine|raccoon|HasA|hooves
elephant|rabbit|HasA|hooves
elk|bison|HasA|horn or antler
tap|rope|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
camel|deer|IsA|typical pet
tape|plug|MadeOf|metal
jeep|boat|HasA|an engine
rock|fan|MadeOf|paper
plum|banana|UsedFor|smoothies
wheelbarrow|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
walls|tower|UsedFor|decoration
hut|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
sauce|sandwich|IsA|diary food
rope|plate|IsA|firearm
cod|salmon|HasA|shell
garlic|coconut|IsA|vegetable
sister|daughter|IsA|immediate relation with you
sack|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
cherry|pear|IsA|fruit
violin|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
nail|liver|AtLocation|on head
raspberry|pear|IsA|fruit
soup|meal|HasA|meat
squid|octopus|AtLocation|on a farm
ankle|thigh|PartOf|upper body
yacht|tank|MadeOf|metal
chandelier|tray|IsA|item of clothing
radio|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
hose|pipe|UsedFor|daily usage 
car|tank|UsedFor|eating
flute|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
finger|arm|IsA|body part
arm|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
guitar|flute|IsA|instrument
kite|duck|HasA|wings
paintbrush|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
donkey|pony|IsA|typical pet
gate|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
rabbit|goat|IsA|n animal
mother|man|IsA|person
knees|foot|AtLocation|on lower body
cupboard|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
tape|fan|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
accordion|guitar|HasA|keys
pipe|plate|UsedFor|storing wine
peach|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
flea|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
harpsichord|harp|MadeOf|strings
woodpecker|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
accordion|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
cousin|actress|IsA|car
soup|bean|HasProperty|two syllables
princess|actress|IsA|direct relation
elbow|arm|HasProperty|upper body
cabin|gate|HasProperty|a black and white picture
rope|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
kettle|fridge|HasProperty|using electricity
beaver|mole|AtLocation|carnivorous
flute|accordion|UsedFor|sound
faucet|hose|IsA|related to music 
pen|scissors|MadeOf|writing
cow|spider|IsA|household pet
steak|bacon|HasA|meat
cheese|olive|CapableOf|bitter
tractor|car|CapableOf|hold more than one person
celery|garlic|UsedFor|cleaning
porcupine|raccoon|HasA|horn
closet|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
floor|window|PartOf|body
shirt|bag|UsedFor|transporting things
building|apartment|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
caterpillar|beetle|HasProperty|an insect
hand|neck|AtLocation|upper body
deck|bathroom|IsA|part of a building
trout|catfish|CapableOf|come in a tin
pen|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
crab|lobster|HasA|shell
soup|wine|IsA|diary food
bike|truck|MadeOf|metal
trout|mackerel|HasA|fins
plum|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
scissors|screwdriver|PartOf|what is your name this
church|cathedral|UsedFor|religious gatherings
lamp|cigarette|HasProperty|quite small
rattlesnake|ant|HasA|walking
pencil|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
rocket|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
clarinet|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
bed|door|UsedFor|lighting
tiger|dog|HasA|fur
toilet|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
pencil|drill|CapableOf|print
inn|bed|IsA|religious place
bolts|hose|MadeOf|metal
elk|raccoon|IsA|herbivore
ankle|toe|PartOf|the images displayed
plum|pear|IsA|fruit
cat|frog|CapableOf|be domesticated
fan|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
lobster|shrimp|IsA|water animal
dress|skirt|IsA|item of clothing
raccoon|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
elk|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
cello|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
screws|pipe|CapableOf|destroy a building
son|brother|IsA|direct relation
raccoon|squirrel|HasProperty|4 letters long
kettle|bottle|MadeOf|metal
duck|goat|MadeOf|red
paintbrush|brush|MadeOf|writing
grapefruit|orange|HasProperty|yellow
wood|tin|IsA|bottle
salmon|perch|AtLocation|at sea
mouse|squirrel|IsA|common pet
toilet|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
perch|zebra|HasA|red shell when cooked
accordion|flute|IsA|brass instrument
blender|dishwasher|HasA|power supply
butterfly|snail|CapableOf|fly
rope|tap|MadeOf|paper
eel|catfish|HasA|legs/tentacles 
nail|ankle|AtLocation|inside
deer|camel|IsA|predator 
tray|thermometer|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
tank|gun|UsedFor|shooting
chandelier|mirror|IsA|home appliance
woman|boy|UsedFor|transportation
elk|buffalo|HasA|horn
crayon|razor|HasProperty|cutting
drill|brush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
pants|scarf|CapableOf|be worn
cloak|robe|HasProperty|something that can be worn
girl|doctor|IsA|family member
actress|aunt|HasA|child
pliers|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
catfish|mackerel|IsA|card facing left
forearm|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
bolts|wheel|IsA|vessel
hyena|cheetah|IsA|like a cat
bedroom|cottage|MadeOf|one or more rooms
tuna|octopus|HasA|shell
wheel|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
harp|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
typewriter|paintbrush|PartOf|what is the name of 
door|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
eel|shrimp|HasA|claws
tray|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
dress|gown|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
arm|fingers|PartOf|human body
bag|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
starling|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
butterfly|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
boots|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
buggy|raft|UsedFor|eating
sheep|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|transport liquids
potatoes|sandwich|IsA|diary food
plug|tap|AtLocation|kitchen
woodpecker|owl|HasA|large wingspan
window|floor|AtLocation|in your apartment
mole|coyote|CapableOf|climb trees
trousers|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
crocodile|horse|AtLocation|in africa
cherry|plum|HasProperty|yellow
chicken|goat|IsA|meat or animal
mole|skunk|CapableOf|hunt other animals
trout|catfish|HasA|fins
bedroom|carpet|IsA|furniture
sheep|crocodile|IsA|teeth
truck|wheel|CapableOf|hold more than one person
giraffe|zebra|IsA|has horns
elbow|neck|HasProperty|lower body
cat|frog|CapableOf|flying
stove|blender|PartOf|kitchen appliance
drill|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
gun|barrel|HasProperty|tiger
sack|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
spider|cow|PartOf|jumping
rope|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
harmonica|bagpipe|HasA|reed to make it work
magazine|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
grenade|rocket|UsedFor|storage
stereo|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
camel|elephant|UsedFor|travel
mackerel|salmon|HasA|snake like body
sheep|dog|HasProperty|fluffy
bed|curtains|UsedFor|storage
sink|colander|UsedFor|washings things in
airplane|bowl|IsA| mode of transportation 
yacht|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
skunk|mink|CapableOf|climb trees
goat|tomato|HasProperty|red
cabin|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
asparagus|mackerel|IsA|one syllable word
kidney|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
woodpecker|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
toe|ankle|PartOf|lower body
squirrel|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
chisel|scissors|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
orange|lemon|IsA|citrus fruit
bison|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
mole|groundhog|CapableOf|be held 
elbow|toe|PartOf|upper body
nurse|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
drill|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
cousin|girl|IsA|male
foot|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
father|daughter|IsA|title
tuba|accordion|HasA|reed to make it work
wasp|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
magazine|radio|UsedFor|music related entertainment
blender|kettle|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
barn|building|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
meat|chocolate|UsedFor|dessert
faucet|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
typewriter|comb|MadeOf|writing
grenade|plate|IsA|firearm
toe|body|HasA|bones
drill|knife|UsedFor|crafts
salmon|perch|HasA|shell
horse|zebra|HasA|long neck
rabbit|skunk|MadeOf|green
jeans|skirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
girlfriend|father|HasProperty|a picture of a female
horse|goat|AtLocation|on a farm 
man|boy|HasProperty|a female
porcupine|beaver|IsA|mammal
fridge|kettle|IsA|electrical appliance
perch|salmon|HasA|legs/tentacles 
mackerel|catfish|IsA|card facing left
airplane|balloon|CapableOf|fly
typewriter|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
wheelbarrow|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
pistol|rifle|HasA|trigger
kidney|eye|IsA|edible part of other animals
actress|mother|MadeOf|metal
toe|ankle|AtLocation|on head
turtle|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
finger|fingers|MadeOf|a whole body part
avocado|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
tray|candle|UsedFor|wearing
stereo|radio|CapableOf|produce sound (directly or cabled)
knees|knee|AtLocation|below waist
zebra|shrimp|HasA|legs
beetle|cockroach|HasA|wings
lips|nose|IsA|part of the body
donkey|horse|IsA|something a farmer would own
mother|woman|IsA|profession
kite|pigeon|PartOf|wild life
bagpipe|harmonica|HasA|keys
room|window|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
chapel|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
bolts|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
trousers|jeans|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
room|tower|IsA|body part
goat|duck|HasProperty|red
king|cousin|IsA|male
skunk|beaver|IsA|rodent
sink|colander|IsA|appliance
brush|pliers|AtLocation|construction site
magazine|radio|HasA|a type of metal
squirrel|turtle|HasA|walking
onions|chicken|AtLocation|in water
rattlesnake|ant|IsA|colorful 
fingers|shoulder|AtLocation|upper body
wheel|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
jacket|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
gorilla|zebra|IsA|has horns
steak|sugar|IsA|diary food
lantern|thermometer|UsedFor|wearing
boots|socks|HasA|sleeves
arm|leg|AtLocation|on your head
mink|mole|PartOf|herd
squirrel|mouse|HasA|eating
snail|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
squirrel|moth|IsA|plant
bolts|rope|IsA|firearm
raccoon|mink|CapableOf|live in water
mink|rabbit|CapableOf|hunt other animals
pipe|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
necklace|scarf|MadeOf|glass
boat|saucer|AtLocation|in the air
grapefruit|cranberry|HasA|edible skin
scissors|pen|UsedFor|brushing
banana|strawberry|HasA|stone 
mole|squirrel|IsA|mammal
ceiling|room|PartOf|body
finger|neck|PartOf|face
duck|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
jet|helicopter|AtLocation|in the air
rabbit|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
skin|ankle|PartOf|the images displayed
peach|prune|HasProperty|yellow
raccoon|beaver|AtLocation|carnivorous
tractor|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
clarinet|trombone|HasA|tube
aunt|cousin|AtLocation|in a castle
stork|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
caterpillar|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
cottage|tent|HasA|start with a b
turtle|worm|CapableOf|flying
cherry|plum|HasA|edible skin (usually)
prune|banana|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
knife|drill|CapableOf|writing
prince|son|IsA|family
drill|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
neck|hand|IsA|plural
pistol|drill|IsA|vessel
beetle|snail|IsA|slow mover
mackerel|perch|IsA|water animal
stove|toaster|PartOf|kitchen appliance
foot|ankle|AtLocation|below your waist
wheel|rope|CapableOf|used in war
wheelbarrow|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
apartment|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
donkey|cow|IsA|carnivore 
pear|cherry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
socks|dress|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
lobster|asparagus|HasA|fins
kidney|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
coconut|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
butter|steak|IsA|liquid
girl|man|UsedFor|food
squirrel|mole|CapableOf|hunt other animals
chicken|rabbit|IsA|fruit or vegetable
jeans|skirt|UsedFor|warming upper body
plug|stereo|IsA|electronic device
elbow|fingers|PartOf|the upper body
worm|wasp|HasA|walking
actress|mother|UsedFor|transportation
groundhog|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
worm|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
hand|roof|PartOf|room
cannon|grenade|HasProperty|made for violence
deer|fawn|HasA|antlers/horns
goat|frog|AtLocation|pet store
nurse|mother|IsA|male
radio|tape|HasA|a type of metal
drill|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
pen|pencil|IsA|cuting
piano|banjo|MadeOf|wood
tap|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
piano|flute|IsA|wind instrument
grenade|screws|IsA|firearm
saucer|spoon|HasA|handle
sauce|meat|CapableOf|fry
barrel|wheel|AtLocation|at home
butterfly|moth|IsA|bug
spatula|brush|PartOf|drawing
cheetah|leopard|IsA|like a cat
cherry|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
skin|nail|PartOf|the images displayed
deer|mink|CapableOf|go underground
brother|son|HasProperty|a family member
hyena|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
screws|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
tiger|cow|IsA|teeth
cousin|uncle|IsA|direct relation with you
stereo|plug|UsedFor|electronic uses
sister|aunt|IsA|profession
girlfriend|wife|HasA|a blood relation with you
dishwasher|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
rabbit|elephant|AtLocation|jungle
girl|girlfriend|IsA|car
grenade|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cherry|prune|HasA|edible skin
toe|knees|AtLocation|on lower body
cigarette|thermometer|UsedFor|wearing
truck|yacht|UsedFor|eating
nose|brow|HasProperty|above eye
elbow|finger|MadeOf|upper body parts
knife|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
beetle|cockroach|IsA|plant
cherry|strawberry|IsA|red  or orang
trousers|blouse|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
finger|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
wasp|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
wife|girlfriend|CapableOf|become pregnant 
garlic|onions|HasA|any green on it 
hose|gun|CapableOf|be used in home
screws|wheel|UsedFor|daily usage 
skin|eye|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cod|trout|HasA|shell
oven|cupboard|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
faucet|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
squirrel|fawn|IsA|mammal
rabbit|beaver|AtLocation|carnivorous
ladle|spoon|IsA|electric powered item
wasp|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
ship|saucer|IsA| mode of transportation 
banjo|trumpet|IsA|instrument
rope|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
jacket|shoes|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
shotgun|rifle|HasA|finger trigger
plate|barrel|PartOf|any of various units of 
window|floor|PartOf|body
trombone|piano|HasA|strings
tractor|scooter|UsedFor|eating
spatula|pliers|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
squirrel|ant|HasA|walking
toe|ankle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
beaver|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
coconut|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
uncle|king|IsA|direct relation
buggy|scooter|AtLocation|in water
dress|skirt|IsA|home appliance
scissors|pliers|PartOf|drawing
tray|door|CapableOf|can you sit on it
chandelier|lamp|UsedFor|wearing
magazine|radio|MadeOf|steel
sandwich|supper|UsedFor|dinner
man|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
zebra|tiger|HasA|4 legs
giraffe|camel|IsA|object
fingers|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
snail|butterfly|IsA|bug
bucket|spoon|HasA|handle
hawk|vulture|IsA|alive 
cherry|coconut|HasProperty|green
chandelier|candle|MadeOf|/contain glass
drill|plate|IsA|firearm
rope|stereo|UsedFor|dispensing water
skunk|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
zebra|crab|HasA|fins
steak|potatoes|IsA|liquid
neck|shoulder|PartOf|an appendage
canoe|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
cart|giraffe|HasA|horn
leg|ankle|AtLocation|on head
drill|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
elbow|wrist|MadeOf|upper body parts
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
plum|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothies
giraffe|caribou|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
tiger|rabbit|HasA| mane (hair on it)
pen|pencil|CapableOf|writing
rocker|clamp|UsedFor|entertainment
screws|pipe|HasProperty|part of a car
bungalow|house|IsA|place to live permanently
banjo|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
mole|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
buggy|bike|MadeOf|metal
stick|pliers|PartOf|drawing
banana|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
owl|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
wheel|strainer|HasA|round shape
zebra|camel|HasA|trunk
forearm|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
stick|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
arm|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
chandelier|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
barrel|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
squirrel|beaver|AtLocation|on tree
hyena|leopard|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
neck|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
saucer|pot|HasA|handle
actress|cousin|IsA|direct or immediate relation
neck|fingers|IsA|body part
cousin|mother|AtLocation|in a castle
grenade|shotgun|UsedFor|firing artillery
nurse|worker|HasA|color
garlic|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
skirt|pants|IsA|accessory
glass|paper|IsA|fragile
screws|rocket|UsedFor|harm
mixer|stereo|MadeOf|metal
rifle|hose|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
ankle|bone|IsA|limb
wheel|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
plum|avocado|IsA|physical fruit or veg
yacht|truck|UsedFor|farming
uncle|brother|AtLocation|in a royal family
trombone|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
tray|tank|HasProperty|circular
fan|rocker|UsedFor|keeping things cool
trombone|trumpet|PartOf|strings
raccoon|squirrel|AtLocation|on tree
razor|pencil|CapableOf|print
cow|spider|IsA|common pet
coconut|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
hyena|bison|MadeOf|a living thing
beaver|hare|HasA|hair/fur
zebra|tiger|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
hose|tap|HasA|a type of metal
bolts|drill|CapableOf|be used in home
faucet|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
spatula|knife|CapableOf|writing
neck|shoulder|UsedFor|walking
kettle|dishwasher|PartOf|kitchen appliance
tap|faucet|IsA| kitchen appliance 
caterpillar|flea|HasA|walking
faucet|bolts|HasA|a type of metal
tank|bike|UsedFor|land suitable one
cheese|olive|UsedFor|testy
gorilla|tiger|IsA|type of cat
dog|donkey|HasA| mane (hair on it)
gorilla|giraffe|HasA|antlers/tusks
candle|lamp|HasProperty|electric powered
lamp|lantern|CapableOf|use a lightbulb
frog|goat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
wrist|hand|IsA|plural
woman|mother|HasProperty|a female
harmonica|accordion|IsA|brass instrument
tractor|buggy|UsedFor|farming
beaver|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
strainer|screws|MadeOf|wood
squirrel|skunk|AtLocation|on tree
flea|worm|IsA|bug
hand|shoulder|MadeOf|upper body parts
banjo|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
trumpet|trombone|HasA|start with a t
pony|camel|IsA|carnivore 
gorilla|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
spider|beetle|HasA|walking
scarf|mirror|HasProperty|makes light
rock|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
father|prince|IsA|direct relation
butterfly|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
wife|cousin|IsA|car
airplane|balloon|CapableOf|float 
cranberry|prune|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
cheese|orange|CapableOf|bitter
carpet|bedroom|CapableOf|open/close
girlfriend|nurse|IsA|male
rope|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
squid|shrimp|HasA|fins
orange|garlic|HasProperty|green
olive|garlic|CapableOf|bitter
typewriter|drill|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
frog|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
wife|girl|PartOf|hospital staff
bed|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
meat|sauce|MadeOf|several ingredients
grenade|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
ox|elk|CapableOf|carry a adult human
floor|tower|AtLocation|above your head in general
stick|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
piano|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
mink|squirrel|IsA|animal with long ears
ship|jet|CapableOf|fly
gate|bed|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
beaver|groundhog|IsA|rodent
liver|kidney|AtLocation|in the torso
leg|eye|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
roof|ceiling|CapableOf|be used home
flea|frog|HasA|walking
cat|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
pot|spoon|HasA|handle
crocodile|tiger|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
bike|skateboard|HasProperty|consuming fuel
lantern|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
cow|camel|CapableOf|be domesticated
rope|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
tape|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
actress|princess|PartOf|close blood relative
raccoon|beaver|HasA|horn
apartment|cabin|IsA|component of a home
bone|liver|IsA|organ
soup|sandwich|UsedFor|dinner
banjo|flute|IsA|instrument
squirrel|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
fridge|magazine|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
harpsichord|cello|MadeOf|strings
worm|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
hare|skunk|IsA|mammal
forearm|wrist|HasA|more than one joint
princess|girl|HasProperty|exclusively female
lantern|chandelier|UsedFor|a light source
saucer|balloon|AtLocation|on water
yacht|boat|CapableOf|be used on snow
wheel|canoe|HasA|an engine
chocolate|bacon|IsA|liquid
worm|caterpillar|HasA|no legs
supper|soup|HasA|meat
tap|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
mole|squirrel|PartOf|herd
clock|thermometer|UsedFor|lighting
trumpet|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
jacket|dress|IsA|worn on the lower body
snail|butterfly|HasA|walking
tongue|throat|IsA|part of the body
wheel|pipe|UsedFor|harm
ant|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
eggplant|beans|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
violin|cello|HasA|neck
scissors|pen|CapableOf|to paint
mackerel|perch|HasA|fins
leg|ankle|AtLocation|below the waist 
scarf|dress|UsedFor|wearing
piano|trombone|IsA|instrument
eel|chicken|HasA|fins
girlfriend|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
wasp|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly
zebra|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
lemon|olive|PartOf|eating
trumpet|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
rocket|tank|HasA|finger trigger
goat|donkey|IsA|something a farmer would own
turtle|wasp|IsA|plant
chandelier|lantern|HasProperty|makes light
goat|tiger|UsedFor|riding
wheel|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
girl|actress|IsA|female (strictly)
raccoon|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
cupboard|door|CapableOf|opening/closing
chisel|spatula|UsedFor|writing
pear|peach|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
fingers|hand|HasProperty|related with hand
elephant|caribou|IsA|has horns
clamp|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
banana|avocado|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
accordion|guitar|UsedFor|sound
asparagus|chicken|IsA|mollusk
saxophone|harmonica|IsA|wind instrument
mirror|chandelier|MadeOf|/contain glass
building|chapel|IsA|component of a home
pear|banana|HasA|peel
raccoon|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
jacket|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
room|floor|PartOf|building
supper|meal|MadeOf|meat
rocker|fan|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
sack|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
clamp|plug|PartOf|tire
catfish|trout|AtLocation|at sea
sink|tray|UsedFor|making food
dress|coat|IsA|accessory
blender|fridge|HasA|electrical parts
plum|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
room|ceiling|PartOf|body
princess|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
closet|bed|CapableOf|be plumbed in
plate|hose|IsA|vessel
dress|jacket|AtLocation|foot
socks|boots|PartOf|lower waistline
raccoon|mink|CapableOf|climb on tree
airplane|jet|HasA|wings
beetle|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
brush|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
comb|stick|IsA|construction tool
typewriter|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
pen|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
shirt|jeans|UsedFor|transporting things
deer|camel|IsA|teeth
hose|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
wasp|snail|IsA|insect
king|uncle|IsA|female
spider|ant|HasProperty|typically able to fly
tractor|buggy|AtLocation|in water
finger|fingers|AtLocation|in your upper body
onions|avocado|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
crocodile|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
trousers|boots|HasA|sleeves
canoe|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
screws|bolts|UsedFor|restraining things
arm|leg|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
chandelier|lantern|AtLocation|on neck
room|ceiling|UsedFor|decoration
pencil|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
piano|saxophone|IsA|instrument
rabbit|skunk|HasA|long tail
man|worker|HasA|friends on it
window|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head in general
girlfriend|daughter|IsA|profession
ladle|sink|HasProperty|consuming electricity
raccoon|coyote|HasA|long ear
princess|man|IsA|profession
tuna|squid|IsA|water animal
avocado|olive|HasProperty|green
leg|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
cottage|inn|UsedFor|relaxing
fingers|elbow|PartOf|upper body
curtains|cupboard|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
plum|prune|HasA|edible skin
meat|chocolate|UsedFor|desserts
flute|clarinet|CapableOf|be blown into
knees|thigh|AtLocation|on lower body
brow|lips|HasProperty|above your eyes
mole|skunk|AtLocation|carnivorous
plug|faucet|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
buggy|raft|HasA|wheels
bed|door|CapableOf|open/close
tank|boat|UsedFor|eating
groundhog|fawn|IsA|herbivore
wrist|finger|PartOf|the upper body
finger|shoulder|PartOf|the upper body
knees|leg|HasProperty|below the waist 
shirt|gown|HasA|sleeves
microwave|kettle|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
spider|caterpillar|HasA|wings
leopard|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
hyena|cougar|HasA|horn
tiger|elephant|UsedFor|eating
worm|moth|HasProperty|an insect
lips|mouth|PartOf|face
knees|leg|AtLocation|on lower body
lantern|thermometer|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
sailboat|canoe|UsedFor|riding on water
tray|kettle|AtLocation|on a countertop
rocket|cannon|CapableOf|transport liquids
turtle|squirrel|HasA|four feet
deer|goat|UsedFor|riding
clarinet|trombone|HasA|keyboard
tuna|shrimp|IsA|water animal
wife|sister|IsA|direct or immediate relation
chisel|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
gate|house|HasA| 5 letters or less
candle|necklace|CapableOf|move
wheel|screws|HasA|round shape
chocolate|sugar|IsA|liquid
peach|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
elbow|neck|PartOf|lower body
mink|squirrel|AtLocation|underground
rattlesnake|wasp|IsA|colorful 
beetle|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
mother|woman|IsA|head
spider|worm|IsA|bug
wheelbarrow|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
boat|jeep|UsedFor|farming
dress|skirt|AtLocation|foot
coconut|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
banana|coconut|IsA|fruit
house|gate|UsedFor|relaxing
chocolate|sauce|UsedFor|dessert
rabbit|raccoon|HasA|hooves
raccoon|mink|IsA|herbivore
tuba|bagpipe|HasA|strings
dog|donkey|UsedFor|food products
fan|radio|IsA|electric 
radio|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
dress|coat|IsA|an accessory
shrimp|crab|HasA|shell
dishwasher|kettle|HasProperty|electrically powered
corn|beans|HasProperty|green (most part)
bison|elephant|UsedFor|riding
trousers|skirt|AtLocation|on lower body
falcon|eagle|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
rabbit|deer|IsA|teeth
kidney|nail|AtLocation|on your head
arm|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist
camel|cart|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
rope|plug|UsedFor|dispensing water
rabbit|cat|IsA|common pet
arm|neck|MadeOf|upper body parts
coconut|olive|HasProperty|green
floor|ceiling|IsA|part of a building
coat|gown|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
spatula|pencil|IsA|construction tool
wheel|tank|UsedFor|eating
spoon|colander|UsedFor|stirring
frog|camel|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
man|girl|IsA|family member
cannon|screws|IsA|vessel
aunt|mother|IsA|female
goat|bison|HasA|hooves
crocodile|cheetah|IsA|has horns
caterpillar|worm|IsA|plant
clamp|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
hyena|giraffe|IsA|has horns
necklace|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
house|hut|IsA|religious place
strawberry|orange|HasA|edible skin
daughter|father|IsA|title
cello|tuba|HasA|keys
pineapple|banana|HasProperty|yellow
bolts|tape|IsA|digital device
coconut|raspberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
duck|lamb|IsA|food
aunt|actress|UsedFor|transportation
soup|salad|HasA|vegetables
tomato|lemon|HasProperty|green
shoulder|neck|UsedFor|a fight
orange|lemon|IsA|vegetable
coyote|elk|CapableOf|go underground
pine|birch|IsA|weapon
tiger|zebra|HasA|4 legs
elbow|thigh|CapableOf|carrying objects
ant|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
hare|mole|HasProperty|4 letters long
potatoes|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
bike|canoe|AtLocation|in there
fawn|deer|CapableOf|live in water
giraffe|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
frog|squirrel|IsA|plant
raccoon|skunk|HasA|big ears
apartment|hut|IsA|religious place
mother|daughter|IsA|male
mink|squirrel|MadeOf|green
knees|toe|AtLocation|on lower body
hose|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
asparagus|lobster|IsA|mollusk
leg|thigh|HasA|nails
screwdriver|pen|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
spatula|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
screwdriver|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
aunt|father|IsA|family member
mixer|rock|IsA|digital device
accordion|harpsichord|HasA|neck
throat|lips|CapableOf| taste
drill|comb|CapableOf|to paint
cat|rabbit|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
pants|coat|CapableOf|be worn
toe|wrist|IsA|plural
pigeon|eagle|IsA|alive 
building|hut|IsA|component of a home
coconut|orange|HasProperty|green
coyote|fawn|HasA|hair/fur
skirt|trousers|AtLocation|foot
woman|princess|IsA|car
tuba|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
elephant|squirrel|CapableOf|jump
canoe|truck|AtLocation|in there
wheel|grenade|CapableOf|use electricity
starling|stork|HasA|large wing span
rope|clamp|IsA|related to music 
freezer|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
otter|skunk|HasA|long tail
spatula|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
arm|fingers|IsA|joint
screws|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
jeep|truck|UsedFor|land suitable one
closet|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
pliers|comb|CapableOf|to paint
rabbit|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
clock|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
beaver|skunk|HasA|horn
peach|plum|IsA|fruit
barrel|rifle|CapableOf|be used in home
elephant|cow|AtLocation|jungle
wheel|pipe|MadeOf|wood
bison|crocodile|HasA|antlers/tusks
wheel|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
lime|lemon|CapableOf|delicious
oven|rocker|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
aunt|mother|HasA|green item of clothing
mole|porcupine|CapableOf|hunt other animals
hand|fingers|AtLocation|below where a watch is
hand|finger|PartOf|building
chandelier|cigarette|CapableOf|give off light/glow
ant|beetle|HasA|wings
bagpipe|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
bolts|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
trousers|jeans|PartOf|pair
duck|kite|CapableOf|fly
nose|tongue|IsA|(one of five) human senses
yacht|jeep|UsedFor|farming
orange|cherry|PartOf|eating
bathroom|room|CapableOf|be opened/closed
tiger|horse|HasA|long neck
pony|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
milk|sauce|IsA|liquid
fridge|blender|PartOf|kitchen appliance
woodpecker|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
finger|lips|IsA|part of the body
garlic|lime|MadeOf|juice making
pants|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
nurse|girl|IsA|head
peach|plum|HasProperty|yellow
hand|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
broom|bayonet|HasProperty|alive
girl|nurse|IsA|noun
rabbit|mink|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
hawk|pigeon|IsA|alive 
chisel|stick|CapableOf|writing
pear|raspberry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
father|boy|CapableOf|become pregnant 
deck|walls|PartOf|human body
typewriter|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
ant|beetle|HasProperty|typically able to fly
olive|beans|IsA|fruit
cabin|apartment|HasA|start with a b
raft|canoe|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
tuna|perch|IsA|water animal
deck|walls|PartOf|building
toaster|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
lobster|shrimp|AtLocation|on a farm
sink|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
mink|rabbit|AtLocation|on tree
gown|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
barrel|bolts|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
porcupine|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
sink|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
toilet|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
eel|trout|AtLocation|at sea
rifle|cannon|UsedFor|work
harp|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
mother|girlfriend|HasProperty|exclusively female
nail|blood|IsA|limb
deer|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
mixer|hose|MadeOf|metal
rocket|wheel|IsA|firearm
house|cabin|IsA|place to live permanently
elephant|squirrel|HasA|trunk
finger|wrist|PartOf|upper body
uncle|prince|AtLocation|royal meeting room
toaster|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
ceiling|window|HasProperty|enclosed
goat|duck|IsA|fruit or vegetable
dress|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
cottage|chapel|UsedFor|relaxing
milk|chocolate|UsedFor|dessert
olive|lemon|HasA|eatable shell or peel
floor|tower|PartOf|human body
necklace|cigarette|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
building|apartment|HasProperty|for the rich
rocket|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
sister|actress|AtLocation|in a castle
pliers|razor|UsedFor|crafts
bean|steak|IsA|liquid
beetle|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
sparrow|starling|HasProperty|a predator
squirrel|skunk|IsA|animal with long ears
crocodile|alligator|HasProperty|poisonous
bison|dog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
raccoon|coyote|IsA|herbivore
celery|avocado|HasProperty|something people usually eat raw
cherry|banana|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
brush|spatula|IsA|construction tool
room|window|AtLocation|on the outside of building
rope|plate|CapableOf|use electricity
alligator|crocodile|HasProperty|dangerous
squirrel|cat|IsA|household pet
eye|toe|AtLocation|below the knee
gun|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
colander|sink|HasA|electrical parts
cranberry|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
starling|dove|CapableOf|be a household pet
ankle|arm|IsA|limb
scissors|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
aunt|wife|PartOf|close blood relative
hut|barn|IsA|religious place
cannon|barrel|HasProperty|tiger
eagle|pelican|HasA|wings
cow|pony|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tomato|goat|MadeOf|red
microwave|oven|UsedFor|cooking food
spider|wasp|IsA|plant
camel|deer|UsedFor|a source of milk
wheel|tank|AtLocation|in water
bedroom|wall|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
knife|scissors|PartOf|drawing
princess|boy|IsA|profession
knife|scissors|CapableOf|writing
lime|olive|UsedFor|testy
wine|beer|HasProperty|a liquid
pear|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
church|inn|IsA|public building (typically)
dove|kite|HasA|large wing span
gate|tent|IsA|relatively small
salad|butter|UsedFor|dessert
skunk|mink|MadeOf|green
tap|bolts|UsedFor|entertainment
otter|mink|MadeOf|green
belt|screws|HasA|number on it
banjo|piano|MadeOf|strings
rabbit|tomato|IsA|food
jeep|car|AtLocation|in there
woman|actress|UsedFor|food
neck|toe|PartOf|the upper body
cockroach|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
elephant|bison|HasA|antler
scarf|skirt|UsedFor|wearing
shrimp|perch|AtLocation|on a farm
coconut|lemon|HasProperty|sweet
comb|knife|CapableOf|writing
dishwasher|microwave|PartOf|kitchen appliance
girlfriend|wife|HasA|blood relation with you
zebra|camel|UsedFor|eating
leg|knee|AtLocation|upper body
mole|mink|IsA|animal with long ears
wife|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
curtains|cupboard|UsedFor|lighting
rope|hose|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
stick|crayon|CapableOf|be used for hair
steak|bacon|HasProperty|mainly meat
daughter|aunt|HasProperty|royalty
yacht|jeep|MadeOf|metal
mother|man|HasA|friends on it
cigarette|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
rock|hose|IsA|related to music 
squirrel|worm|AtLocation|nature
jeans|shoes|PartOf|lower waistline
mole|skunk|IsA|predator
saxophone|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
blender|microwave|AtLocation|on a countertop
brush|screwdriver|AtLocation|construction site
hand|fingers|PartOf|room
coyote|mole|HasA|horn
scarf|blouse|IsA|home appliance
tank|cannon|CapableOf|transport liquids
shirt|dress|AtLocation|on your upper torso
clamp|rock|UsedFor|a vehicle
knife|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
kettle|dishwasher|CapableOf|be plugged in
corn|beans|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
jacket|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
dog|cat|HasA|paws
grenade|barrel|CapableOf|use electricity
bed|sofa|UsedFor|sleep
spider|worm|IsA|crustecean
neck|ankle|HasA|bones
asparagus|perch|IsA|mollusk
caterpillar|beetle|HasA|legs, six or more
inn|apartment|HasA|start with a b
inn|bungalow|IsA|religious place
plum|banana|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
pliers|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
goat|camel|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
alligator|squirrel|HasA| 4 limbs
tape|rock|IsA|related to music 
saucer|bowl|CapableOf|fly
plug|tap|HasA|a type of metal
fingers|neck|PartOf|pair
horse|sheep|IsA|typical pet
crocodile|gorilla|PartOf|the cat family
colander|ladle|MadeOf|steel mostly
truck|car|UsedFor|eating
shoulder|neck|UsedFor|walking
bolts|hose|IsA|digital device
dove|sparrow|CapableOf|be a household pet
kite|eagle|HasA|large wingspan
nurse|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
soup|sandwich|HasA|vegetables
cherry|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
olive|beans|HasA|seeds
beaver|mole|HasA|horn
bowl|helicopter|HasA|wings
squirrel|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bed|bedroom|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
oven|toaster|CapableOf|be plugged in
actress|wife|IsA|profession
rattlesnake|elephant|IsA|amphibian
cousin|father|AtLocation|in a royal family
pistol|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
donkey|horse|UsedFor|a mode of transport
elbow|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
rocker|magazine|IsA|electric 
jeans|skirt|AtLocation|foot
bagpipe|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
pelican|eagle|CapableOf|fly
ladle|dishwasher|CapableOf|make things cold
microwave|rock|CapableOf|working
bed|house|IsA|permanent structure
elephant|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
spoon|ladle|UsedFor|stirring
sink|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
flute|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
spatula|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
squirrel|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
toe|nail|IsA|limb
crocodile|cart|AtLocation|in africa
tank|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
snail|wasp|IsA|plant
eye|leg|HasA|bones
skirt|coat|UsedFor|covering legs
porcupine|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
grenade|barrel|HasA|finger trigger
rabbit|dog|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
pipe|rope|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
kite|dove|HasA|large wing span
pear|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
king|cousin|IsA|man
door|bed|UsedFor|making food
drill|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
chandelier|scarf|UsedFor|lighting
boat|car|UsedFor|delivering parcels
dishwasher|sink|CapableOf|hold water
zebra|cart|HasA|long neck
wife|mother|IsA|car
nurse|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
stove|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
sugar|bean|IsA|liquid
floor|tower|AtLocation|above your head
scarf|candle|UsedFor|lighting
elbow|wrist|IsA|plural
pants|blouse|IsA|accessory
bone|leg|IsA|part of the skeleton
peach|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
camel|giraffe|AtLocation|in water
pliers|spatula|PartOf|drawing
gun|grenade|HasA|trigger
olive|lime|IsA|vegetable
coyote|hare|CapableOf|hunt other animals
throat|brow|CapableOf| taste
cloak|umbrella|UsedFor|protection
kettle|stove|UsedFor|storing food 
barn|building|AtLocation|at your home
closet|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
boat|airplane|CapableOf|transport ships
bolts|faucet|IsA|related to music 
celery|corn|IsA|vegetable
elephant|elk|HasA|horn or antler
cousin|princess|IsA|direct relation
finger|arm|HasA|more than one joint
chandelier|lantern|MadeOf|metal
neck|fingers|UsedFor|holding an apple
horse|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
spatula|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
vulture|eagle|PartOf|wild life
banana|coconut|HasA|stone 
truck|tractor|AtLocation|in there
chisel|knife|HasA|sharp cutting edge
finger|neck|MadeOf|a whole body part
tank|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
squirrel|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
rabbit|porcupine|PartOf|herd
radio|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
plum|pear|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
throat|tongue|IsA|part of the body
owl|buzzard|CapableOf|be a household pet
hose|faucet|UsedFor|water
rope|rifle|IsA|vessel
frog|turtle|CapableOf|flying
tiger|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
pipe|hose|UsedFor|daily usage 
thermometer|tray|IsA|source of light
aunt|girl|HasProperty|male
hose|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
faucet|hose|UsedFor|water
eel|perch|HasA|legs/tentacles 
rabbit|hare|CapableOf|live in water
worker|man|IsA|female (strictly)
horse|donkey|HasA|paws
mink|hare|HasA|hair/fur
magazine|bolts|IsA|related to music 
caterpillar|cat|HasA|walking
crayon|spatula|MadeOf|writing
actress|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
cloak|umbrella|IsA|logo
horse|elephant|IsA|an animal
frog|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
radio|stereo|CapableOf|directly make sound(using speakers)
camel|cat|HasProperty|fluffy
grenade|shotgun|UsedFor|work
jet|bowl|CapableOf|fly
crab|perch|IsA|fish
rattlesnake|beaver|HasA|horn
butterfly|caterpillar|IsA|bug
scooter|wheel|MadeOf|metal
drill|stick|CapableOf|writing
ant|beetle|IsA|plant
aunt|princess|IsA|car
toaster|door|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
liquor|whisky|IsA|liquid
tape|faucet|IsA|digital device
toe|shoulder|PartOf|upper body
rock|fan|MadeOf|metal/steel
lantern|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
hare|rabbit|IsA|predator
blood|bone|IsA|limb
cranberry|pear|HasProperty|yellow
wrist|fingers|PartOf|lower body
shoulder|wrist|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
porcupine|squirrel|AtLocation|underground
rabbit|cat|HasA|horn on head
apartment|inn|IsA|permanent structure
skirt|socks|PartOf|lower waistline
worm|snail|HasA|no legs
drill|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for drawing
girlfriend|nurse|IsA|family member
vulture|pelican|PartOf|wild life
coyote|groundhog|CapableOf|hunt other animals
oven|kettle|IsA|electrical appliance
mouse|squirrel|PartOf|jumping
paintbrush|stick|PartOf|drawing
cabin|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
paintbrush|pen|CapableOf|get smaller as it's used
wrist|elbow|MadeOf|upper body parts
peach|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
raccoon|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
wheel|scooter|IsA|powered vehicle
coat|jacket|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
walls|bar|HasA|diagram on it
hyena|elephant|MadeOf|a living thing
skirt|coat|CapableOf|be worn
harp|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
king|prince|IsA|female
flute|accordion|HasA|strings
pistol|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
brow|lips|PartOf|face
crayon|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
pigeon|eagle|CapableOf|fly
church|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
blender|fridge|UsedFor|cooking food
room|roof|PartOf|body
cockroach|butterfly|CapableOf|flying
cousin|mother|IsA|profession
pen|chisel|MadeOf|writing
bone|neck|IsA|on the lower half 
skirt|dress|HasProperty|worn on the neck
cupboard|wall|CapableOf|be used to sleep
hair|skin|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
garlic|plum|IsA|red  or orang
plum|prune|PartOf|a red the color of
buzzard|woodpecker|CapableOf|be a household pet
bathroom|floor|HasProperty|vertical
wheelbarrow|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
plug|fan|CapableOf|make or play music
pants|skirt|AtLocation|on lower body
muscle|nail|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
raspberry|pear|HasA|usually inedible skin
pants|coat|HasA|wheel
tractor|raft|AtLocation|in there
pigeon|duck|IsA|bird of prey
tape|plug|HasProperty|round shaped
rattlesnake|deer|CapableOf|go underground
mirror|candle|HasProperty|something to be worn
roof|ceiling|IsA|part of a building
rope|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
wheelbarrow|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
salad|potatoes|IsA|meat
plate|drill|CapableOf|transport liquids
skateboard|skis|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
squirrel|hare|IsA|otter
perch|catfish|IsA|card facing left
beetle|squirrel|AtLocation|nature
camel|elephant|AtLocation|in africa
finger|neck|PartOf|pair
jacket|socks|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
pants|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
rope|stereo|UsedFor|can your card used home
paintbrush|pliers|MadeOf|writing
screws|pipe|MadeOf|metal/steel
gun|grenade|IsA|weapon
pipe|screws|AtLocation|at home
trombone|bagpipe|IsA|wind instrument
wheelbarrow|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
hand|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
forearm|hand|HasProperty|lower body
elk|rabbit|IsA|mammal
porcupine|mole|AtLocation|on tree
screwdriver|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
alligator|iguana|HasA|trunk
lantern|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
pliers|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
woodpecker|dove|HasA|large wing span
sofa|bed|UsedFor|sleep
pigeon|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
cranberry|garlic|HasA|stone 
woman|nurse|HasProperty|a picture of a female
tray|mirror|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
grenade|cannon|HasA|caterpillar treads
boy|woman|UsedFor|transportation
pencil|knife|CapableOf|print
skunk|mole|HasA|big ears
sailboat|canoe|CapableOf|roll
spider|ant|HasProperty|an insect
avocado|strawberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
woman|cousin|PartOf|hospital staff
tower|roof|CapableOf|be opened/closed
mirror|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
crocodile|donkey|HasA|fur
pony|sheep|IsA|typical pet
building|house|IsA|permanent structure
tap|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
pony|deer|AtLocation|pet store
snail|ant|HasA|walking
pistol|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
forearm|arm|AtLocation|upper body
hose|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
cat|mouse|CapableOf|kill a human
cannon|wheel|IsA|vessel
tape|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
brother|son|IsA|title
sister|princess|IsA|profession
metal|tin|CapableOf|burn
grapefruit|lemon|HasA|usually inedible skin
beaver|mole|CapableOf|hunt other animals
trousers|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
salmon|mackerel|AtLocation|at sea
trumpet|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
grapefruit|pear|IsA|long fruit
olive|garlic|IsA|fruit
goat|cow|CapableOf|be domesticated
princess|wife|HasProperty|male
cockroach|moth|IsA|plant
rock|tape|IsA|electric 
tape|fan|CapableOf|make sound
catfish|salmon|HasA|red shell when cooked
squid|shrimp|HasA|legs/tentacles 
lantern|lamp|MadeOf|glass
tap|faucet|UsedFor|dispensing water
potato|chicken|IsA|food
salmon|trout|HasA|legs
butterfly|wasp|HasProperty|typically able to fly
wasp|ant|HasA|walking
camel|cougar|IsA|has horns
cherry|cheese|PartOf|eating
neck|toe|CapableOf|carrying objects
bolts|wheel|UsedFor|a vehicle
paintbrush|pen|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
coyote|hare|HasA|hair/fur
eggplant|garlic|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
bungalow|building|AtLocation|at your home
catfish|squid|AtLocation|at sea
wrist|arm|HasProperty|lower body
spatula|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
sheep|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
pants|jeans|HasA|two seperate pant legs
fridge|blender|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
canoe|boat|UsedFor|eating
chocolate|sugar|UsedFor|recipes 
rattlesnake|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
coat|scarf|MadeOf|threads
orange|garlic|UsedFor|testy
coconut|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
canoe|boat|HasProperty|usually a large size
daughter|king|IsA|family member
screws|tank|HasProperty|circular
bison|deer|IsA|type of big cat
plate|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
hare|mole|CapableOf|climb trees
tray|closet|UsedFor|making food
scooter|skis|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
chandelier|clock|IsA|home appliance
potato|goat|HasProperty|red
man|boy|IsA|job or profession
rifle|gun|CapableOf|fire bullets
pony|camel|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
caribou|elephant|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
colander|spoon|HasProperty|using electricity
hut|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
lamp|chandelier|CapableOf|be set alight with match
plum|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
tomato|garlic|IsA|fruit
plum|cherry|HasA|edible skin (usually)
chandelier|lantern|UsedFor|wearing
coat|blouse|IsA|accessory
mink|raccoon|IsA|mink
cousin|woman|IsA|profession
bike|truck|UsedFor|eating
caribou|elk|HasA|antler
drill|bolts|UsedFor|restraining things
hose|clamp|CapableOf|make sound
tray|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cherry|orange|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
father|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
squirrel|elephant|HasProperty|four-legged
corn|broccoli|UsedFor|cleaning
cottage|barn|AtLocation|at your home
banana|cherry|IsA|more than one fruit
butter|wine|IsA|alcohol
giraffe|zebra|AtLocation|in africa
butterfly|snail|IsA|plant
pants|shoes|AtLocation|upper part of body
cello|harp|IsA|wind instrument
coat|pants|CapableOf|be worn
tower|deck|HasA|diagram on it
wife|woman|UsedFor|transportation
ant|cat|PartOf|water
boat|car|AtLocation|in there
apartment|barn|IsA|red home
clarinet|trumpet|CapableOf|be played with mouth
beetle|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
crayon|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
sister|cousin|IsA|profession
porcupine|mole|HasA|long ears
tray|candle|CapableOf|be worn
rabbit|elk|CapableOf|live in water
inn|house|UsedFor|relaxing
kite|seagull|HasA|large wing span
scissors|pen|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
oven|microwave|MadeOf|steel
faucet|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
rock|rope|IsA|digital device
sack|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
curtains|bedroom|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
scissors|crayon|CapableOf|print
hut|cottage|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
skis|wheel|HasA|wheels
turtle|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
brush|scissors|CapableOf|be used for drawing
barn|apartment|MadeOf|one or more rooms
groundhog|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
knee|shoulder|IsA|joint
father|cousin|IsA|royalty
rabbit|goat|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
wheel|screws|CapableOf|be used in home
elephant|tiger|HasA|horn
tap|fan|MadeOf|metal
chicken|shrimp|HasA|legs
zebra|asparagus|IsA|fish
shoes|boots|PartOf|pair
chisel|brush|PartOf|drawing
tower|deck|PartOf|building
camel|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
stick|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
ankle|knees|HasProperty|below the waist 
elbow|shoulder|HasProperty|something humans have two of
kite|vulture|HasA|start with a p
rock|plug|IsA|digital device
ceiling|bathroom|CapableOf|be used home
horse|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
porcupine|squirrel|HasA|long ears
cougar|hyena|IsA|violent creature
duck|pigeon|IsA|bird of prey
grenade|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
bolts|clamp|MadeOf|paper
girlfriend|nurse|HasA|a blood relation with you
pencil|typewriter|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
barrel|screws|CapableOf|be used in home
skunk|mole|AtLocation|water usually
harmonica|flute|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
drill|chisel|UsedFor|writing
actress|boy|IsA|noun
spatula|knife|CapableOf|make holes 
inn|tent|HasA|start with a b
asparagus|crab|HasA|fins
donkey|pony|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
cannon|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
boat|ship|CapableOf|fly
catfish|perch|HasA|fins
porcupine|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
fan|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rabbit|squirrel|CapableOf|running fast
gun|grenade|HasProperty|tiger
squirrel|snail|IsA|amphibian
hose|bolts|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
rattlesnake|frog|IsA|insect
eye|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
bolts|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
plug|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
thigh|leg|IsA|plural
knife|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for hair
banana|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
hare|mink|HasA|hair/fur
olive|cherry|IsA|fruit
groundhog|porcupine|HasA|long ear
duck|vulture|CapableOf|fly
cupboard|door|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
celery|beans|UsedFor|cleaning
octopus|eel|AtLocation|at sea
raspberry|pear|IsA|long fruit
helicopter|airplane|AtLocation|on water
bed|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
squirrel|frog|AtLocation|nature
liver|kidney|AtLocation|on the inside
skunk|squirrel|HasProperty|4 letters long
sheep|cat|CapableOf|be domesticated
bungalow|bed|HasA|start with a b
bridge|house|AtLocation|at your home
pepper|onions|IsA|fruit
gate|church|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
bone|eye|HasA|bones
skunk|deer|CapableOf|go underground
frog|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
wasp|frog|IsA|plant
razor|brush|HasProperty|cutting
gun|grenade|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
giraffe|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
mother|man|IsA|noun
toilet|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
rabbit|otter|IsA|sad
zebra|camel|HasA|horn
actress|nurse|CapableOf|bear a child
brush|screwdriver|IsA|cuting
plate|tray|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
harpsichord|bagpipe|HasA|strings
bison|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
trout|perch|IsA|one syllable word
elephant|snail|CapableOf|be found in the water
colander|sink|CapableOf|be held in your hand
cabin|house|IsA|religious place
pants|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
actress|daughter|HasProperty|male
eagle|vulture|IsA|alive 
clamp|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
father|daughter|IsA|car
banjo|trombone|UsedFor|sound
rabbit|cat|IsA|something a farmer would own
bolts|cannon|CapableOf|transport liquids
neck|throat|AtLocation|below mouth
rifle|grenade|UsedFor|work
trumpet|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
elephant|deer|IsA|teeth
woman|nurse|IsA|male
rifle|pipe|CapableOf|be used in home
stick|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
broom|spade|HasProperty|alive
stork|buzzard|CapableOf|be a household pet
princess|actress|IsA|family member
hawk|owl|HasProperty|a predator
harmonica|guitar|UsedFor|sound
wrist|arm|AtLocation|upper body
closet|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
pants|dress|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
neck|hand|AtLocation|below waist
pipe|plate|CapableOf|store or transport water
beaver|mink|HasA|hooves
daughter|cousin|AtLocation|in a castle
foot|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
stereo|tap|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
hawk|pigeon|HasA|start with a p
bayonet|spade|UsedFor|sleeping
horse|donkey|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
whisky|beer|IsA|diary food
camel|horse|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
clarinet|saxophone|IsA|instrument
hand|wrist|AtLocation|upper body
deer|goat|AtLocation|pet store
bedroom|apartment|PartOf|set of furniture
shield|umbrella|HasProperty|something that can be worn
raccoon|skunk|PartOf|herd
sheep|cow|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
giraffe|bison|IsA|type of big cat
fridge|dishwasher|IsA|larger than a child
spider|snail|HasProperty|typically able to fly
shotgun|rifle|CapableOf|blow things up
beetle|ant|IsA|bug
church|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
buggy|truck|HasA|two rows of seats
rabbit|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
camel|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
tape|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
chisel|typewriter|UsedFor|crafts
worker|mother|UsedFor|transportation
doctor|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
goat|cow|IsA|something a farmer would own
alligator|rabbit|HasA|horn
pony|dog|HasProperty|fluffy
girl|woman|CapableOf|bear a child
camel|elk|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
raccoon|squirrel|AtLocation|carnivorous
toe|knee|HasProperty|lower body
horse|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
flea|spider|HasA|wings
rope|drill|UsedFor|daily usage 
brush|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
harp|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
woman|worker|IsA|person
pear|pineapple|IsA|fruit
fingers|arm|PartOf|building
worker|boy|IsA|car
gown|pants|PartOf|lower waistline
trousers|bag|HasA|wheel
frog|elephant|IsA|common pet
cigarette|candle|UsedFor|wearing
alligator|rattlesnake|HasA|four feet
spoon|sink|HasProperty|consuming electricity
pelican|hawk|HasA|wings
frog|cow|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
raccoon|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
lemon|orange|UsedFor|testy
bedroom|tent|IsA|religious place
elk|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
son|brother|IsA|family member
bolts|plate|UsedFor|harm
sister|mother|HasA|child
fridge|kettle|HasProperty|electrically powered
coconut|pineapple|IsA|citrus fruit
pony|dog|IsA|something a farmer would own
window|roof|CapableOf|be used home
squirrel|porcupine|AtLocation|on tree
piano|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
cousin|uncle|AtLocation|in a royal family
spider|cat|IsA|colorful 
fawn|deer|PartOf|herd
mixer|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
hose|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
neck|body|HasA|bones
chandelier|lamp|CapableOf|generate light
bathroom|ceiling|PartOf|body
saxophone|flute|HasA|start with a t
whisky|steak|IsA|diary food
car|tank|HasA|wheels
frog|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
soup|supper|HasA|meat
harpsichord|piano|HasA|ivory keys
sack|bag|IsA|an accessory
stork|duck|HasProperty|a predator
bed|oak|AtLocation|inside
turtle|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
deer|horse|AtLocation|pet store
plum|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
knee|thigh|AtLocation|on lower body
actress|worker|UsedFor|food
tomato|orange|HasProperty|sweet
raspberry|prune|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
bag|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
kettle|blender|CapableOf|keep food fresh
mole|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
catfish|salmon|HasA|legs/tentacles 
donkey|cat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
nurse|father|HasProperty|a picture of a female
milk|potatoes|UsedFor|dessert
lantern|chandelier|HasProperty|quite small
rattlesnake|frog|CapableOf|flying
bungalow|church|IsA|permanent structure
blender|dishwasher|HasProperty|using electricity
radio|stereo|UsedFor|listening to music
coconut|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
flute|harpsichord|HasA|strings
horse|donkey|HasProperty|fluffy
finger|leg|IsA|body part
milk|salad|AtLocation|in the ground
ceiling|room|UsedFor|defense
corn|broccoli|IsA|fruit
gorilla|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
sofa|curtains|UsedFor|sleep
cannon|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
eye|toe|IsA|on the lower half 
cat|butterfly|IsA|plant
cow|cat|HasA|eating
pigeon|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
toilet|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
father|cousin|HasProperty|a family member
hand|arm|HasA|more than one joint
mink|raccoon|HasA|long tail
banana|plum|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
scissors|razor|IsA|construction tool
spatula|drill|CapableOf|to paint
olive|lime|UsedFor|testy
crocodile|elephant|IsA|teeth
floor|bathroom|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
beetle|caterpillar|IsA|insect
knife|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
rabbit|raccoon|IsA|sad
microwave|oven|CapableOf|be use for transportation
bedroom|door|CapableOf|open/close
spider|moth|HasProperty|an insect
deer|tiger|IsA|typical pet
butterfly|worm|IsA|slow mover
buggy|jeep|UsedFor|farming
pants|trousers|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
brush|pliers|PartOf|drawing
barrel|rocket|UsedFor|bullets
cat|frog|IsA|bug
raft|canoe|AtLocation|in water
grapefruit|coconut|IsA|fruit
cousin|aunt|IsA|direct or immediate relation
faucet|radio|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
cranberry|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
gorilla|caribou|IsA|herbivore
gun|grenade|CapableOf|be used one-handed
pear|coconut|IsA|fruit
rabbit|otter|MadeOf|green
toe|nail|AtLocation|inside
leg|toe|AtLocation|bottom half of body
rifle|cannon|CapableOf|be used one-handed
apartment|cabin|HasA|start with a b
pen|paintbrush|HasA|keyboard
scissors|knife|CapableOf|print
freezer|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
squirrel|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
cherry|banana|HasProperty|sweet
bathroom|floor|AtLocation|above your head in general
ox|elk|MadeOf|a living thing
pipe|hose|IsA|firearm
garlic|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
tiger|cart|HasA|horn
starling|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
avocado|grapefruit|HasA|(usually) edible skin
rocker|rock|UsedFor|keeping things cool
lamb|tomato|IsA|food
window|deck|IsA|body part
plum|raspberry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
kettle|microwave|UsedFor|heating items up
squirrel|cat|CapableOf|flying
elk|hare|IsA|mammal
lemon|plum|IsA|fruit
banjo|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
coyote|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
brush|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
orange|cherry|CapableOf|spices
lemon|cherry|UsedFor|testy
tiger|cat|UsedFor|human transport
gate|bed|AtLocation|at your home
arm|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
mole|elk|IsA|herbivore
salad|potatoes|IsA|colour red
blouse|shirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
pen|scissors|PartOf|what is the name of 
buggy|car|HasA|an engine
raspberry|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
brush|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
room|window|PartOf|house
mink|porcupine|AtLocation|carnivorous
house|church|UsedFor|relaxing
lamp|lantern|CapableOf|give off light/glow
tractor|car|UsedFor|eating
coat|gown|HasProperty|worn below the waist
gun|rifle|CapableOf|fire bullets
dishwasher|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
typewriter|scissors|IsA|cuting
bone|eye|AtLocation|below your waist
donkey|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
moth|squirrel|HasA|walking
stick|pliers|CapableOf|print
owl|pigeon|CapableOf|be a household pet
chicken|squid|HasA|legs
blood|neck|AtLocation|on head
banana|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
chocolate|bean|IsA|meat
window|floor|PartOf|another card 
faucet|bolts|MadeOf|metal
squirrel|porcupine|CapableOf|hunt other animals
groundhog|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
fingers|shoulder|PartOf|upper body
groundhog|rabbit|AtLocation|carnivorous
seagull|kite|CapableOf|be a household pet
walls|window|AtLocation|above your head
cat|mouse|PartOf|jumping
rocket|gun|CapableOf|be launched/fired
snail|beetle|IsA|slow mover
falcon|hawk|HasA|start with a p
wheel|strainer|HasProperty|part of a car
leg|elbow|UsedFor|a fight
wheelbarrow|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
vulture|falcon|PartOf|wild life
coyote|beaver|HasA|hair/fur
truck|bike|UsedFor|land suitable one
flea|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
body|bone|HasA|bones
chandelier|lamp|UsedFor|a light source
girl|woman|IsA|male
pineapple|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
car|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
trumpet|clarinet|HasA|valves
kettle|pot|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
duck|seagull|HasA|large wing span
donkey|horse|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
wasp|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
pear|banana|HasProperty|yellow
grenade|barrel|HasA|wheels
sister|actress|HasA|child
cockroach|caterpillar|HasA|wings
tank|screws|MadeOf|metal
typewriter|comb|AtLocation|construction site
glass|skunk|IsA|bottle
leg|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
beaver|raccoon|CapableOf|climb trees
cousin|father|HasProperty|an older relative
spider|butterfly|IsA|bug
rabbit|cow|IsA|carnivore 
tap|clamp|MadeOf|paper
hand|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
dishwasher|fridge|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
thigh|toe|IsA|limb
oven|rock|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
clock|blouse|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
salad|sugar|UsedFor|desserts
mink|paper|CapableOf|burn
pear|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
hare|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
tuba|bagpipe|HasA|reed to make it work
frog|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
stick|comb|HasProperty|cutting
dress|pants|HasProperty|worn on the neck
truck|car|UsedFor|single person transport
tower|roof|HasProperty|vertical
woman|worker|IsA|noun
squirrel|raccoon|AtLocation|underground
leg|toe|HasProperty|has five toes
skis|bike|HasProperty|consuming fuel
elk|elephant|HasA|horn or antler
fridge|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
squirrel|elephant|IsA|amphibian
dog|cat|UsedFor|human transport
salmon|cod|HasA|red shell when cooked
mixer|stereo|UsedFor|electronic uses
candle|lantern|CapableOf|move
deer|bison|HasA| mane (hair on it)
actress|girl|HasA|a blood relation with you
room|deck|PartOf|house
screwdriver|brush|UsedFor|cutting
tape|plug|UsedFor|dispensing water
balloon|helicopter|CapableOf|fly
eel|cod|IsA|mollusk
salmon|tuna|IsA|mollusk
bone|kidney|AtLocation|inside
donkey|horse|UsedFor|sport
roof|floor|HasProperty|vertical
plate|bolts|CapableOf|use electricity
eye|toe|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
milk|chocolate|MadeOf|several ingredients
microwave|blender|AtLocation|on a countertop
neck|leg|PartOf|building
onions|pepper|HasProperty|green
worker|man|HasProperty|a female
wife|doctor|IsA|female
elbow|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
pipe|rope|CapableOf|use electricity
spider|cat|PartOf|jumping
father|brother|IsA|man
pants|boots|PartOf|pair
cottage|house|IsA|public building (typically)
paintbrush|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
buffalo|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
lemon|grapefruit|IsA|citrus fruit
potatoes|meat|UsedFor|recipes 
porcupine|mink|HasA|hooves
hand|fingers|AtLocation|in your upper body
garlic|corn|HasProperty|a green food
throat|neck|AtLocation|below mouth
harpsichord|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
razor|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tomato|potato|AtLocation|in water
crocodile|iguana|HasA|a shell
jeans|shoes|IsA|typically female clothing item
crayon|pen|CapableOf|to paint
owl|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
horse|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
pipe|barrel|IsA|vessel
bed|sofa|CapableOf|be used to sleep
camel|zebra|IsA|like a cat
pipe|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
horse|sheep|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
gown|shoes|PartOf|lower waistline
mother|boy|IsA|profession
rocket|cannon|CapableOf|be held in a hand
clarinet|guitar|IsA|brass instrument
zebra|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
boat|tank|UsedFor|eating
pipe|drill|IsA|firearm
skirt|trousers|IsA|worn on the lower body
hose|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
strawberry|cherry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
closet|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
building|inn|IsA|component of a home
buffalo|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
thigh|leg|IsA|upper body part
salad|meal|HasProperty|a single item
bolts|mixer|IsA|digital device
guitar|cello|HasA|strings
mother|woman|IsA|job or profession
plate|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
boat|sailboat|CapableOf|be used on snow
skunk|squirrel|IsA|mink
plate|rope|CapableOf|used in war
cottage|church|UsedFor|relaxing
elk|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
mink|elk|CapableOf|be held 
orange|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
yacht|sailboat|HasProperty|colored red
skirt|boots|UsedFor|feet protection
turtle|iguana|HasA|legs
rocker|fridge|MadeOf|maybe
pony|dog|IsA|carnivore
sheep|frog|HasA|fur
onions|broccoli|IsA|purple vegetable
door|cupboard|CapableOf|opening/closing
sink|fridge|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
walls|room|AtLocation|outside of a home
crayon|typewriter|UsedFor|driving screws
hose|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
rattlesnake|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
crocodile|zebra|HasA|trunk
beaver|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
jacket|cloak|HasProperty|something that is worn
accordion|harp|UsedFor|sound
door|bedroom|UsedFor|sleep
drill|knife|PartOf|drawing
kidney|body|AtLocation|on your head
eye|arm|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
father|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
inn|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
camel|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
pliers|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
owl|dove|CapableOf|be a household pet
corn|onions|IsA|green vegetable
eel|perch|AtLocation|on a farm
bolts|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
jacket|coat|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
plate|rocket|UsedFor|harm
gate|bridge|UsedFor|a place of worship
kite|duck|CapableOf|attack others
cow|sheep|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
brother|daughter|IsA|royalty
butter|chocolate|MadeOf|several ingredients
trout|salmon|IsA|mollusk
whisky|liquor|IsA|liquid
arm|fingers|AtLocation|in your upper body
raft|canoe|CapableOf|be used with paddles
kite|pigeon|HasA|wings
harmonica|bagpipe|IsA|wind instrument
tractor|scooter|MadeOf|metal
woodpecker|stork|HasA|large wing span
sink|ladle|HasProperty|electrically powered
cucumber|lime|IsA|fruit
peach|pineapple|IsA|fruit
gate|church|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
blouse|skirt|HasProperty|something that is worn
falcon|pelican|HasA|wings
neck|shoulder|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
soup|salad|HasProperty|smaller than your thumb
colander|spoon|HasProperty|electrically powered
toe|thigh|IsA|limb
leg|knee|PartOf|lower body
foot|toe|IsA|joint
turtle|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
plum|raspberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
fan|rope|HasA|a type of metal
garlic|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
sheep|pony|HasA| mane (hair on it)
window|bar|PartOf|building
dove|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
girl|man|IsA|noun
tank|cannon|CapableOf|blow things up
tower|roof|CapableOf|let in air
strawberry|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
peach|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
fan|plug|IsA|related to music 
elk|hyena|MadeOf|a living thing
boy|worker|IsA|male
raccoon|otter|IsA|animal with long ears
pipe|cannon|IsA|firearm
horse|elephant|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
bagpipe|harmonica|HasA|reed to make it work
screwdriver|scissors|CapableOf|be used for drawing
candle|lamp|IsA|source of light
nurse|boy|IsA|family member
raccoon|skunk|IsA|otter
camel|sheep|IsA|carnivore 
potatoes|chocolate|IsA|liquid
peach|strawberry|HasA|edible skin
actress|cousin|HasProperty|older than you
sauce|soup|HasProperty|a liquid
umbrella|cloak|IsA|logo
garlic|onions|HasProperty|a green food
woman|princess|IsA|male
whisky|wine|IsA|liquid
lamp|tray|UsedFor|wearing
hare|squirrel|HasA|big ears
raspberry|prune|PartOf|group or bunch 
scarf|chandelier|UsedFor|wearing
crayon|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
plug|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
paintbrush|knife|MadeOf|writing
pencil|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
pineapple|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
pigeon|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
inn|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
chapel|church|IsA|permanent structure
inn|bridge|UsedFor|religious gatherings
spider|snail|IsA|insect
rabbit|camel|CapableOf|be domesticated
olive|lime|CapableOf|bitter
boy|man|HasProperty|a blood relative
cherry|prune|UsedFor|smoothies
wheel|magazine|IsA|related to music 
cigarette|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
finger|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
house|church|HasA| place for worship
hare|elk|HasA|hair/fur
hyena|camel|MadeOf|a living thing
daughter|woman|HasProperty|a picture of a female
comb|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
saxophone|piano|MadeOf|wood
horse|donkey|IsA|typical pet
cousin|wife|IsA|family member
elephant|rabbit|CapableOf|jump
snail|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
onions|tomato|IsA|n animal
beaver|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
coconut|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
jacket|shirt|IsA|item of clothing
bagpipe|harp|UsedFor|sound
zebra|horse|HasA|long neck
rope|wheel|CapableOf|make sound
lime|orange|HasA|hard shell
nail|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
olive|cheese|MadeOf|juice making
hare|raccoon|UsedFor|swimming
mole|porcupine|HasA|long ear
dress|blouse|UsedFor|wearing
raccoon|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
jeep|canoe|AtLocation|in there
elbow|finger|HasProperty|upper body
elephant|crocodile|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
window|bar|PartOf|body
peach|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
fingers|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
sailboat|canoe|UsedFor|eating
paintbrush|crayon|MadeOf|only metal
gate|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
liver|leg|AtLocation|on head
spoon|colander|HasProperty|electrically powered
scissors|drill|UsedFor|writing
ant|worm|HasA|wings
eel|asparagus|IsA|black and white
cousin|wife|HasA|a blood relation with you
goat|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
neck|lips|IsA|(one of five) human senses
gown|shirt|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
leg|ceiling|PartOf|house
knee|knees|HasProperty|below the waist 
cow|rabbit|IsA|household pet
donkey|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
snail|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
dog|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
broom|bed|IsA|weapon 
tongue|nose|IsA|part of the body
harmonica|bagpipe|HasA|keys
hand|neck|PartOf|the upper body
jeans|shoes|UsedFor|warming upper body
guitar|trumpet|HasA|keyboard
neck|elbow|IsA|limb
caribou|deer|IsA|type of big cat
boy|father|HasProperty|male
crocodile|squirrel|HasA| 4 limbs
hand|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
tank|sailboat|HasA|wheels
lamp|candle|UsedFor|a light source
woman|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
coyote|rabbit|HasA|horn
moth|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
spider|ant|HasA|no legs
frog|ant|MadeOf|small animals
raccoon|hare|IsA|mammal
ladle|spoon|UsedFor|washing dishes
porcupine|squirrel|AtLocation|carnivorous
camel|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
rattlesnake|squirrel|HasA|four feet
mirror|tray|CapableOf|be worn
camel|hyena|IsA|has horns
kidney|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
walls|roof|HasProperty|indoor
pen|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
parakeet|dove|HasProperty|a predator
mole|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
donkey|cow|CapableOf|be domesticated
tape|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
mother|aunt|CapableOf|be a lady
owl|stork|CapableOf|be a household pet
wrist|elbow|HasProperty|bendable
arm|elbow|IsA|part of the skeleton
wheel|bike|HasProperty|consuming fuel
tank|strainer|HasProperty|part of a car
ant|butterfly|IsA|slow mover
grenade|wheel|CapableOf|contain water
princess|actress|IsA|profession
forearm|hand|AtLocation|in your upper body
girlfriend|actress|IsA|family member
socks|gown|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
violin|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
chocolate|sugar|IsA|meat
camel|horse|IsA|herbivore
prune|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
bed|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
garlic|prune|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
window|floor|AtLocation|above your head in general
woman|actress|IsA|family member
umbrella|cloak|HasProperty|something that is worn
rifle|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rope|tap|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
nurse|mother|UsedFor|transportation
skirt|dress|UsedFor|warming upper body
plug|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
lobster|eel|HasA|red shell when cooked
elk|fawn|IsA|herbivore
fingers|forearm|AtLocation|upper body
rocker|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
thermometer|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
neck|finger|PartOf|body
cottage|house|IsA|religious place
bolts|pistol|IsA|vessel
jeans|bag|UsedFor|transporting things
skis|scooter|HasA|an engine
nurse|woman|HasProperty|steel
elbow|shoulder|CapableOf|carrying objects
rocket|barrel|UsedFor|work
skirt|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
chocolate|milk|IsA|colour red
owl|dove|HasA|large wing span
ankle|eye|HasA|bones
hair|skin|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
potatoes|liquor|IsA|diary food
mackerel|tuna|HasA|legs
fan|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
garlic|eggplant|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
porcupine|coyote|HasA|hooves
blender|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
rattlesnake|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
deer|groundhog|IsA|herbivore
mink|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
raccoon|mink|HasA|hooves
tuba|cello|MadeOf|strings
garlic|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
spoon|blender|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
turtle|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
crocodile|cart|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
flea|beetle|HasProperty|an insect
truck|skis|AtLocation|in water
rope|barrel|UsedFor|building
hose|screws|CapableOf|used in war
olive|cheese|CapableOf|spices
jacket|dress|UsedFor|feet protection
girl|girlfriend|IsA|profession
rope|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
liquor|milk|UsedFor|drinking
rabbit|skunk|AtLocation|carnivorous
tank|scooter|HasA|wheels
snail|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
saucer|bowl|AtLocation|in water
tap|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
groundhog|mole|PartOf|herd
strawberry|orange|IsA|red  or orang
thermometer|cigarette|UsedFor|wearing
floor|walls|HasProperty|an enclosed space
chandelier|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
tap|plug|HasA|string or line
wasp|flea|MadeOf|small animals
stick|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tiger|bison|IsA|type of cat
clarinet|guitar|MadeOf|metal
squirrel|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
wasp|flea|HasProperty|an insect
vulture|pelican|HasA|long beak
body|arm|AtLocation|on head
mink|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
rabbit|squirrel|CapableOf|be held 
cupboard|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
boat|yacht|CapableOf|be used on snow
prune|cherry|UsedFor|smoothies
shoulder|neck|PartOf|upper body
necklace|lamp|CapableOf|move
princess|actress|IsA|male
flute|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
typewriter|comb|CapableOf|to paint
cigarette|lantern|AtLocation|neck
mole|squirrel|IsA|predator
beer|steak|IsA|diary food
lantern|chandelier|HasProperty|makes light
trousers|jeans|UsedFor|warming upper body
jeans|pants|IsA|worn on the lower body
cow|frog|HasA|fur
neck|ankle|CapableOf|carrying objects
skateboard|jeep|UsedFor|eating
worm|butterfly|IsA|insect
mouse|frog|AtLocation|in a house
princess|wife|HasProperty|exclusively female
rifle|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
grapefruit|lemon|IsA|citrus fruit
wheel|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
trout|tuna|AtLocation|at sea
harpsichord|piano|MadeOf|strings
lobster|crab|HasA|fins
pigeon|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
chisel|pencil|PartOf|drawing
bedroom|door|MadeOf|wood
leopard|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
elephant|cow|IsA|common pet
cabin|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
wheel|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
knife|pliers|CapableOf|print
pear|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
bathroom|floor|AtLocation|above your head
bolts|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
dishwasher|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
rabbit|tiger|HasA| mane (hair on it)
rope|plug|IsA|related to music 
buzzard|stork|HasA|large wing span
deer|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
forearm|hand|PartOf|lower body
tuba|flute|HasA|strings
onions|garlic|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
trousers|jacket|AtLocation|foot
hose|bolts|CapableOf|make sound
tongue|lips|IsA|pink face feature
coconut|lime|PartOf|eating
wasp|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
cat|goat|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
ant|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
skunk|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
buggy|tractor|HasA|wheels
pistol|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rattlesnake|mink|AtLocation|carnivorous
avocado|lime|HasProperty|green
roof|room|PartOf|building
banjo|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
woman|mother|PartOf|hospital staff
cockroach|worm|HasA|wings
actress|woman|IsA|head
hose|stereo|AtLocation|kitchen
horse|crocodile|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
helicopter|bowl|CapableOf|fly
goat|pony|HasA| mane (hair on it)
wrist|shoulder|UsedFor|holding an apple
rocket|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
saxophone|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
rocker|wheel|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
roof|room|UsedFor|defense
sauce|butter|AtLocation|in the ground
plum|raspberry|HasA|yellow color
cow|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
lips|throat|IsA|(one of five) human senses
dove|starling|CapableOf|be a household pet
chocolate|milk|CapableOf|fry
crab|zebra|HasA|red shell when cooked
sailboat|yacht|UsedFor|eating
knee|leg|HasProperty|below the waist 
beetle|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
building|hut|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
church|chapel|IsA|religion buildings
orange|lemon|HasProperty|sweet
screws|tank|HasA|round shape
plate|barrel|IsA|firearm
tape|clamp|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
trumpet|piano|HasA|keys
toe|blood|IsA|limb
supper|soup|HasA|vegetables
rocket|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
mother|daughter|CapableOf|be a lady
pen|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
crocodile|tiger|HasProperty|orange
room|tower|UsedFor|decoration
grenade|shotgun|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
deer|elk|IsA|type of big cat
frog|butterfly|IsA|plant
guitar|trombone|HasA|keys
hawk|pelican|HasA|start with a p
fan|plug|HasProperty|round shaped
sheep|cat|HasProperty|fluffy
ceiling|bathroom|HasProperty|vertical
body|kidney|AtLocation|on head
toilet|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
raspberry|grapefruit|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
camel|tiger|HasA|long neck
gun|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
trout|tuna|HasA|legs/tentacles 
muscle|bone|AtLocation|inside
neck|skin|IsA|limb
comb|typewriter|CapableOf|print
bed|building|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
lamp|candle|HasProperty|electric powered
hare|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
tap|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
giraffe|cart|CapableOf|fly
strainer|screws|MadeOf|metal/steel
boy|actress|UsedFor|transportation
body|nail|AtLocation|on you head
worm|spider|HasProperty|an insect
fridge|sink|IsA|automatic (works itself)
trombone|saxophone|CapableOf|be played with mouth
tiger|gorilla|IsA|has horns
beetle|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
drill|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
fridge|dishwasher|UsedFor|cooking food
elbow|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
clamp|rope|MadeOf|paper
girl|daughter|HasProperty|male
bison|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
elk|hare|CapableOf|go underground
woman|actress|HasProperty|a picture of a female
rattlesnake|beetle|HasA|walking
cousin|woman|HasA|a blood relation with you
elbow|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
arm|leg|PartOf|building
rope|bolts|CapableOf|transport liquids
pen|brush|IsA|cuting
stick|screwdriver|CapableOf|be used for drawing
elephant|spider|IsA|household pet
donkey|tiger|HasA| mane (hair on it)
cranberry|strawberry|AtLocation|be found on a bush
cousin|nurse|IsA|male
bacon|steak|IsA|part of a pig
stick|screwdriver|HasA|sharp edge
fan|radio|CapableOf|be turned on
bar|walls|IsA|body part
zebra|deer|IsA|predator 
stick|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
neck|fingers|PartOf|lower body
horse|camel|HasProperty|fluffy
birch|pine|MadeOf|close grained wood
beans|garlic|HasProperty|green
trousers|shirt|UsedFor|transporting things
blender|cupboard|AtLocation|on a countertop
clamp|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
wheel|strainer|MadeOf|metal
cockroach|snail|IsA|insect
wrist|forearm|AtLocation|in your upper body
truck|scooter|UsedFor|snow
truck|tractor|HasProperty|consuming fuel
typewriter|screwdriver|HasA|sharp edge
pen|brush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
foot|neck|IsA|joint
trousers|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
liver|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
microwave|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
pear|cranberry|HasA|edible skin
mixer|tap|MadeOf|paper
forearm|arm|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
deer|pony|IsA|teeth
bar|ceiling|PartOf|body
typewriter|crayon|IsA|cuting
butterfly|worm|MadeOf|small animals
frog|spider|HasA|walking
squid|lobster|IsA|black and white
accordion|flute|HasA|strings
tank|pistol|MadeOf|wood (partially)
cannon|gun|HasProperty|made for violence
boat|helicopter|IsA| mode of transportation 
wheel|barrel|AtLocation|at home
finger|arm|MadeOf|upper body parts
salad|liquor|IsA|diary food
frog|cat|HasProperty|four-legged
porcupine|deer|CapableOf|be held 
pen|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
arm|bone|HasA|bones
worm|butterfly|IsA|slow mover
girl|woman|HasA|a blood relation with you
banjo|clarinet|HasA|strings
bag|dress|HasA|sleeves
beaver|skunk|HasA|hooves
scooter|jeep|UsedFor|eating
freezer|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
elbow|forearm|PartOf|upper body
crayon|spatula|PartOf|drawing
cart|giraffe|UsedFor|broadcast
squirrel|otter|IsA|mink
tuna|catfish|HasA|shell
actress|mother|IsA|noun
frog|donkey|AtLocation|jungle
pliers|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
elbow|leg|IsA|plural
bungalow|apartment|IsA|religious place
tank|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tap|hose|CapableOf|make sound
hare|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
sink|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
camel|caribou|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
cat|pony|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
skateboard|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
screws|pipe|UsedFor|daily usage 
tape|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
cod|perch|HasA|red shell when cooked
beaver|groundhog|HasA|horn
bar|tower|UsedFor|working with computer
orange|lemon|UsedFor|testy
horse|dog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
typewriter|pen|CapableOf|be used for hair
clamp|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
bayonet|spear|IsA|weapon
comb|drill|CapableOf|writing
roof|ceiling|PartOf|human body
grapefruit|avocado|HasA|edible skin
cat|squirrel|HasA|walking
lips|brow|UsedFor|eating
woman|worker|UsedFor|food
banana|cranberry|IsA|fruit
dress|shirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
neck|forearm|MadeOf|upper body parts
cupboard|bedroom|UsedFor|lighting
arm|elbow|IsA|upper body part
harpsichord|tuba|HasA|strings
sheep|crocodile|AtLocation|jungle
rattlesnake|deer|HasProperty|living in water
tent|house|HasA|start with a b
flute|violin|UsedFor|sound
radio|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
blender|fridge|UsedFor|heating items up
neck|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
willow|broom|IsA|weapon
blender|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
raspberry|plum|HasProperty|sweet
crayon|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
zebra|crab|HasA|legs
eel|cod|HasA|legs
rabbit|frog|UsedFor|riding
crayon|pen|PartOf|drawing
asparagus|lobster|IsA|black and white
fawn|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
avocado|cucumber|IsA|fruit
wall|curtains|MadeOf|wood typically
razor|scissors|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
forearm|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
cigarette|lamp|MadeOf|metal
hare|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
frog|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
strawberry|raspberry|HasA|stone 
cherry|raspberry|IsA|long fruit
girl|man|HasA|the color brown in it
frog|deer|IsA|teeth
aunt|princess|CapableOf|become pregnant 
porcupine|mink|PartOf|herd
pepper|garlic|IsA|fruit
squid|lobster|HasA|legs
radio|rope|HasA|a type of metal
banana|grapefruit|PartOf|group or bunch 
bathroom|walls|PartOf|a house
spider|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
tiger|leopard|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
hair|toe|AtLocation|inside
cow|pony|AtLocation|pet store
cupboard|kettle|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
bolts|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
buggy|boat|HasA|an engine
camel|pony|CapableOf|bite
deck|floor|IsA|part of a building
horse|donkey|UsedFor|sport
screwdriver|typewriter|CapableOf|print
banjo|guitar|PartOf|strings
wrist|fingers|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
wasp|beetle|IsA|plant
flea|ant|IsA|bug
mole|porcupine|HasA|hooves
bagpipe|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
banana|raspberry|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
shoes|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
hare|mole|IsA|predator
asparagus|chicken|HasA|fins
forearm|arm|PartOf|lower body
ceiling|walls|UsedFor|decoration
forearm|wrist|HasA|less than three joints
plate|pipe|CapableOf|store or transport water
pony|elephant|UsedFor|human transport
shoes|dress|PartOf|lower waistline
man|worker|IsA|job or profession
pony|camel|IsA|typical pet
bison|elk|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
tray|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
flute|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
ceiling|walls|MadeOf|wood
milk|sugar|CapableOf|fry
cousin|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
plum|coconut|IsA|fruit
wheel|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
paintbrush|pencil|PartOf|what is the name of 
clock|blouse|UsedFor|wearing
cougar|camel|MadeOf|a living thing
crayon|pencil|AtLocation|construction site
cherry|olive|MadeOf|juice making
uncle|father|IsA|male
tractor|car|HasA|wheels
cat|squirrel|IsA|bug
blouse|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
pen|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mackerel|perch|HasA|legs
rock|fan|MadeOf|maybe
chisel|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
razor|brush|PartOf|drawing
screws|rope|UsedFor|daily usage 
zebra|crocodile|IsA|object
typewriter|pliers|MadeOf|writing
rocket|barrel|UsedFor|firing artillery
knife|pliers|CapableOf|writing
spatula|pencil|CapableOf|print
rattlesnake|frog|IsA|colorful 
necklace|scarf|MadeOf|/contain glass
radio|stereo|CapableOf|consume electricity
muscle|blood|AtLocation|inside
door|cupboard|UsedFor|storing things
boots|pants|IsA|typically female clothing item
princess|aunt|IsA|direct or immediate relation
tank|screws|PartOf|any of various units of 
squid|mackerel|IsA|water animal
fawn|deer|HasProperty|living in water
worker|man|HasProperty|steel
room|window|PartOf|a house
hut|cottage|IsA|component of a home
truck|yacht|AtLocation|in there
starling|kite|CapableOf|be a household pet
brother|uncle|HasProperty|an older relative
rabbit|otter|IsA|otter
apartment|bed|IsA|red home
goat|pony|HasA|horn on head
gate|house|IsA|relatively small
room|floor|PartOf|body
thermometer|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
girlfriend|woman|IsA|family member
perch|salmon|IsA|mollusk
squid|eel|IsA|black and white
wife|actress|IsA|sibling
forearm|arm|PartOf|the upper body
prune|raspberry|HasA|(usually) edible skin
foot|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
hose|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
tap|rock|UsedFor|a vehicle
fan|fridge|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
mixer|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
saxophone|clarinet|HasA|strings
tank|boat|MadeOf|metal
chisel|screwdriver|UsedFor|crafts
squirrel|mink|CapableOf|live in water
owl|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
lobster|shrimp|IsA|fish
duck|hawk|HasA|wings
beer|chocolate|IsA|diary food
guitar|trombone|HasA|keyboard
goat|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
pine|birch|HasProperty|alive
drill|knife|CapableOf|print
donkey|camel|AtLocation|pet store
perch|mackerel|AtLocation|at sea
bone|ankle|IsA|limb
worker|girl|HasProperty|steel
rope|rocket|CapableOf|contain water
cloak|skirt|UsedFor|protection
asparagus|shrimp|IsA|fish
sofa|bed|CapableOf|be used to sleep
cherry|coconut|IsA|fruit
wheel|radio|MadeOf|metal
mother|actress|MadeOf|metal
octopus|crab|IsA|black and white
caterpillar|moth|HasProperty|an insect
ankle|blood|IsA|limb
pliers|pen|AtLocation|construction site
ankle|leg|HasA|nails
porcupine|groundhog|CapableOf|attack human
boat|canoe|UsedFor|water
cherry|orange|IsA|vegetable
worker|mother|MadeOf|metal
eye|hair|AtLocation|on your head
boy|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
stick|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
door|blender|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
rabbit|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
camel|sheep|UsedFor|food products
bed|sofa|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
hose|pipe|CapableOf|be used in home
bag|trousers|HasA|wheel
worker|doctor|IsA|female
trout|eel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
wheel|bolts|MadeOf|paper
tank|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
pen|typewriter|CapableOf|print
tower|ceiling|CapableOf|be used home
wife|aunt|HasProperty|exclusively female
father|boy|IsA|male
rock|clamp|IsA|digital device
blender|microwave|IsA|electrical appliance
boy|girl|HasA|friends on it
lime|garlic|IsA|vegetable
daughter|aunt|AtLocation|in a castle
magazine|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
ox|camel|HasA|antler
wife|nurse|HasA|a blood relation with you
tent|gate|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
magazine|wheel|IsA|related to music 
pistol|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
cockroach|moth|IsA|insect
arm|shoulder|HasProperty|upper body
vulture|falcon|HasA|large wingspan
king|son|IsA|family
trombone|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
deer|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
lantern|lamp|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
donkey|bison|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
floor|ceiling|HasA|diagram on it
knife|pen|PartOf|drawing
squirrel|snail|IsA|plant
hyena|cougar|HasA|hump 
pencil|brush|MadeOf|writing
banana|coconut|HasA|usually inedible skin
camel|rabbit|IsA|typical pet
onions|avocado|IsA|purple vegetable
mink|mole|HasA|hooves
elephant|bison|IsA|predator 
canoe|boat|HasA|wheels
floor|bar|HasProperty|typically vertical
sink|colander|IsA|electric powered item
salmon|shrimp|AtLocation|at sea
alligator|rattlesnake|HasProperty|dangerous
boots|shoes|UsedFor|feet
trousers|jeans|HasA|wheel
brush|comb|UsedFor|hair
coconut|grapefruit|IsA|fruit
wheel|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
garlic|beans|UsedFor|cleaning
kettle|fridge|IsA|electrical appliance
jeep|truck|CapableOf|hold more than one person
rope|fan|CapableOf|make sound
potatoes|sugar|UsedFor|recipes 
skateboard|bike|HasA|an engine
dog|horse|IsA|teeth
flute|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
blender|dishwasher|CapableOf|hold water
soup|salad|HasA|meat
elephant|rabbit|HasA|eating
crayon|screwdriver|HasA|bushy tail
blender|dishwasher|HasProperty|consuming electricity
yacht|tank|HasA|wheels
bar|fingers|PartOf|room
lime|cherry|IsA|fruit
elk|elephant|HasA|antlers/tusks
cherry|avocado|HasA|skin you eat
radio|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
accordion|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
hose|tape|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
candle|lamp|UsedFor|lighting
banjo|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
cherry|prune|HasProperty|yellow
trumpet|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
buffalo|bison|IsA|type of big cat
fridge|oven|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
barn|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
lantern|necklace|CapableOf|move
rock|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
pipe|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
cousin|doctor|IsA|family member
microwave|oven|UsedFor|heating items up
sandwich|chocolate|IsA|diary food
spider|turtle|HasA|walking
ceiling|tower|AtLocation|at ground level
father|prince|IsA|male
pliers|drill|UsedFor|writing
toe|neck|PartOf|the upper body
tray|sink|AtLocation|on a countertop
arm|neck|HasA|nails
prune|pear|HasA|(usually) edible skin
bagpipe|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
knife|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
truck|yacht|MadeOf|metal
bathroom|bar|HasProperty|vertical
mirror|tray|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
raspberry|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
mirror|chandelier|IsA|home appliance
mink|skunk|HasA|hooves
lantern|clock|CapableOf|be worn
strawberry|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
rock|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
camel|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
clarinet|piano|IsA|wind instrument
woman|girl|HasA|pay check
camel|deer|HasA|fur
orange|tomato|IsA|citrus fruit
tank|plate|PartOf|any of various units of 
sauce|milk|UsedFor|desserts
kidney|toe|AtLocation|on head
microwave|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
mother|daughter|IsA|immediate relation with you
foot|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
lamb|goat|IsA|n animal
crayon|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
cherry|plum|IsA|long fruit
oven|microwave|UsedFor|making food
wheel|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
neck|leg|AtLocation|on your head
onions|beans|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
tongue|mouth|AtLocation|below mouth
pelican|kite|HasA|start with a p
brush|razor|IsA|construction tool
daughter|mother|PartOf|your family
bike|buggy|MadeOf|metal
fan|rocker|CapableOf|working
sink|spoon|HasProperty|using electricity
rope|rocker|MadeOf|paper
worm|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
finger|neck|UsedFor|eating
trousers|gown|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
rock|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
plum|cranberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
cottage|hut|IsA|religious place
car|wheel|AtLocation|in water
rock|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
magazine|fan|IsA|digital device
shoulder|elbow|HasA|nails
chicken|trout|IsA|mollusk
milk|beer|UsedFor|drinking
brush|screwdriver|UsedFor|cutting
scissors|comb|IsA|construction tool
sauce|wine|IsA|liquid
radio|fridge|UsedFor|keeping things cool
wheel|radio|CapableOf|provide water
trousers|pants|HasProperty|covering the legs
cranberry|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
rabbit|elephant|HasA|hooves
gun|grenade|HasProperty|longer than one foot
tape|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
trousers|sack|HasA|sleeves
meat|sugar|UsedFor|desserts
mole|porcupine|AtLocation|carnivorous
sofa|door|MadeOf|wood
hyena|camel|HasA|horns 
hawk|kite|UsedFor|a national symbol
coat|blouse|IsA|home appliance
finger|fingers|HasProperty|related with hand
pear|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
frog|elephant|IsA|household pet
butter|sandwich|IsA|meat
sofa|bed|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
beetle|spider|IsA|plant
wheel|radio|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
actress|woman|IsA|male
fingers|arm|PartOf|upper body
skin|neck|AtLocation|on head
worm|spider|HasProperty|typically able to fly
hare|mole|IsA|mink
elk|deer|AtLocation|carnivorous
kettle|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
coyote|mink|HasA|horn
garlic|corn|HasA|any green on it 
squirrel|hare|HasA|long tail
bottle|kettle|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
deer|sheep|HasA|fur
walls|tower|CapableOf|be used home
rocker|magazine|CapableOf|working
comb|pen|PartOf|drawing
hut|gate|HasA| 5 letters or less
magazine|tape|IsA|digital device
crab|chicken|HasA|red shell when cooked
toaster|blender|UsedFor|making food
bean|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
cabin|building|IsA|component of a home
hose|plug|CapableOf|make sound
turtle|squirrel|HasA|legs
bedroom|barn|PartOf|set of furniture
rabbit|chicken|HasProperty|red
truck|jeep|CapableOf|carry multiple people
kettle|blender|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
tank|boat|AtLocation|in there
spider|caterpillar|HasProperty|typically able to fly
raft|tractor|AtLocation|in there
cougar|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
knee|thigh|AtLocation|below waist
typewriter|spatula|UsedFor|hair
stereo|plug|UsedFor|can your card used home
hose|rope|UsedFor|can your card used home
avocado|cherry|IsA|vegetable
screwdriver|knife|UsedFor|writing
clock|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
wife|princess|IsA|sibling
camel|cheetah|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
tray|lamp|UsedFor|wearing
worker|woman|HasProperty|steel
sink|ladle|HasA|electrical parts
neck|elbow|MadeOf|upper body parts
harp|banjo|UsedFor|sound
pencil|spatula|PartOf|drawing
orange|lime|CapableOf|spices
spider|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
stereo|radio|CapableOf|make or play music
aunt|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
butter|sugar|UsedFor|dessert
wasp|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
wasp|butterfly|CapableOf|flying
fingers|foot|IsA|joint
pipe|hose|IsA|vessel
trombone|trumpet|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
robe|jacket|IsA|logo
trout|mackerel|HasA|legs
zebra|crocodile|AtLocation|in africa
crocodile|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
girlfriend|woman|HasProperty|female
spatula|crayon|PartOf|drawing
pony|frog|HasA|fur
stereo|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
flute|guitar|IsA|brass instrument
caribou|zebra|IsA|predator 
drill|pliers|IsA|construction tool
hare|raccoon|IsA|predator
avocado|cherry|HasProperty|sweet
starling|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
pineapple|coconut|HasA|usually inedible skin
bison|cat|IsA|teeth
throat|nose|CapableOf| taste
pony|camel|AtLocation|jungle
trumpet|cello|MadeOf|strings
bed|curtains|UsedFor|lighting
bed|bedroom|UsedFor|sleep
lime|cherry|MadeOf|juice making
screwdriver|crayon|MadeOf|only metal
horse|camel|IsA|something a farmer would own
spatula|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
beetle|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
razor|pen|CapableOf|print
plate|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
princess|daughter|IsA|car
pistol|grenade|HasA|trigger
drill|screwdriver|IsA|construction tool
hose|barrel|UsedFor|harm
frog|cat|UsedFor|human transport
blood|eye|AtLocation|on your head
tower|bathroom|UsedFor|decoration
nail|neck|AtLocation|inside
otter|skunk|IsA|animal with long ears
avocado|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
mackerel|trout|IsA|card facing left
cucumber|onions|IsA|vegetable
trousers|pants|AtLocation|above the feet
nail|kidney|HasA|bones
tent|bedroom|AtLocation|at your home
hare|beaver|AtLocation|carnivorous
princess|wife|IsA|car
groundhog|skunk|CapableOf|hunt other animals
plum|grapefruit|IsA|long fruit
sailboat|boat|CapableOf|hold more than fifty people
jeep|truck|CapableOf|carry multiple people
olive|orange|IsA|vegetable
shotgun|barrel|UsedFor|firing artillery
garlic|orange|PartOf|eating
raft|sailboat|HasA|motor
fawn|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
caribou|buffalo|HasA|horn
fingers|elbow|UsedFor|waving
shoulder|neck|CapableOf|carrying objects
tank|cannon|HasProperty|tiger
salmon|mackerel|HasA|name beginning with c
avocado|garlic|IsA|physical fruit or veg
knee|ankle|HasProperty|has five toes
orange|olive|HasA|eatable shell or peel
garlic|olive|CapableOf|bitter
mother|worker|IsA|noun
spider|caterpillar|HasA|walking
soup|sandwich|HasProperty|a single item
worker|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
coat|wheelbarrow|IsA|worn on the lower body
raccoon|squirrel|CapableOf|attack human
tray|sink|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
finger|wrist|AtLocation|in your upper body
wasp|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
wheel|sailboat|HasA|an engine
lemon|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
spade|willow|IsA|tree
walls|ceiling|IsA|part of a building
camel|bison|IsA|predator 
barrel|drill|UsedFor|daily usage 
clarinet|flute|HasA|keyboard
scissors|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
fan|radio|HasA|a type of metal
jeep|scooter|MadeOf|metal
cousin|mother|IsA|family member
eagle|vulture|HasA|start with a p
skirt|trousers|CapableOf|keep legs warm
finger|neck|IsA|part of the body
fawn|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
sink|spoon|CapableOf|hold water
coat|pants|IsA|home appliance
cod|mackerel|HasA|fins
bar|deck|IsA|part of a building
boat|helicopter|UsedFor|transportation
bedroom|bed|IsA|religious place
thigh|toe|HasProperty|upper body
knife|spatula|MadeOf|writing
raspberry|grapefruit|IsA|long fruit
faucet|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
gown|dress|HasProperty|worn by a woman
mink|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
pony|cow|HasA| mane (hair on it)
sauce|sugar|CapableOf|fry
chapel|barn|IsA|permanent structure
magazine|bolts|IsA|digital device
father|girlfriend|IsA|car
saxophone|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
trousers|skirt|CapableOf|keep legs warm
cow|camel|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
groundhog|elk|IsA|predator
hand|arm|AtLocation|below where a watch is
elephant|rabbit|HasProperty|four-legged
violin|guitar|CapableOf|easily carried around
cello|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
coconut|cranberry|HasA|stone 
finger|hand|UsedFor|holding a cup
cupboard|sink|CapableOf|can you sit on it
stick|razor|CapableOf|to paint
scooter|tractor|UsedFor|land suitable one
horse|frog|IsA|something a farmer would own
coconut|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
wheel|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
forearm|shoulder|PartOf|the upper body
rope|stereo|HasA|string or line
liver|muscle|AtLocation|in the torso
bathroom|window|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
cherry|coconut|CapableOf|spices
yacht|jeep|HasA|an engine
jeans|trousers|AtLocation|upper part of body
frog|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
trumpet|harmonica|HasA|strings
elbow|skin|AtLocation|inside
rocket|gun|IsA|vessel
bison|cougar|MadeOf|a living thing
ant|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
bolts|faucet|IsA|digital device
butterfly|moth|IsA|plant
closet|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
sauce|milk|HasProperty|alcoholic
salmon|cod|IsA|card facing left
fawn|deer|CapableOf|be held 
pistol|cannon|MadeOf|wood (partially)
cat|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
rifle|shotgun|HasA|caterpillar treads
finger|throat|HasProperty|used for tasting
knife|brush|CapableOf|print
grapefruit|raspberry|HasA|stone inside
yacht|buggy|UsedFor|farming
lemon|cheese|CapableOf|spices
wasp|frog|MadeOf|small animals
moth|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
pencil|razor|MadeOf|writing
beaver|coyote|CapableOf|hunt other animals
banana|raspberry|PartOf|group or bunch 
bone|leg|HasA|bones
church|hut|AtLocation|at your home
elk|deer|IsA|herbivore
asparagus|zebra|HasA|fins
drill|spatula|PartOf|drawing
umbrella|banner|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
eagle|falcon|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
room|tower|CapableOf|be used home
pliers|razor|CapableOf|to paint
bone|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cousin|actress|HasA|a blood relation with you
turtle|squirrel|HasProperty|four-legged
strainer|plate|UsedFor|storing wine
jeans|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
grenade|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
wall|bedroom|CapableOf|open/close
liquor|wine|IsA|liquid
trombone|flute|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
pliers|typewriter|HasA|sharp edge
knees|knee|PartOf|the upper body
frog|snail|IsA|insect
garlic|eggplant|IsA|purple vegetable
kettle|fridge|UsedFor|making food
cougar|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
sugar|liquor|IsA|diary food
salmon|catfish|IsA|one syllable word
butter|sugar|IsA|meat
eggplant|onions|IsA|green vegetable
brush|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
mackerel|perch|IsA|mollusk
frog|snail|IsA|colorful 
ant|worm|CapableOf|flying
ankle|leg|IsA|organ
jeep|car|AtLocation|in water
radio|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
banner|umbrella|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
rabbit|squirrel|HasA|hair/fur
yacht|sailboat|CapableOf|hold more than fifty people
shirt|jacket|AtLocation|on your upper torso
moth|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
wrist|hand|HasProperty|lower body
wheel|pipe|CapableOf|be used in home
rabbit|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
bagpipe|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
boy|nurse|IsA|family member
lemon|garlic|MadeOf|juice making
stereo|faucet|AtLocation|kitchen
wife|mother|CapableOf|become pregnant 
bungalow|barn|IsA|permanent structure
hose|plug|HasA|a type of metal
clamp|magazine|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
crayon|drill|HasProperty|cutting
oven|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
harp|accordion|HasA|neck
bison|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
coyote|rabbit|PartOf|herd
bike|jeep|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
zebra|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
giraffe|bison|IsA|predator 
pencil|crayon|CapableOf|be used for hair
tuna|catfish|HasA|red shell when cooked
microwave|oven|PartOf|kitchen appliance
trumpet|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
sandwich|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
strawberry|cranberry|IsA|berry
hand|toe|IsA|plural
man|mother|IsA|profession
butterfly|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly
sandwich|meal|MadeOf|meat
beans|cucumber|IsA|vegetable
bolts|magazine|IsA|digital device
door|bed|UsedFor|storage
tower|finger|PartOf|room
octopus|asparagus|HasA|fins
carpet|sofa|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
clamp|wheel|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
blouse|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
sailboat|yacht|CapableOf|hold more than fifty people
plum|cherry|UsedFor|smoothies
garlic|onions|HasProperty|green (most part)
gown|trousers|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
shoulder|forearm|PartOf|upper body
tape|clamp|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
raft|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
walls|leg|PartOf|house
dishwasher|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
magazine|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
cat|dog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
rabbit|raccoon|HasA|horn
groundhog|coyote|HasA|horn
church|chapel|IsA|place of worship
mirror|lamp|UsedFor|wearing
cousin|father|IsA|female
elephant|giraffe|IsA|object
chicken|goat|HasProperty|red
cod|salmon|IsA|water animal
saxophone|flute|IsA|instrument
caterpillar|spider|IsA|insect
bike|jeep|UsedFor|riding on water
screws|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
garlic|coconut|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
door|cupboard|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
blood|liver|AtLocation|in the torso
canoe|raft|HasProperty|usually a large size
car|jeep|UsedFor|war
rocker|fridge|CapableOf|working
squirrel|cow|IsA|common pet
orange|coconut|IsA|fruit
asparagus|lobster|AtLocation|on a farm
rabbit|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
trout|cod|HasA|red shell when cooked
bedroom|door|UsedFor|sleep
rock|fan|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
tank|truck|MadeOf|metal
tap|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
pencil|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
bison|donkey|HasA|hooves
wasp|cockroach|IsA|plant
skirt|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
plate|strainer|UsedFor|storing wine
moth|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
hut|cabin|HasProperty|part of a plane
scarf|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
gorilla|giraffe|HasA|horn
beetle|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
wheel|hose|MadeOf|paper
candle|chandelier|CapableOf|generate light
squirrel|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
pipe|drill|UsedFor|daily usage 
necklace|skirt|CapableOf|be worn
razor|stick|CapableOf|writing
falcon|kite|HasA|large wingspan
stick|spatula|AtLocation|construction site
mixer|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
beans|garlic|HasA|seeds
pliers|chisel|UsedFor|writing
porcupine|hare|AtLocation|underground
socks|shoes|AtLocation|on lower body
foot|toe|AtLocation|below the waist 
church|bedroom|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
tank|wheel|HasA|round shape
skin|hair|AtLocation|below the knee
paintbrush|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cathedral|church|HasA| place for worship
bed|curtains|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
tap|hose|MadeOf|metal/steel
nurse|wife|IsA|family member
typewriter|pen|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
rope|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
house|gate|IsA|religion buildings
rocket|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
kite|duck|IsA|dangerous bird
rope|screws|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
girlfriend|wife|IsA|car
cougar|zebra|IsA|has horns
woman|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
elk|caribou|UsedFor|travel
scissors|pen|HasProperty|cutting
rope|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
daughter|princess|HasA|child
cupboard|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
rabbit|hare|CapableOf|go underground
wheel|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
spatula|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
buffalo|elk|IsA|type of big cat
raft|boat|AtLocation|in there
dog|camel|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tiger|bison|IsA|something a farmer would own
horse|donkey|UsedFor|riding
tiger|crocodile|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
squirrel|ant|AtLocation|nature
neck|wrist|HasA|more than one joint
cupboard|kettle|AtLocation|on a countertop
wife|mother|AtLocation|in a castle
crayon|pen|UsedFor|writing
woman|girl|IsA|job or profession
hose|tap|CapableOf|make sound
prince|king|IsA|royalty
prune|cherry|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
octopus|cod|IsA|water animal
cod|mackerel|AtLocation|in sea
cello|violin|CapableOf|easily carried around
walls|bathroom|IsA|body part
man|girl|IsA|noun
horse|bison|HasA| mane (hair on it)
hawk|vulture|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
potatoes|butter|AtLocation|in the ground
raspberry|strawberry|AtLocation|be found on a bush
cockroach|butterfly|HasProperty|an insect
zebra|elephant|AtLocation|in africa
drill|chisel|CapableOf|make holes 
trumpet|piano|PartOf|strings
pants|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
beans|broccoli|UsedFor|cleaning
spatula|comb|CapableOf|print
boots|shoes|AtLocation|on your feet
turtle|frog|PartOf|water
crocodile|frog|HasA|fur
leopard|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
cockroach|worm|MadeOf|small animals
wheel|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
zebra|crocodile|HasA|antlers/tusks
pliers|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
balloon|airplane|AtLocation|on water
bacon|meal|UsedFor|dinner
trout|tuna|IsA|fish
eel|shrimp|HasA|fins
tray|saucer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
hose|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
broccoli|avocado|UsedFor|meat replacement
cat|elephant|CapableOf|jump
groundhog|mink|CapableOf|climb trees
pliers|drill|UsedFor|hair
cousin|brother|IsA|child
typewriter|comb|PartOf|drawing
trumpet|clarinet|UsedFor|blowing
toe|forearm|IsA|plural
gun|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
shoulder|neck|UsedFor|waving
window|floor|AtLocation|above your head
salmon|squid|IsA|water animal
king|father|IsA|male
cat|frog|IsA|colorful 
elephant|ox|HasA|horn
stick|pliers|CapableOf|be used for drawing
deer|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
screws|wheel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
mole|mink|CapableOf|live in water
coyote|groundhog|HasA|horn
nurse|actress|MadeOf|metal
hose|rocker|MadeOf|paper
hose|pipe|UsedFor|harm
drill|screws|IsA|firearm
cupboard|bed|MadeOf|wood
prune|banana|IsA|red  or orang
shrimp|salmon|IsA|water animal
bedroom|wall|CapableOf|open/close
liver|muscle|HasA|bones
sister|aunt|HasA|green item of clothing
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|hold water
sandwich|salad|HasA|meat
blouse|gown|UsedFor|transporting things
dog|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
brush|crayon|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
mixer|wheel|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
trumpet|trombone|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
chandelier|cigarette|CapableOf|move
deck|bathroom|HasProperty|vertical
lime|broccoli|HasProperty|green
pineapple|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
clamp|plug|HasProperty|round shaped
knife|comb|CapableOf|be used for drawing
shoulder|arm|HasA|nails
butterfly|flea|MadeOf|small animals
razor|spatula|IsA|construction tool
ankle|foot|AtLocation|below waist
screwdriver|brush|PartOf|drawing
kidney|muscle|AtLocation|in the torso
yacht|sailboat|UsedFor|riding on water
bed|bridge|IsA|component of a home
gun|tank|IsA|weapon
door|toilet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
rope|pipe|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
cat|dog|UsedFor|human transport
wheelbarrow|shirt|UsedFor|transporting things
beer|liquor|HasProperty|alcoholic
prune|strawberry|HasA|stone 
harpsichord|piano|UsedFor|sound
bed|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
liver|muscle|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
worker|nurse|HasA|pay check
piano|cello|UsedFor|sound
cannon|drill|IsA|firearm
plum|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
lamb|rabbit|IsA|animal
squirrel|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
tap|fan|IsA|related to music 
bathroom|roof|PartOf|human body
pipe|wheel|UsedFor|daily usage 
paintbrush|spatula|CapableOf|print
bean|meal|HasA|vegetables
sister|daughter|IsA|direct relation
rope|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
wasp|butterfly|HasProperty|typically able to fly
daughter|actress|IsA|female
spatula|pencil|PartOf|drawing
bison|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
squirrel|rabbit|HasA|tail
pipe|screws|HasProperty|part of a car
gun|rifle|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
leopard|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
plate|screws|IsA|firearm
violin|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
fan|stereo|CapableOf|consume electricity
violin|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
yacht|boat|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
tap|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
tiger|camel|HasA|4 legs
dress|pants|IsA|item of clothing
toaster|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
raft|yacht|CapableOf|be used on snow
typewriter|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
pencil|paintbrush|PartOf|what is the name of 
saucer|bowl|UsedFor|transportation
stereo|clamp|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
potato|lamb|IsA|food
camel|cow|IsA|typical pet
chicken|catfish|IsA|mollusk
skirt|dress|UsedFor|wearing
cannon|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
arm|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
faucet|stereo|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
barrel|cannon|HasA|finger trigger
frog|spider|HasA|tail
cottage|hut|IsA|relatively small
beaver|rabbit|IsA|predator
olive|orange|UsedFor|testy
rock|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
tuna|lobster|IsA|mollusk
grapefruit|avocado|HasA|edible skin (usually)
goat|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
zebra|crab|IsA|mollusk
grapefruit|avocado|HasA|peel
octopus|tuna|HasA|shell
otter|squirrel|IsA|animal with long ears
oven|rock|MadeOf|steel
gown|dress|HasA|two seperate pant legs
cockroach|spider|HasA|walking
starling|seagull|CapableOf|be a household pet
rabbit|frog|IsA|teeth
bolts|rope|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
gun|wheel|IsA|vessel
crocodile|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
cello|accordion|HasA|keys
rattlesnake|snail|HasA|walking
skin|liver|IsA|limb
duck|vulture|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
cow|bison|IsA|typical pet
leg|ankle|IsA|on the lower half 
neck|bone|AtLocation|on head
daughter|cousin|IsA|family member
lemon|orange|HasA|eatable shell or peel
cousin|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
squirrel|spider|PartOf|jumping
rocker|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
tape|clamp|HasProperty|round shaped
fan|rope|IsA|related to music 
dishwasher|sink|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
caterpillar|ant|HasA|wings
cousin|wife|AtLocation|in a castle
worker|girl|IsA|car
mink|porcupine|HasA|horn
camel|giraffe|CapableOf|walk on 2 feet
squirrel|skunk|HasProperty|originated from north america
vulture|falcon|CapableOf|attack others
wrist|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
deck|floor|HasProperty|vertical
buggy|car|UsedFor|eating
pen|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
milk|meat|UsedFor|dessert
pony|donkey|UsedFor|human transport
salad|chocolate|UsedFor|desserts
pear|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
elbow|neck|AtLocation|on your head
spoon|kettle|MadeOf|metal
tap|rope|IsA|related to music 
mink|elk|CapableOf|live in water
trumpet|saxophone|PartOf|woodwind
cow|rabbit|HasA|eating
trout|mackerel|IsA|card facing left
rattlesnake|snail|IsA|plant
shoulder|knees|IsA|joint
guitar|clarinet|IsA|brass instrument
chandelier|necklace|CapableOf|move
drill|bolts|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
guitar|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
dress|blouse|IsA|accessory
cottage|bedroom|IsA|place to live permanently
lantern|lamp|IsA|source of light
mink|beaver|AtLocation|carnivorous
frog|cow|IsA|household pet
girl|mother|UsedFor|food
beetle|worm|IsA|slow mover
radio|stereo|CapableOf|be turned on
goat|frog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
gun|rifle|IsA|weapon
hose|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
bedroom|wall|CapableOf|opening/closing
skateboard|sailboat|HasA|wheels
worker|princess|AtLocation|in a hospital
chapel|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
tank|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
scissors|screwdriver|UsedFor|cutting
cupboard|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
barrel|wheel|PartOf|any of various units of 
floor|neck|PartOf|house
toe|body|AtLocation|on head
floor|walls|AtLocation|in your apartment
beans|tomato|HasProperty|green
father|mother|IsA|profession
fridge|kettle|HasProperty|consuming electricity
actress|worker|HasProperty|a picture of a female
groundhog|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
ladle|sink|CapableOf|make things cold
chocolate|sandwich|IsA|meat
rabbit|frog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
skunk|mole|HasProperty|originated from north america
dishwasher|blender|UsedFor|storing food 
rocker|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
paintbrush|pencil|CapableOf|be used for hair
shirt|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
bridge|barn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
tiger|camel|HasA|trunk
flute|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
camel|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
milk|butter|AtLocation|in the ground
barn|bridge|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
accordion|cello|HasA|keys
moth|ant|MadeOf|small animals
crab|salmon|IsA|mollusk
bike|yacht|CapableOf|hold more than one person
ankle|leg|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
father|mother|UsedFor|transportation
chandelier|tray|UsedFor|wearing
duck|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
lemon|cherry|IsA|vegetable
crayon|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
ant|spider|HasA|wings
prune|pear|HasA|big seed
vulture|duck|PartOf|wild life
deck|room|PartOf|body
bar|window|PartOf|room
tent|apartment|HasProperty|for the rich
mackerel|perch|HasA|shell
bagpipe|harmonica|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
daughter|mother|IsA|younger person
chapel|inn|AtLocation|at your home
bison|donkey|IsA|typical pet
bathroom|tower|PartOf|human body
skateboard|car|AtLocation|in there
porcupine|hare|IsA|predator
spider|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
bone|elbow|IsA|on the lower half 
cougar|hyena|CapableOf|hunt for prey
mixer|wheel|HasA|a type of metal
elephant|squirrel|IsA|amphibian
deer|goat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
princess|actress|HasA|marital relationship with you
sink|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
trumpet|piano|MadeOf|wood
plug|mixer|UsedFor|can your card used home
shoulder|neck|IsA|limb
gun|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
nail|leg|AtLocation|inside
banjo|trumpet|HasA|strings
wrist|hand|AtLocation|in your upper body
microwave|tray|AtLocation|on a countertop
coyote|squirrel|HasA|long ear
toilet|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
porcupine|raccoon|IsA|mammal
curtains|door|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
soup|bacon|HasA|vegetable(s)
worker|actress|MadeOf|metal
stove|toaster|UsedFor|making food
cat|sheep|HasA| mane (hair on it)
blender|ladle|CapableOf|hold water
fingers|wrist|AtLocation|in your upper body
goat|donkey|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pliers|chisel|CapableOf|be used for drawing
bagpipe|tuba|HasA|reed to make it work
faucet|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
goat|sheep|AtLocation|pet store
sailboat|sled|CapableOf|be used on snow
screws|plate|PartOf|any of various units of 
tap|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
olive|tomato|IsA|vegetable
deer|sheep|IsA|typical pet
catfish|perch|HasA|legs/tentacles 
harp|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
bison|ox|IsA|violent creature
bridge|bed|IsA|component of a home
car|skis|UsedFor|single person transport
toe|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
zebra|asparagus|IsA|water animal
tiger|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
skunk|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
body|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
trout|salmon|HasA|red shell when cooked
worm|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
onions|garlic|IsA|fruit
inn|chapel|HasA| place for worship
deer|goat|HasA|horn on head
cabin|barn|IsA|religious place
pony|rabbit|IsA|teeth
banana|prune|IsA|fruit
pliers|chisel|IsA|construction tool
father|brother|AtLocation|royal meeting room
elephant|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
spider|mouse|HasA|eating
razor|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
yacht|canoe|HasProperty|usually a large size
typewriter|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
scissors|comb|HasProperty|cutting
aunt|wife|HasProperty|female
hose|tape|UsedFor|can your card used home
frog|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
camel|dog|HasProperty|fluffy
bagpipe|tuba|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
coat|jeans|UsedFor|covering legs
mixer|tap|IsA|digital device
gun|plate|CapableOf|be used in home
neck|arm|AtLocation|on furniture
hawk|pelican|IsA|dangerous bird
crab|lobster|IsA|mollusk
tray|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
squirrel|porcupine|HasA|long ears
vulture|eagle|IsA|dangerous bird
throat|mouth|PartOf|makeup regimen
beaver|skunk|CapableOf|be held 
floor|walls|HasProperty|enclosed
eagle|hawk|HasA|start with a p
rattlesnake|frog|PartOf|water
woodpecker|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
bungalow|gate|IsA|religious place
microwave|toaster|UsedFor|making food
roof|deck|IsA|body part
zebra|camel|IsA|an animal
butter|beer|HasProperty|a liquid
worm|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
rabbit|groundhog|AtLocation|carnivorous
sugar|milk|UsedFor|recipes 
nurse|mother|IsA|occupation
bungalow|bedroom|IsA|place to live permanently
cherry|raspberry|HasA|peel
horse|goat|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
chocolate|salad|IsA|colour red
hose|tape|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
crayon|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
tray|thermometer|IsA|home appliance
deer|coyote|IsA|herbivore
moth|frog|MadeOf|small animals
tractor|truck|UsedFor|farming
rabbit|lamb|AtLocation|in water
beaver|skunk|AtLocation|on tree
crocodile|bison|UsedFor|human transport
raccoon|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
wife|daughter|HasProperty|royalty
rattlesnake|alligator|HasA|horn
apartment|house|AtLocation|at your home
wheelbarrow|sack|IsA|piece of clothing
pliers|brush|HasA|sharp edge
eggplant|avocado|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
buggy|skateboard|UsedFor|land suitable one
tower|window|HasProperty|vertical
clamp|rope|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
skirt|trousers|AtLocation|on lower body
camel|rabbit|UsedFor|a source of milk
blood|skin|AtLocation|below your waist
mixer|stereo|CapableOf|make or play music
squid|octopus|AtLocation|at sea
squirrel|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
bike|raft|AtLocation|in there
toe|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
gun|pistol|CapableOf|be launched/fired
tray|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
spatula|comb|IsA|construction tool
pants|jeans|AtLocation|upper part of body
trumpet|banjo|UsedFor|sound
skateboard|boat|UsedFor|snow
raspberry|cranberry|IsA|berry
chicken|eel|IsA|black and white
duck|pelican|CapableOf|fly
coat|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
fingers|finger|PartOf|building
tiger|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
wasp|worm|IsA|plant
hose|rope|HasA|string or line
paintbrush|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
camel|tiger|HasA|4 legs
jacket|jeans|AtLocation|foot
cockroach|wasp|HasProperty|an insect
worker|cousin|IsA|professional
paintbrush|pen|UsedFor|writing/drawing
finger|fingers|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
stereo|tape|UsedFor|dispensing water
jeans|skirt|AtLocation|upper part of body
typewriter|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
salad|milk|UsedFor|recipes 
avocado|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
asparagus|eel|IsA|black and white
bag|pants|HasA|wheel
elk|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
finger|arm|HasProperty|related with hand
hand|fingers|PartOf|lower body
bungalow|barn|HasA|start with a b
radio|hose|MadeOf|paper
tiger|zebra|IsA|has horns
screwdriver|razor|CapableOf|be used for drawing
deer|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
bathroom|bar|PartOf|building
drill|screws|IsA|vessel
goat|rabbit|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
mink|mole|HasA|long ears
girl|mother|HasA|head
hare|skunk|IsA|sad
chisel|brush|HasProperty|cutting
cello|banjo|HasA|neck
sauce|liquor|IsA|diary food
falcon|vulture|PartOf|wild life
cigarette|candle|CapableOf|move
saxophone|clarinet|HasA|reed to make it work
squirrel|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
actress|woman|UsedFor|transportation
cherry|plum|HasA|yellow color
octopus|asparagus|IsA|fish
trombone|clarinet|CapableOf|be played with mouth
girlfriend|daughter|HasProperty|exclusively female
spatula|chisel|CapableOf|print
car|jeep|UsedFor|traveling over rough terrain
strawberry|coconut|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
parakeet|seagull|HasA|large wing span
aunt|girl|HasProperty|female
curtains|carpet|MadeOf|wood typically
cockroach|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
door|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
mole|skunk|HasA|big ears
rifle|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
crocodile|giraffe|IsA|object
neck|bone|IsA|part of the skeleton
screws|plate|IsA|firearm
screws|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
elephant|snail|IsA|mammal
nurse|worker|UsedFor|transportation
snail|rattlesnake|CapableOf|be found in the water
aunt|woman|CapableOf|become pregnant 
candle|cigarette|MadeOf|metal
elbow|neck|HasProperty|upper body
girl|daughter|HasProperty|a picture of a female
chicken|goat|IsA|animal
porcupine|mink|CapableOf|climb trees
lemon|grapefruit|HasA|usually inedible skin
scissors|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
banana|grapefruit|IsA|bitter fruit
moth|spider|IsA|plant
crayon|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing
elephant|ox|HasA|horns 
pen|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
wife|aunt|IsA|family member
plug|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
dove|starling|HasA|large wing span
clamp|rope|IsA|related to music 
apartment|inn|AtLocation|at your home
woman|mother|HasProperty|female
finger|hand|PartOf|house
cigarette|chandelier|AtLocation|on neck
cathedral|house|HasA| place for worship
finger|arm|PartOf|upper body
cherry|strawberry|IsA|fruit
razor|knife|HasA|sharp cutting edge
comb|pencil|PartOf|drawing
wheel|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
girl|girlfriend|IsA|female (strictly)
hose|clamp|IsA|related to music 
rope|tap|AtLocation|kitchen
iguana|turtle|HasProperty|dangerous
elk|bison|HasA|horn
frog|cow|HasProperty|four-legged
boots|shoes|AtLocation|foot
eel|cod|HasA|red shell when cooked
colander|ladle|HasProperty|using electricity
house|inn|HasA| place for worship
violin|cello|MadeOf|strings
mirror|candle|MadeOf|/contain glass
yacht|tractor|HasA|wheels
squid|octopus|IsA|black and white
cougar|giraffe|IsA|has horns
goat|lamb|IsA|fruit or vegetable
perch|trout|CapableOf|come in a tin
tuna|salmon|AtLocation|at sea
hose|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
strainer|wheel|HasProperty|part of a car
finger|hand|HasA|more than one joint
accordion|flute|MadeOf|strings
drill|pen|UsedFor|grooming
cow|goat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
clarinet|saxophone|HasA|keys
beetle|spider|IsA|bug
sink|colander|CapableOf|be held in your hand
stork|vulture|HasA|large wingspan
scissors|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
boy|father|IsA|professional
harpsichord|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
spatula|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
moth|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
paintbrush|pencil|HasA|keyboard
spoon|bottle|MadeOf|metal
hyena|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
cart|elephant|HasA|long neck
guitar|trombone|MadeOf|wood
saucer|balloon|CapableOf|fly
catfish|chicken|HasA|red shell when cooked
pony|frog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
cranberry|orange|HasProperty|yellow
razor|stick|MadeOf|writing
duck|goat|IsA|meat or animal
fan|microwave|UsedFor|keeping things cool
plate|rope|UsedFor|harm
gun|barrel|UsedFor|work
worm|squirrel|HasA|walking
nurse|aunt|HasProperty|male
coconut|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
ship|boat|UsedFor|transportation
trombone|clarinet|MadeOf|wood
gorilla|buffalo|IsA|like a cat
skirt|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
pineapple|cranberry|IsA|fruit
saxophone|trumpet|IsA|wind instrument
plum|banana|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
bungalow|bedroom|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
pliers|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
porcupine|groundhog|IsA|predator
hand|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
corn|onions|HasA|any green on it 
rock|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
pony|horse|HasA|fur
mink|groundhog|IsA|herbivore
kite|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
tin|wood|IsA|bottle
oven|sink|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
rabbit|mink|AtLocation|on  a tree
wheel|gun|IsA|vessel
tin|metal|IsA|bottle
lime|cucumber|HasProperty|green
wine|whisky|IsA|liquid
goat|camel|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
gown|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
rabbit|goat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
willow|bed|IsA|weapon
house|cottage|HasA|start with a b
mink|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
worm|cockroach|HasA|walking
beetle|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
arm|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
octopus|eel|IsA|fish
prune|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
prune|banana|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
banjo|guitar|UsedFor|sound
scooter|skis|IsA|powered vehicle
hose|tape|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
nose|finger|IsA|(one of five) human senses
kite|eagle|HasA|wings
stereo|mixer|UsedFor|entertainment
window|room|CapableOf|be used home
hut|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
porcupine|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
cow|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
mixer|clamp|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
celery|beans|IsA|fruit
cousin|boy|CapableOf|become pregnant 
butterfly|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
pear|peach|HasA|edible skin
spear|broom|IsA|man made thing
mole|raccoon|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
wheel|tape|CapableOf|make sound
daughter|son|IsA|title
squirrel|rabbit|HasA|hooves
octopus|lobster|IsA|fish
bowl|saucer|AtLocation|in your cupboard
cherry|raspberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
shrimp|tuna|IsA|mollusk
tap|rope|MadeOf|metal/steel
sheep|tiger|IsA|teeth
shirt|blouse|AtLocation|on your upper torso
toe|ankle|AtLocation|bottom half of body
accordion|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
walls|tower|IsA|body part
sink|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
jacket|skirt|IsA|white object
deer|sheep|AtLocation|pet store
banjo|flute|HasA|keyboard
drill|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
car|truck|UsedFor|war
duck|kite|HasA|large wing span
leg|toe|IsA|limb
skunk|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
raspberry|cherry|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
woman|boy|IsA|profession
gun|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
steak|supper|MadeOf|meat
elephant|cow|HasA|tail
barn|hut|IsA|component of a home
ant|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
tower|bathroom|HasProperty|enclosed
squirrel|rattlesnake|HasA|a shell
dog|tiger|UsedFor|human transport
drill|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
chocolate|bacon|IsA|diary food
clamp|hose|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
floor|bar|IsA|body part
skunk|raccoon|HasA|big ears
toilet|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
mackerel|trout|HasA|fins
cherry|banana|IsA|fruit
plate|screws|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
bathroom|tower|IsA|body part
tomato|onions|AtLocation|in water
shoulder|neck|UsedFor|holding a cup
shrimp|mackerel|IsA|water animal
butterfly|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
drill|razor|CapableOf|writing
nurse|boy|HasA|hat
wheel|tap|UsedFor|entertainment
groundhog|elk|IsA|mammal
rope|faucet|UsedFor|can your card used home
mink|hare|MadeOf|green
screwdriver|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
rocker|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
dove|duck|HasA|large wing span
spider|wasp|IsA|bug
zebra|deer|IsA|type of big cat
plate|tank|IsA|vessel
cupboard|door|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
hut|house|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
scissors|pen|UsedFor|driving screws
wheel|tape|UsedFor|a vehicle
rifle|grenade|CapableOf|be held in a hand
beaver|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
fridge|blender|UsedFor|washing dishes
ankle|foot|PartOf|the images displayed
iguana|turtle|HasA| 4 limbs
airplane|ship|IsA| mode of transportation 
radio|mixer|MadeOf|paper
coyote|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
beans|eggplant|HasProperty|needs peeling
building|church|AtLocation|at your home
roof|deck|PartOf|building
strainer|screws|MadeOf|metal
girl|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
man|daughter|IsA|profession
magazine|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
trumpet|piano|IsA|instrument
bedroom|hut|IsA|religious place
bagpipe|harmonica|IsA|brass instrument
leg|knee|HasProperty|upper body
banana|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
faucet|tape|IsA|electronic device
steak|meal|HasA|meat
plate|tank|IsA|firearm
flute|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
rope|drill|CapableOf|be launched/fired
worker|father|IsA|male
turtle|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
elephant|pony|IsA|teeth
bungalow|house|IsA|religious place
deer|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
jet|ship|HasA|the ability to fly
colander|ladle|IsA|electric powered item
car|tank|HasProperty|consuming fuel
cello|tuba|MadeOf|strings
aunt|sister|IsA|sibling
microwave|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
chocolate|sauce|UsedFor|recipes 
typewriter|scissors|UsedFor|cutting
paintbrush|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
squirrel|mink|HasA|horn
prune|raspberry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
fingers|neck|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
snail|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
salad|bean|HasA|vegetables
wasp|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
fingers|hand|PartOf|room
woodpecker|seagull|CapableOf|be a household pet
spear|bayonet|IsA|weapon 
camel|deer|HasA| mane (hair on it)
fan|plug|AtLocation|at an electronics store
raspberry|prune|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
turtle|beetle|HasA|walking
clock|thermometer|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
necklace|candle|MadeOf|glass
cockroach|ant|HasA|walking
banana|raspberry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
tuba|guitar|HasA|keys
plug|faucet|HasA|string or line
guitar|banjo|CapableOf|easily carried around
hare|rabbit|IsA|sad
comb|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for drawing
shoes|jeans|IsA|piece of clothing
orange|lemon|HasA|eatable shell or peel
mirror|scarf|CapableOf|move
spade|bayonet|UsedFor|sleeping
moth|cockroach|CapableOf|fly
woodpecker|duck|HasA|large wingspan
uncle|father|IsA|family
goat|lamb|HasProperty|furry
deer|beaver|HasA|hair/fur
candle|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
building|bed|HasA|start with a b
rifle|rope|CapableOf|be used in home
pen|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
freezer|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
princess|actress|HasA|blood relation with you
falcon|vulture|HasA|large wingspan
hose|wheel|UsedFor|daily usage 
magazine|bolts|CapableOf|be turned on
spider|snail|IsA|bug
car|wheel|MadeOf|metal
deer|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
olive|coconut|MadeOf|juice making
yacht|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
zebra|giraffe|IsA|predator 
porcupine|beaver|AtLocation|carnivorous
pear|plum|IsA|physical fruit or veg
lime|lemon|HasA|hard shell
tank|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
roof|deck|PartOf|body
cottage|hut|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
drill|rope|UsedFor|daily usage 
wheel|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pants|shoes|UsedFor|feet protection
squirrel|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
elk|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
roof|ceiling|PartOf|body
hand|leg|IsA|plural
foot|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
kidney|eye|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
bean|salad|HasProperty|smaller than your thumb
fawn|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
tap|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
camel|elephant|HasA|stripes
bolts|rock|CapableOf|be turned on
helicopter|balloon|HasA|wings
tiger|leopard|IsA|type of big cat
socks|shoes|HasA|sleeves
horse|rabbit|IsA|something a farmer would own
garlic|banana|HasA|single hard pit
paintbrush|typewriter|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
stick|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for hair
door|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
mole|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
skateboard|scooter|UsedFor|water
bolts|fan|IsA|digital device
hut|tent|HasA|start with a b
sheep|horse|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
grapefruit|plum|IsA|bitter fruit
wheel|tape|AtLocation|kitchen
blouse|shirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
perch|asparagus|IsA|black and white
sailboat|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
boat|ship|CapableOf|be found on water
cow|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
lamp|chandelier|IsA|home appliance
rock|mixer|UsedFor|entertainment
mole|elk|CapableOf|live in water
wood|metal|IsA|fragile
arm|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
dress|jacket|PartOf|pair
tractor|canoe|AtLocation|in there
elk|deer|IsA|predator
girl|woman|IsA|profession
spatula|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
tape|rock|CapableOf|provide water
hyena|tiger|IsA|like a cat
trumpet|trombone|MadeOf|strings
pelican|falcon|HasProperty|domesticated
celery|beans|IsA|purple vegetable
clamp|fan|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
hand|finger|UsedFor|holding a cup
plug|wheel|MadeOf|steel mainly
hare|squirrel|IsA|sad
perch|eel|IsA|black and white
curtains|carpet|UsedFor|sleep
bedroom|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
alligator|rattlesnake|HasA|a shell
squirrel|turtle|IsA|insect
hyena|camel|IsA|has horns
goat|horse|AtLocation|pet store
skirt|pants|MadeOf|threads
elk|mole|CapableOf|live in water
tank|screws|HasProperty|part of a car
room|roof|PartOf|house
fingers|window|PartOf|room
plum|avocado|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
trumpet|guitar|MadeOf|metal
blouse|skirt|IsA|item of clothing
church|chapel|IsA|component of a home
raspberry|cranberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
fawn|mink|IsA|predator
spear|bed|IsA|man made thing
ankle|knee|PartOf|the lower body
coat|dress|HasProperty|a long clothing item
muscle|skin|AtLocation|on your head
stove|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
tank|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
vulture|hawk|IsA|bird of prey
wasp|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
harmonica|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
mole|raccoon|HasA|long ear
tape|rope|IsA|electric 
boat|scooter|UsedFor|eating
wheelbarrow|pants|HasA|wheel
toe|leg|UsedFor|walking
cockroach|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
grapefruit|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
rabbit|porcupine|IsA|predator
eagle|falcon|HasA|start with a p
deer|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bed|barn|IsA|red home
woodpecker|kite|CapableOf|be a household pet
worker|boy|HasProperty|a female
candle|lantern|UsedFor|a light source
chisel|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
sink|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
saxophone|clarinet|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
sack|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
tent|apartment|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
falcon|vulture|HasA|large wing span
fingers|neck|PartOf|the upper body
toe|eye|AtLocation|below the knee
blender|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pineapple|orange|HasA|single hard pit
clarinet|trumpet|MadeOf|metal
camel|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
catfish|crab|AtLocation|at sea
neck|fingers|MadeOf|a whole body part
wife|princess|HasProperty|older than you
barrel|hose|CapableOf|used in war
tap|fan|IsA|digital device
fan|bolts|AtLocation|at an electronics store
actress|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
bike|car|HasA|wheels
blood|muscle|AtLocation|below your waist
stove|fridge|CapableOf|be plugged in
oven|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
raspberry|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
deer|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
snail|ant|IsA|insect
tractor|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
hawk|vulture|IsA|bird of prey
frog|donkey|IsA|something a farmer would own
daughter|brother|IsA|royalty
sack|wheelbarrow|IsA|worn on the lower body
cherry|prune|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
blender|fridge|IsA|electric powered item
sheep|donkey|HasA|hooves
mixer|rope|UsedFor|can your card used home
window|tower|HasProperty|indoor
skateboard|truck|HasA|wheels
toaster|microwave|PartOf|kitchen appliance
cherry|grapefruit|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
plug|tape|CapableOf|make sound
cranberry|banana|HasA|stone 
tape|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
groundhog|porcupine|HasA|hooves
gun|hose|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
tent|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
piano|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
knife|spatula|CapableOf|make holes 
raft|boat|CapableOf|carry multiple people
house|hut|IsA|relatively small
plum|banana|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
broccoli|avocado|HasProperty|green
paintbrush|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
roof|ceiling|AtLocation|at ground level
pliers|drill|MadeOf|writing
scooter|wheel|AtLocation|in water
finger|shoulder|MadeOf|upper body parts
skin|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
floor|walls|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
worker|boy|IsA|female (strictly)
girl|actress|IsA|male
plug|mixer|AtLocation|at an electronics store
woman|worker|IsA|car
fan|microwave|UsedFor|entertainment
thermometer|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
jet|airplane|CapableOf|transport ships
ankle|thigh|IsA|plural
mouth|finger|PartOf|makeup regimen
avocado|broccoli|HasProperty|green (most part)
aunt|mother|HasProperty|female
plug|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
flea|squirrel|PartOf|water
cathedral|cottage|HasA| place for worship
trombone|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
tank|bolts|CapableOf|transport liquids
elbow|toe|IsA|organ
mother|girl|HasA|pay check
kettle|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
chandelier|lamp|UsedFor|camping gear
eye|skin|CapableOf|help you walk
canoe|raft|HasProperty|colored red
pants|jeans|UsedFor|feet protection
knife|pliers|MadeOf|writing
hare|squirrel|CapableOf|be held 
pipe|tray|MadeOf|metal/steel
wheel|tank|MadeOf|metal
hand|neck|PartOf|human body
wheel|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
saxophone|clarinet|MadeOf|wood
stereo|rock|CapableOf|provide water
camel|zebra|HasA|trunk
faucet|plug|UsedFor|entertainment
deer|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
moth|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
accordion|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
pony|horse|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
salmon|cod|IsA|water animal
apartment|bedroom|IsA|red home
comb|crayon|IsA|construction tool
balloon|airplane|IsA| mode of transportation 
apartment|bungalow|IsA|red home
camel|goat|IsA|carnivore 
chandelier|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
bagpipe|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
bathroom|room|CapableOf|let in air
moth|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
robe|cloak|HasA|more than one person
bolts|rope|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
door|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
giraffe|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
tray|screws|CapableOf|destroy a building
turtle|cat|AtLocation|nature
wood|plastic|IsA|fragile
falcon|eagle|UsedFor|a national symbol
butterfly|caterpillar|IsA|slow mover
shoulder|finger|AtLocation|in your upper body
beetle|turtle|CapableOf|flying
magazine|stereo|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
ant|caterpillar|IsA|insect
yacht|raft|CapableOf|be used on snow
olive|lime|CapableOf|spices
pipe|wheel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
turtle|beetle|PartOf|water
tuna|mackerel|HasA|shell
pen|typewriter|HasA|graphite center
clock|thermometer|IsA|home appliance
sack|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
pipe|rope|UsedFor|shooting
goat|horse|IsA|typical pet
camel|leopard|IsA|has horns
inn|hut|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
kettle|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
room|walls|HasProperty|enclosed
gun|cannon|UsedFor|harm
trout|chicken|HasA|red shell when cooked
bridge|building|IsA|religious place
walls|room|PartOf|room
raccoon|squirrel|CapableOf|climb on tree
lips|brow|CapableOf| taste
squid|crab|IsA|water animal
brush|paintbrush|HasA|keyboard
garlic|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
fingers|finger|MadeOf|upper body parts
pen|scissors|PartOf|drawing
fingers|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
daughter|woman|HasProperty|two syllables
spider|frog|HasA|eating
microwave|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
wheel|rocker|IsA|digital device
tray|screws|HasProperty|circular
ladle|spoon|CapableOf|scoop things
apartment|hut|HasProperty|for the rich
pencil|pliers|PartOf|drawing
mother|boy|MadeOf|metal
bolts|grenade|CapableOf|use electricity
rabbit|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
house|hut|AtLocation|at your home
tractor|boat|MadeOf|metal
spider|ant|IsA|plant
hose|tape|IsA|electric 
squirrel|mink|HasA|long ears
fan|tape|HasA|a type of metal
leg|bone|IsA|part of the skeleton
horse|goat|IsA|typical pet
lantern|candle|IsA|item of clothing
tractor|car|HasA|an engine
ant|worm|AtLocation|nature
oak|cabin|PartOf|set of furniture
piano|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
deck|roof|IsA|part of a building
wrist|forearm|IsA|plural
sauce|potatoes|UsedFor|desserts
turtle|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
mackerel|octopus|HasA|shell
crab|cod|IsA|mollusk
sauce|butter|UsedFor|recipes 
tap|wheel|IsA|digital device
faucet|tape|AtLocation|kitchen
sugar|wine|IsA|diary food
boat|sailboat|HasProperty|colored red
woodpecker|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
microwave|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
worker|wife|UsedFor|transportation
banjo|clarinet|MadeOf|wood
walls|floor|PartOf|garage
pear|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
corn|beans|HasProperty|green
paintbrush|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
crayon|paintbrush|PartOf|what is the name of 
finger|arm|HasProperty|plural
dove|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
harp|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
corn|onions|HasProperty|green (most part)
squirrel|alligator|HasA|a shell
bolts|rope|AtLocation|kitchen
beetle|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
woodpecker|buzzard|CapableOf|be a household pet
princess|father|UsedFor|transportation
barrel|screws|CapableOf|destroy a building
father|uncle|IsA|male
pencil|crayon|MadeOf|writing
bike|tank|UsedFor|land suitable one
tuna|trout|AtLocation|at sea
frog|goat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
arm|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
radio|fan|MadeOf|metal
cod|mackerel|IsA|card facing left
tiger|rabbit|HasA|fur
window|ceiling|AtLocation|at ground level
fingers|finger|AtLocation|on furniture
girlfriend|wife|IsA|male
beaver|rattlesnake|AtLocation|carnivorous
mink|mole|CapableOf|live in water
tray|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
toe|arm|PartOf|the upper body
leg|toe|AtLocation|below the waist 
trombone|banjo|UsedFor|sound
flea|worm|IsA|plant
worm|flea|HasA|walking
tank|grenade|IsA|firearm
sailboat|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
hand|walls|PartOf|house
hose|mixer|HasA|a type of metal
ant|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
salad|soup|IsA|meat
chicken|cod|IsA|mollusk
daughter|mother|CapableOf|be a lady
lobster|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
neck|eye|AtLocation|on head
pipe|strainer|PartOf|any of various units of 
bathroom|floor|UsedFor|decoration
frog|pony|HasA|fur
strawberry|raspberry|HasA|edible skin
elbow|shoulder|HasA|nails
spatula|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
trousers|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
boy|mother|IsA|head
wheel|scooter|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
knees|toe|HasProperty|below the waist 
princess|worker|HasProperty|a picture of a female
dishwasher|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
accordion|harp|HasA|neck
hut|tent|IsA|relatively small
daughter|cousin|CapableOf|be a lady
plug|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
shirt|trousers|HasA|wheel
eagle|vulture|CapableOf|fly
frog|spider|HasA|eating
buffalo|elk|IsA|predator 
garlic|eggplant|HasProperty|green
hose|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
pineapple|plum|IsA|fruit
clamp|screws|HasA|number on it
grenade|rifle|CapableOf|be used one-handed
fingers|hand|HasA|less than three joints
pliers|brush|AtLocation|construction site
toe|thigh|AtLocation|below waist
walls|floor|UsedFor|working with computer
banana|grapefruit|IsA|word beginning with p
scooter|skis|HasA|an engine
avocado|prune|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
walls|roof|UsedFor|decoration
apartment|bungalow|IsA|religious place
goat|dog|HasProperty|fluffy
elephant|donkey|UsedFor|human transport
lobster|catfish|IsA|mollusk
ladle|colander|CapableOf|make things cold
alligator|turtle|HasA|trunk
tap|stereo|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
microwave|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
mixer|radio|UsedFor|music related entertainment
supper|sandwich|HasProperty|mainly meat
dog|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
gate|cottage|IsA|religion buildings
horse|deer|UsedFor|a source of milk
clarinet|bagpipe|IsA|brass instrument
horse|tiger|HasA|4 legs
catfish|perch|IsA|card facing left
pencil|brush|HasProperty|cutting
garlic|banana|IsA|berry
whisky|potatoes|IsA|diary food
uncle|son|IsA|family member
eagle|falcon|PartOf|wild life
elbow|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
bean|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
plug|fan|MadeOf|paper
mackerel|eel|AtLocation|at sea
actress|boy|UsedFor|transportation
cherry|onions|HasA|seeds
mirror|cigarette|CapableOf|generate light
saxophone|piano|IsA|instrument
cathedral|inn|IsA|public building (typically)
beetle|rattlesnake|PartOf|water
roof|deck|PartOf|house
wheel|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
cod|salmon|IsA|mollusk
bar|deck|PartOf|house
deer|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
blouse|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
snail|turtle|HasA|a shell
pigeon|hawk|AtLocation|at a beach
ceiling|tower|PartOf|house
soup|bean|IsA|meat
wheel|magazine|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
room|walls|PartOf|building
raccoon|skunk|IsA|predator
grenade|barrel|UsedFor|work
beaver|raccoon|IsA|rodent
horse|pony|AtLocation|typically europe
orange|olive|HasProperty|green
jeans|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
brush|pencil|MadeOf|only metal
mother|actress|HasProperty|steel
neck|forearm|IsA|joint
coyote|elk|CapableOf|live in water
bed|sofa|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
flea|turtle|CapableOf|flying
scissors|paintbrush|PartOf|what is the name of 
moth|flea|IsA|plant
skunk|squirrel|HasA|long ear
wheelbarrow|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
daughter|wife|IsA|female
salad|supper|UsedFor|dinner
olive|orange|HasA|eatable shell or peel
tape|rope|UsedFor|dispensing water
cat|beetle|CapableOf|flying
chisel|drill|UsedFor|crafts
tray|wheel|MadeOf|metal
hose|clamp|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
rocker|rope|IsA|electric 
tower|deck|PartOf|house
grapefruit|banana|IsA|fruit
dress|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
hare|groundhog|AtLocation|carnivorous
tape|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
daughter|father|IsA|royalty
rifle|shotgun|UsedFor|work
garlic|cheese|HasA|eatable shell or peel
neck|floor|PartOf|house
thigh|neck|IsA|joint
rabbit|frog|IsA|something a farmer would own
grenade|rocket|CapableOf|contain water
tractor|yacht|AtLocation|in there
butter|sauce|UsedFor|recipes 
boots|shoes|HasA|longer ankles than regular footwear 
jacket|cloak|IsA|white object
grapefruit|peach|IsA|fruit
necklace|chandelier|MadeOf|metal
wife|princess|HasProperty|exclusively female
tower|walls|AtLocation|above your head in general
arm|ankle|AtLocation|inside
tomato|beans|HasProperty|green
stereo|rock|UsedFor|entertainment
sugar|meat|UsedFor|dessert
inn|cabin|HasProperty|a black and white picture
ant|butterfly|HasProperty|an insect
tongue|nose|CapableOf| taste
kite|duck|HasA|start with a p
rabbit|sheep|IsA|carnivore 
harmonica|clarinet|HasA|strings
walls|window|CapableOf|be used home
worker|doctor|IsA|occupation
accordion|piano|UsedFor|sound
neck|thigh|IsA|joint
magazine|rocker|UsedFor|keeping things cool
toilet|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
jacket|blouse|HasProperty|worn below the waist
fawn|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
rock|fan|HasA|a type of metal
raccoon|groundhog|IsA|herbivore
pistol|rifle|MadeOf|wood (partially)
harmonica|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
salad|sauce|UsedFor|desserts
hose|faucet|IsA|related to music 
elbow|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
aunt|woman|IsA|profession
blender|kettle|AtLocation|on a countertop
pliers|brush|CapableOf|print
skis|skateboard|IsA|powered vehicle
wrist|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
squirrel|fawn|IsA|predator
cow|crocodile|HasA|fur
duck|falcon|HasA|wings
donkey|tiger|IsA|teeth
violin|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
sack|jacket|HasA|wheel
salmon|eel|IsA|name begging with c
bike|wheel|CapableOf|roll
skin|arm|AtLocation|inside
buffalo|tiger|IsA|predator 
mole|raccoon|HasA|long ears
rabbit|cat|HasProperty|four-legged
bolts|barrel|CapableOf|use electricity
pigeon|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
hare|mole|MadeOf|green
hose|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
goat|frog|CapableOf|be domesticated
tank|pipe|IsA|vessel
pants|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
mixer|faucet|MadeOf|metal
eagle|vulture|IsA|dangerous bird
canoe|wheel|UsedFor|eating
hair|skin|CapableOf|help you walk
bone|ankle|IsA|part of the skeleton
kite|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
dishwasher|blender|IsA|electric powered item
mole|groundhog|HasA|long ears
ankle|toe|HasProperty|below the waist 
orange|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
clarinet|flute|UsedFor|sound
ankle|nail|IsA|organ
salmon|catfish|IsA|fish
thigh|arm|IsA|joint
father|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
drill|wheel|IsA|vessel
grapefruit|plum|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
cousin|princess|PartOf|close blood relative
dog|frog|HasProperty|carnivorous
tomato|onions|IsA|n ingredient for sauce
crocodile|zebra|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
lantern|mirror|MadeOf|/contain glass
jeep|tractor|AtLocation|in water
tray|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
toaster|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
barrel|grenade|UsedFor|firing artillery
rifle|pistol|CapableOf|be launched/fired
frog|squirrel|IsA|common pet
crab|squid|AtLocation|at sea
plate|drill|CapableOf|be used in home
gown|trousers|UsedFor|covering legs
coyote|mink|CapableOf|hunt other animals
mother|actress|UsedFor|food
flea|ant|PartOf|water
sheep|frog|UsedFor|riding
mother|girlfriend|IsA|female
chapel|church|IsA|place to live permanently
leg|hand|IsA|body part
vulture|falcon|IsA|sea bird
trousers|shoes|IsA|typically female clothing item
porcupine|skunk|IsA|predator
tower|walls|PartOf|house
donkey|sheep|HasA|fur
cockroach|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly
bayonet|bed|IsA|tree
scissors|brush|PartOf|drawing
pliers|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
fawn|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
neck|bone|AtLocation|below your waist
trombone|cello|HasA|keys
caterpillar|beetle|CapableOf|fly
daughter|actress|HasA|green item of clothing
wheel|belt|HasA|number on it
lips|tongue|PartOf|face
deer|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
clock|cigarette|CapableOf|generate light
magazine|tape|IsA|related to music 
faucet|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
rope|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
drill|typewriter|CapableOf|print
gate|hut|IsA|permanent structure
microwave|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
radio|magazine|UsedFor|music related entertainment
elbow|foot|IsA|plural
perch|trout|IsA|card facing left
hose|mixer|IsA|digital device
princess|doctor|IsA|female
otter|hare|AtLocation|on  a tree
wheel|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
otter|skunk|HasProperty|5 letters long
car|truck|UsedFor|eating
garlic|avocado|IsA|fruit
woman|wife|HasProperty|royalty
muscle|neck|IsA|limb
cougar|ox|UsedFor|crossing deserts
crab|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
plug|fan|CapableOf|make sound
actress|sister|HasProperty|older than you
porcupine|groundhog|AtLocation|on tree
cherry|prune|HasProperty|purple
cabin|gate|IsA|religious place
freezer|oven|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
pipe|barrel|UsedFor|building
frog|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
jeep|truck|UsedFor|farming
blouse|gown|HasProperty|worn below the waist
dog|horse|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
tank|screws|CapableOf|transport liquids
actress|aunt|IsA|direct or immediate relation
worm|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
horse|camel|CapableOf|fly
horse|pony|HasA|paws
skunk|rabbit|CapableOf|climb on tree
avocado|raspberry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
typewriter|chisel|PartOf|drawing
mirror|necklace|HasProperty|makes light
drill|comb|CapableOf|writing
rattlesnake|wasp|HasA|walking
window|walls|HasA|diagram on it
caterpillar|worm|IsA|slow mover
groundhog|coyote|HasA|long ears
jeep|car|MadeOf|metal
crayon|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
sled|sailboat|CapableOf|be used on snow
ant|spider|HasA|no legs
finger|leg|IsA|joint
beaver|porcupine|IsA|mammal
camel|zebra|IsA|herbivore
rifle|gun|MadeOf|wood (partially)
asparagus|eel|IsA|fish
house|bed|IsA|permanent structure
mole|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
goat|onions|AtLocation|in water
tomato|lamb|MadeOf|red
socks|shirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
arm|floor|PartOf|room
sink|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pipe|hose|UsedFor|building
pigeon|falcon|HasA|wings
sheep|camel|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
boat|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
eye|toe|HasA|bones
squirrel|rabbit|HasProperty|5 letters long
spider|wasp|IsA|crustecean
deck|bar|PartOf|house
worker|woman|IsA|female
oven|fridge|CapableOf|be plugged in
butterfly|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
brother|father|AtLocation|royal meeting room
wheel|bike|MadeOf|metal
frog|elephant|HasA|eating
room|deck|IsA|body part
apartment|bungalow|IsA|place to live permanently
cat|beetle|HasA|walking
blender|fridge|PartOf|kitchen appliance
sugar|milk|UsedFor|dessert
mixer|clamp|IsA|digital device
rope|plate|CapableOf|contain water
guitar|flute|HasA|keys
buffalo|elephant|HasA|antlers/tusks
rope|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
bolts|tape|MadeOf|metal
accordion|harp|HasA|keys
dress|coat|HasProperty|worn on the neck
spider|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
caribou|elephant|HasA|antlers/tusks
nurse|princess|HasProperty|a picture of a female
scissors|stick|PartOf|drawing
raspberry|cherry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
pliers|chisel|MadeOf|writing
elephant|hyena|MadeOf|a living thing
coat|jacket|HasProperty|usually worn as outer layer
sparrow|dove|HasProperty|a predator
skunk|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
beans|onions|IsA|green vegetable 
pony|goat|HasA|hooves
drill|barrel|UsedFor|daily usage 
pot|tray|MadeOf|metal
tray|screws|UsedFor|storing wine
magazine|stereo|UsedFor|entertainment
microwave|dishwasher|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
beer|wine|IsA|alcohol
fan|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
wheel|tractor|HasA|wheels
mink|otter|IsA|sad
onions|celery|UsedFor|meat replacement
nail|hair|CapableOf|help you walk
frog|beetle|CapableOf|flying
actress|mother|IsA|female
pineapple|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
rattlesnake|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
plug|wheel|AtLocation|kitchen
tower|floor|PartOf|room
socks|boots|AtLocation|above the feet
prune|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
rock|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
elephant|caribou|UsedFor|travel
paintbrush|razor|CapableOf|print
orange|coconut|IsA|vegetable
tiger|buffalo|IsA|predator 
harp|trombone|MadeOf|strings
scarf|necklace|CapableOf|move
chocolate|salad|CapableOf|fry
pear|prune|PartOf|a red the color of
apartment|building|IsA|permanent structure
scarf|pants|CapableOf|be worn
grapefruit|pear|HasProperty|yellow
rope|pipe|IsA|firearm
peach|cranberry|IsA|fruit
man|boy|HasProperty|a profession
clarinet|harp|UsedFor|sound
girl|worker|IsA|car
mixer|stereo|AtLocation|at an electronics store
floor|bar|UsedFor|drinking
deck|ceiling|PartOf|body
barrel|tray|AtLocation|at home
guitar|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
daughter|actress|HasA|child
rifle|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
beetle|ant|MadeOf|small animals
arm|hand|AtLocation|in your upper body
wheel|tank|MadeOf|wood
mink|wood|IsA|fragile
prune|plum|HasProperty|yellow
dress|clock|UsedFor|wearing
leopard|tiger|IsA|herbivore
cat|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
house|cabin|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
elephant|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
coat|shirt|AtLocation|over your knees
pear|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
fridge|oven|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
knee|leg|PartOf|lower body
cod|trout|HasA|legs
whisky|bean|IsA|diary food
blender|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
chocolate|meat|UsedFor|dessert
rifle|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
radio|mixer|CapableOf|make sound
pants|jacket|UsedFor|feet
steak|bean|HasA|meat
brow|lips|UsedFor|eating
pliers|chisel|UsedFor|crafts
boy|cousin|IsA|male
alligator|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
pony|rabbit|IsA|something a farmer would own
window|ceiling|PartOf|garage
actress|nurse|HasA|an adult on it
neck|shoulder|PartOf|the upper body
caterpillar|beetle|HasA|wings
bison|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
blender|stove|UsedFor|storing food 
rabbit|hare|UsedFor|swimming
jacket|sack|UsedFor|transporting things
flute|saxophone|CapableOf|be played with mouth
car|bike|HasA|wheels
bedroom|hut|IsA|permanent structure
cousin|wife|HasProperty|male
strawberry|plum|HasA|edible skin
chisel|spatula|CapableOf|make holes 
donkey|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
socks|skirt|HasA|sleeves
wasp|butterfly|CapableOf|fly 
garlic|onions|HasProperty|green
sparrow|duck|HasProperty|a predator
tent|cabin|IsA|relatively small
pony|donkey|UsedFor|a source of milk
prune|cranberry|HasA|stone 
grapefruit|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
pants|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
eye|hair|AtLocation|on you head
tractor|yacht|HasA|wheels
radio|magazine|IsA|digital device
bike|tractor|UsedFor|eating
turtle|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
bison|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
cannon|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
lantern|cigarette|AtLocation|neck
woman|mother|IsA|profession
soup|chocolate|IsA|meat
horse|camel|UsedFor|a source of milk
canoe|yacht|CapableOf|be used on snow
salad|whisky|IsA|diary food
snail|flea|IsA|plant
jacket|robe|UsedFor|protection
sandwich|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
skunk|raccoon|MadeOf|green
woodpecker|owl|HasA|large wing span
scooter|jeep|HasA|wheels
daughter|sister|PartOf|your family
actress|girlfriend|IsA|male
blender|kettle|UsedFor|cooking food
fingers|neck|IsA|body part
worm|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
hare|mole|AtLocation|water usually
lobster|chicken|HasA|legs
sister|daughter|UsedFor|a married person
doctor|worker|UsedFor|transportation
window|bar|HasProperty|vertical
floor|window|PartOf|garage
leg|shoulder|CapableOf|carrying objects
brother|son|HasProperty|an older relative
dishwasher|stove|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
wife|actress|HasProperty|exclusively female
pencil|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
scissors|razor|CapableOf|be used for drawing
tank|bike|MadeOf|metal
shoes|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
rattlesnake|snail|CapableOf|be found in the water
cod|tuna|HasA|legs
leg|liver|AtLocation|on your head
deer|coyote|IsA|mammal
shoulder|hand|HasProperty|something humans have two of
salad|chocolate|IsA|colour red
sink|door|CapableOf|can you sit on it
mixer|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
spatula|pen|CapableOf|print
arm|shoulder|MadeOf|upper body parts
saxophone|harpsichord|HasA|strings
rocket|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bacon|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
giraffe|camel|HasA|antlers/tusks
pliers|brush|HasProperty|cutting
octopus|perch|IsA|black and white
car|bike|AtLocation|in water
coat|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
neck|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
wheel|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
typewriter|brush|HasProperty|cutting
skunk|raccoon|AtLocation|underground
mole|beaver|HasA|long ear
donkey|dog|IsA|something a farmer would own
wheel|barrel|CapableOf|use electricity
blouse|gown|AtLocation|on your upper torso
plug|mixer|MadeOf|paper
pelican|eagle|HasA|start with a p
falcon|duck|HasA|long beak
fridge|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
rope|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
arm|hand|IsA|specific joint
eggplant|garlic|HasA|have a green stem
raft|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
hand|fingers|HasA|more than one joint
cherry|orange|UsedFor|testy
window|deck|IsA|part of a building
wife|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
barrel|plate|UsedFor|harm
cat|spider|IsA|household pet
grapefruit|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
rocker|hose|IsA|digital device
comb|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
comb|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
hand|arm|AtLocation|below waist
foot|knees|HasProperty|below the waist 
broccoli|corn|IsA|fruit
cottage|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
sack|trousers|HasA|wheel
mole|squirrel|AtLocation|on tree
father|mother|IsA|car
rocker|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
rattlesnake|beaver|HasA|long ear
wasp|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
asparagus|chicken|IsA|water animal
umbrella|shield|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
snail|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
pineapple|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
rabbit|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
stick|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
mixer|faucet|HasA|a type of metal
cougar|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
leg|hair|AtLocation|inside
spider|ant|HasA|wings
balloon|jet|CapableOf|float 
shoulder|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
bedroom|barn|IsA|permanent structure
screwdriver|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
inn|apartment|HasProperty|a black and white picture
barn|chapel|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
brush|razor|CapableOf|writing
cupboard|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
horse|camel|HasA|stripes
rocker|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
beaver|rabbit|HasA|hooves
mixer|stereo|UsedFor|water
grenade|cannon|HasProperty|tiger
cherry|banana|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
stove|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bathroom|bar|UsedFor|working with computer
elephant|bison|HasA|antlers
pigeon|eagle|AtLocation|at a beach
otter|rabbit|IsA|otter
octopus|chicken|IsA|fish
daughter|father|CapableOf|be a lady
shoulder|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
coconut|garlic|HasA|stone 
actress|princess|IsA|female (strictly)
cow|cat|PartOf|jumping
bagpipe|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
sink|spoon|CapableOf|make things cold
rocket|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
coconut|orange|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
cousin|girl|HasA|a blood relation with you
pony|tiger|IsA|teeth
bathroom|floor|HasA|diagram on it
screwdriver|stick|HasProperty|cutting
sink|ladle|UsedFor|stirring
worker|nurse|IsA|profession
hose|stereo|HasA|string or line
leg|toe|IsA|part of the skeleton
porcupine|raccoon|IsA|predator
onions|cucumber|IsA|vegetable
skis|boat|UsedFor|single person transport
squirrel|beaver|AtLocation|underground
cloak|robe|UsedFor|protection
rocket|drill|IsA|vessel
drill|bolts|CapableOf|be launched/fired
stick|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
door|curtains|CapableOf|be sat on
spatula|knife|CapableOf|to paint
alligator|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
porcupine|squirrel|HasA|long ear
stereo|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
skunk|metal|IsA|bottle
radio|fan|HasA|a type of metal
orange|tomato|HasProperty|sweet
carpet|bedroom|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
bison|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
leg|arm|IsA|organ
salmon|perch|HasA|red shell when cooked
porcupine|mink|HasA|long ears
alligator|iguana|HasProperty|poisonous
wheel|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
sheep|horse|CapableOf|be domesticated
saxophone|clarinet|HasProperty|played with just breath
room|fingers|PartOf|house
fan|plug|CapableOf|make sound
princess|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
girlfriend|cousin|IsA|male
typewriter|razor|CapableOf|print
piano|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
eggplant|onions|IsA|green vegetable 
rope|plate|CapableOf|used in war
neck|leg|AtLocation|inside
otter|skunk|IsA|otter
floor|ceiling|HasA|glass
groundhog|squirrel|CapableOf|hunt other animals
mink|wood|MadeOf|animals or plants
barrel|plate|CapableOf|be used in home
curtains|wall|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
candle|cigarette|HasProperty|quite small
jacket|shield|HasProperty|something that is worn
bike|scooter|UsedFor|snow
bar|floor|PartOf|room
stereo|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
toe|knee|HasProperty|upper body
deck|roof|HasProperty|vertical
metal|wood|IsA|fragile
goat|rabbit|IsA|fruit or vegetable
mole|squirrel|CapableOf|be held 
tractor|boat|HasA|an engine
mouth|nose|AtLocation|below mouth
plum|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
door|sofa|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
shoulder|elbow|IsA|upper body part
ox|elephant|HasA|horn
saxophone|trumpet|HasA|keys
horse|camel|IsA|herbivore
neck|arm|PartOf|upper body
trumpet|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
orange|lemon|HasProperty|green
aunt|princess|IsA|female
aunt|sister|UsedFor|a married person
man|aunt|IsA|profession
elephant|deer|HasA|fur
brow|finger|IsA|part of the body
lamp|lantern|HasProperty|quite small
tower|roof|PartOf|garage
piano|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
skis|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
eye|skin|AtLocation|on you head
princess|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
closet|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
magazine|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
cannon|rifle|UsedFor|shooting
camel|caribou|UsedFor|travel
body|nail|AtLocation|on your head
kidney|bone|IsA|organ
cat|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
magazine|oven|CapableOf|be use for transportation
comb|pliers|CapableOf|writing
grapefruit|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
colander|fridge|UsedFor|washing dishes
butter|bean|IsA|liquid
barrel|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
cherry|garlic|CapableOf|spices
sink|freezer|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
typewriter|brush|UsedFor|cutting
squirrel|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
elbow|toe|IsA|part of the skeleton
shoulder|elbow|UsedFor|breaking down a door
tank|truck|AtLocation|in there
stereo|radio|UsedFor|mixing audio inputs
wheel|clamp|UsedFor|entertainment
rifle|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
wheel|scooter|CapableOf|roll
fingers|elbow|MadeOf|a whole body part
jet|helicopter|UsedFor|transportation
tiger|goat|HasA|fur
screwdriver|drill|PartOf|drawing
buggy|tractor|UsedFor|eating
wheel|jeep|HasA|two rows of seats
soup|wine|HasProperty|a liquid
hair|eye|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
buggy|boat|UsedFor|delivering parcels
rocket|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pineapple|lemon|HasProperty|yellow
tap|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
raspberry|peach|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
knife|pencil|CapableOf|be used for hair
shoes|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
fan|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
wheel|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
typewriter|crayon|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
tuba|harmonica|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
tray|cupboard|CapableOf|can you sit on it
pear|garlic|IsA|berry
rattlesnake|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
beetle|caterpillar|HasA|legs, six or more
bag|sack|IsA|piece of clothing
falcon|vulture|IsA|dangerous bird
camel|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
screwdriver|pen|IsA|cuting
worker|wife|IsA|family member
deck|window|IsA|body part
chicken|crab|HasA|red shell when cooked
fawn|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
body|arm|IsA|on the lower half 
snail|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
coat|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
liquor|sugar|IsA|diary food
magazine|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
fridge|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
ant|flea|CapableOf|fly
pear|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
rifle|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
snail|squirrel|IsA|plant
toe|liver|AtLocation|on your head
stereo|rope|HasA|string or line
father|mother|IsA|family member
tiger|frog|IsA|teeth
stove|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
leg|bone|IsA|limb
tank|grenade|HasProperty|tiger
elephant|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
elbow|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
camel|caribou|CapableOf|carry a adult human
crocodile|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
room|tower|PartOf|room
stick|drill|CapableOf|be used for drawing
cherry|coconut|PartOf|eating
pen|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
son|daughter|IsA|direct relation
brush|pen|IsA|construction tool
tractor|car|HasProperty|consuming fuel
thigh|forearm|IsA|plural
bean|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
onions|garlic|HasProperty|green
cod|catfish|HasA|name beginning with c
tap|hose|IsA|electronic device
gown|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
pants|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
chapel|house|IsA|component of a home
actress|woman|IsA|female
bed|willow|IsA|tool
salad|supper|HasA|meat
drill|screws|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
mother|girl|IsA|male
tower|roof|PartOf|human body
actress|aunt|HasProperty|exclusively female
cottage|church|IsA|4 letter word
sheep|horse|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
leg|ankle|PartOf|upper body
cherry|avocado|IsA|vegetable
apartment|house|IsA|relatively small
elephant|camel|HasA|fur
salmon|tuna|IsA|fish
buffalo|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
flea|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
father|wife|IsA|profession
cat|frog|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
trousers|boots|PartOf|pair
crocodile|hyena|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
mink|skunk|IsA|bottle
frog|snail|AtLocation|nature
plum|banana|IsA|physical fruit or veg
clamp|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
raccoon|mole|IsA|mammal
fingers|neck|UsedFor|holding an apple
caribou|camel|UsedFor|travel
wasp|beetle|CapableOf|sting
yacht|car|UsedFor|delivering parcels
mole|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
nurse|boy|IsA|noun
avocado|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
cod|trout|IsA|water animal
bed|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
boots|socks|PartOf|lower waistline
woman|nurse|IsA|head
apartment|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
deer|bison|UsedFor|human transport
spider|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
flea|snail|IsA|colorful 
toe|knees|AtLocation|upper body
boat|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
tape|hose|AtLocation|kitchen
mole|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
worm|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
wheelbarrow|jeans|UsedFor|transporting things
closet|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
screws|tray|UsedFor|storing wine
building|house|AtLocation|at your home
shoes|boots|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
rabbit|mole|MadeOf|green
squirrel|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
cousin|brother|IsA|royalty
milk|chocolate|IsA|colour red
pineapple|banana|IsA|red  or orang
goat|pony|IsA|something a farmer would own
finger|shoulder|IsA|plural
razor|brush|UsedFor|grooming
scooter|wheel|HasA|an engine
cigarette|candle|HasProperty|something to be worn
mole|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
tent|gate|AtLocation|at your home
window|bathroom|CapableOf|be used home
tank|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
hare|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
window|ceiling|IsA|body part
strawberry|orange|HasProperty|yellow
blender|ladle|CapableOf|make things cold
neck|arm|IsA|joint
wrist|foot|IsA|plural
salad|bean|IsA|liquid
guitar|trombone|HasA|strings
coconut|olive|HasA|seeds
cupboard|bed|UsedFor|lighting
faucet|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
butter|sugar|CapableOf|fry
necklace|pants|IsA|home appliance
rifle|gun|CapableOf|be held in a hand
coconut|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
brush|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
broccoli|beans|IsA|vegetable
bed|wall|UsedFor|storage
leg|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
camel|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
room|tower|PartOf|house
chapel|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
nail|toe|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
mirror|lantern|IsA|nice smelling object
thigh|knee|PartOf|lower body
plate|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
bean|steak|UsedFor|dinner
hare|squirrel|UsedFor|swimming
pencil|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
elk|caribou|IsA|specific type of deer
worm|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
plum|garlic|IsA|physical fruit or veg
blouse|dress|IsA|worn on the lower body
frog|sheep|CapableOf|be domesticated
jet|airplane|HasA|wings
arm|finger|HasProperty|upper body
fawn|elk|AtLocation|carnivorous
perch|catfish|HasA|red shell when cooked
cucumber|avocado|HasProperty|green
blouse|sack|IsA|worn on the lower body
spider|cat|MadeOf|small animals
paintbrush|razor|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
radio|stereo|MadeOf|metal
scooter|bike|CapableOf|roll
ankle|toe|CapableOf|carrying objects
tuba|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
cannon|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
bolts|plug|IsA|related to music 
cabin|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
horse|cow|AtLocation|pet store
dress|boots|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
throat|tongue|PartOf|makeup regimen
wheel|pipe|CapableOf|store or transport water
brush|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
gorilla|cheetah|IsA|predator 
beaver|raccoon|CapableOf|attack human
hose|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
doctor|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
cupboard|bed|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
freezer|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
worker|actress|HasProperty|a picture of a female
stick|knife|UsedFor|grooming
pants|jeans|PartOf|lower waistline
coat|dress|HasProperty|worn on the neck
vulture|pigeon|HasA|wings
spider|ant|IsA|insect
church|cathedral|HasA|own altar
banjo|flute|IsA|wind instrument
seagull|starling|HasA|large wing span
ceiling|bathroom|AtLocation|on the outside of building
eel|cod|IsA|water animal
bar|floor|HasProperty|vertical
olive|lemon|IsA|fruit
rabbit|pony|HasProperty|fluffy
saxophone|piano|IsA|wind instrument
cow|cat|HasA|tail
spider|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
plum|avocado|PartOf|a red the color of
mink|squirrel|IsA|otter
nurse|doctor|IsA|profession
dog|deer|HasA| mane (hair on it)
skateboard|bike|IsA|powered vehicle
bacon|sandwich|HasProperty|two syllables
elk|porcupine|IsA|predator
moth|cockroach|HasProperty|an insect
oven|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pen|spatula|CapableOf|print
dishwasher|stove|CapableOf|be plugged in
steak|supper|HasA|vegetable(s)
plum|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
scissors|brush|UsedFor|writing
dishwasher|sink|CapableOf|make things cold
arm|leg|AtLocation|inside
man|boy|CapableOf|bear a child
magazine|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
butterfly|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
mother|nurse|HasA|the color brown in it
brush|chisel|MadeOf|writing
bolts|pipe|UsedFor|harm
canoe|sailboat|HasA|engine
stove|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
cherry|avocado|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
fridge|magazine|UsedFor|keeping things cool
rifle|rocket|UsedFor|firing artillery
arm|wrist|PartOf|upper body
finger|elbow|PartOf|upper body
moth|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
paintbrush|spatula|PartOf|drawing
body|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
wheel|rocket|UsedFor|harm
guitar|banjo|HasA|keys
faucet|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
skunk|raccoon|CapableOf|hunt other animals
arm|elbow|IsA|limb
sparrow|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
muscle|blood|AtLocation|below your waist
banana|raspberry|PartOf|a red the color of
salad|milk|CapableOf|fry
fan|mixer|CapableOf|directly make sound(using speakers)
groundhog|rabbit|HasA|hooves
perch|trout|IsA|fish
camel|gorilla|IsA|type of cat
elbow|forearm|MadeOf|a whole body part
catfish|eel|IsA|fish
wheel|car|AtLocation|in there
hut|chapel|IsA|place to live permanently
rattlesnake|ant|CapableOf|flying
wheel|truck|UsedFor|snow
room|roof|MadeOf|wood
rabbit|mink|AtLocation|on tree
spatula|stick|MadeOf|writing
tractor|skis|AtLocation|in water
son|uncle|AtLocation|in a royal family
lobster|crab|IsA|black and white
spade|broom|CapableOf|be used in the house
rock|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
jeep|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
deer|elk|IsA|has horns
raccoon|mole|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
salmon|perch|IsA|name begging with c
neck|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
rock|fan|IsA|digital device
donkey|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
dog|bison|HasA|fur
elbow|ankle|IsA|plural
arm|neck|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
arm|shoulder|AtLocation|upper body
flute|piano|UsedFor|sound
body|muscle|IsA|limb
stove|toaster|UsedFor|heating items up
bone|arm|IsA|on the lower half 
ceiling|window|IsA|part of a building
orange|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
ceiling|walls|PartOf|body
jeans|shoes|AtLocation|on lower body
wheel|hose|UsedFor|daily usage 
drill|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
tiger|rabbit|UsedFor|human transport
hyena|gorilla|PartOf|the cat family
mug|bucket|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
knee|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
bedroom|wall|UsedFor|sleep
lime|cherry|IsA|vegetable
lemon|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
canoe|raft|UsedFor|riding on water
rifle|shotgun|HasProperty|longer than one foot
wheel|sailboat|HasA|engine
squirrel|hare|HasA|gray fur
house|barn|IsA|component of a home
hose|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
dishwasher|fridge|UsedFor|preserving food
beaver|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
tap|wheel|MadeOf|paper
spider|flea|CapableOf|fly
leg|toe|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
wheel|screws|CapableOf|destroy a building
lemon|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
onions|corn|IsA|vegetable
wheel|tray|AtLocation|at home
socks|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
typewriter|scissors|CapableOf|be used for drawing
raft|skis|AtLocation|in water
hair|skin|AtLocation|on you head
jeep|car|HasProperty|consuming fuel
rattlesnake|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
cupboard|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
zebra|buffalo|IsA|has horns
bungalow|house|IsA|component of a home
bison|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
man|cousin|HasProperty|female
sink|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
raccoon|groundhog|HasProperty|originated from north america
crayon|knife|PartOf|drawing
screws|tank|MadeOf|wood
skunk|squirrel|PartOf|herd
plug|magazine|IsA|digital device
rope|hose|MadeOf|metal
wheel|screws|AtLocation|at home
neck|tongue|CapableOf| taste
room|window|PartOf|body
shotgun|barrel|HasProperty|tiger
princess|woman|UsedFor|transportation
plug|rope|UsedFor|water
hare|skunk|CapableOf|climb on tree
hose|radio|MadeOf|paper
woman|wife|HasProperty|female
jeans|trousers|AtLocation|on lower body
grapefruit|raspberry|HasA|big seed
snail|butterfly|HasProperty|an insect
jeep|skateboard|UsedFor|land suitable one
radio|stereo|UsedFor|entertainment
grenade|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
saxophone|tuba|HasA|strings
steak|soup|HasA|meat
crayon|comb|IsA|construction tool
eye|ankle|IsA|limb
mouse|spider|HasA|tail
car|buggy|UsedFor|war
plug|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
whisky|liquor|IsA|diary food
strainer|wheel|HasProperty|circular
curtains|sofa|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
snail|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
jacket|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
elephant|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
jacket|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
ant|squirrel|HasA|walking
sauce|milk|UsedFor|recipes 
garlic|broccoli|UsedFor|cleaning
bag|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
salmon|tuna|IsA|name begging with c
trousers|jeans|UsedFor|transporting things
daughter|girlfriend|HasProperty|a picture of a female
faucet|plug|HasA|string or line
skirt|pants|AtLocation|upper part of body
thermometer|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
mink|raccoon|HasA|hair/fur
liver|nail|HasA|bones
bolts|plate|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
trousers|skirt|UsedFor|warming upper body
toe|leg|IsA|upper body part
comb|pencil|MadeOf|writing
curtains|sofa|PartOf|the entrance to a room
banjo|tuba|HasA|keys
man|worker|HasProperty|male
mother|wife|IsA|younger person
cannon|grenade|CapableOf|be used one-handed
rabbit|cat|UsedFor|human transport
bed|pine|IsA|weapon
mackerel|catfish|IsA|water animal
raspberry|orange|IsA|red  or orang
banjo|accordion|UsedFor|sound
actress|doctor|IsA|family member
stereo|faucet|CapableOf|be turned on
carpet|wall|UsedFor|sleep
pencil|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pencil|scissors|PartOf|what is your name this
shirt|blouse|HasProperty|worn by a woman
bolts|rock|IsA|related to music 
porcupine|mole|HasA|hooves
plug|tap|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
blouse|dress|IsA|an accessory
wheelbarrow|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
mother|sister|IsA|direct or immediate relation
chocolate|sauce|IsA|diary food
clamp|radio|IsA|digital device
trombone|harp|MadeOf|strings
sack|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
sofa|curtains|CapableOf|contain items
necklace|pants|UsedFor|wearing
rattlesnake|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
milk|chocolate|UsedFor|desserts
jeans|gown|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
cigarette|mirror|UsedFor|wearing
clarinet|trombone|IsA|wind instrument
fan|rock|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
cherry|plum|HasA|(usually) edible skin
guitar|piano|IsA|brass instrument
giraffe|crocodile|IsA|like a cat
plug|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
pipe|wheel|CapableOf|destroy a building
wheelbarrow|bag|IsA|an accessory
corn|onions|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
squirrel|skunk|CapableOf|climb trees
screwdriver|chisel|IsA|construction tool
liver|arm|AtLocation|on head
chapel|building|IsA|permanent structure
cupboard|door|IsA|electrical appliance
roof|tower|AtLocation|at ground level
sailboat|truck|AtLocation|in there
beer|liquor|IsA|liquid
apartment|inn|HasA|start with a b
onions|garlic|UsedFor|cleaning
snail|ant|CapableOf|fly
plug|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
mixer|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
caribou|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
ankle|knees|IsA|joint
mink|skunk|HasA|horn
goat|deer|HasA|hooves
mackerel|cod|HasA|fins
porcupine|squirrel|PartOf|herd
cheetah|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
shrimp|trout|AtLocation|at sea
banana|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
toe|neck|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
knee|thigh|PartOf|lower body
hose|bolts|IsA|digital device
nose|tongue|HasProperty|used affected during make up
pony|crocodile|IsA|teeth
dress|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
chicken|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
crab|eel|AtLocation|at sea
blouse|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
pear|avocado|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
tiger|crocodile|HasA|trunk
neck|hand|IsA|body part
skirt|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
bowl|boat|IsA| mode of transportation 
frog|cat|IsA|insect
typewriter|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
wasp|snail|IsA|colorful 
kite|vulture|UsedFor|a national symbol
mother|aunt|HasProperty|older than you
cottage|bungalow|IsA|red home
squirrel|hare|CapableOf|be held 
faucet|bolts|MadeOf|metal/steel
aunt|wife|IsA|profession
plate|pistol|CapableOf|be used in home
pony|cow|HasA|hooves
flea|frog|CapableOf|flying
cucumber|onions|IsA|fruit
sofa|curtains|UsedFor|lighting
cod|catfish|HasA|shell
clock|tray|CapableOf|generate light
door|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
leopard|cougar|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
lantern|lamp|UsedFor|lighting
eel|tuna|IsA|mollusk
cabin|barn|IsA|red home
rattlesnake|beetle|IsA|colorful 
pipe|tray|AtLocation|at home
radio|mixer|CapableOf|make or play music
stork|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
cherry|pear|HasA|edible skin
cousin|woman|UsedFor|transportation
potatoes|butter|UsedFor|recipes 
tap|tape|IsA|digital device
squirrel|elephant|IsA|reptile
skis|tank|AtLocation|in there
cherry|prune|HasA|yellow color
trombone|trumpet|MadeOf|brass
walls|tower|HasProperty|indoor
bolts|drill|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
closet|tray|CapableOf|be plumbed in
pipe|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
accordion|piano|HasA|neck
inn|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
shoulder|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
bacon|soup|IsA|liquid
shrimp|perch|IsA|black and white
truck|tractor|CapableOf|hold more than one person
duck|chicken|IsA|fruit or vegetable
fawn|elk|HasA|hooves
wheel|tap|CapableOf|make sound
pencil|razor|IsA|construction tool
snail|caterpillar|IsA|insect
chocolate|steak|IsA|diary food
skunk|otter|IsA|sad
skin|muscle|AtLocation|below your waist
toe|foot|AtLocation|upper body
bar|bathroom|PartOf|human body
jeans|trousers|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
sailboat|canoe|HasA|an engine
tank|rifle|UsedFor|harm
beaver|fawn|HasA|hair/fur
necklace|cigarette|MadeOf|glass
stove|microwave|UsedFor|heating items up
neck|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
rabbit|squirrel|HasA|eating
orange|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
cucumber|celery|IsA|vegetable
forearm|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
wife|daughter|HasA|child
bagpipe|harmonica|HasA|strings
deer|bison|IsA|something a farmer would own
walls|room|HasA|diagram on it
sink|colander|HasA|power supply
camel|caribou|IsA|violent creature
meal|bean|HasA|vegetables
kite|eagle|UsedFor|a national symbol
groundhog|mole|HasA|horn
chicken|tomato|AtLocation|in water
zebra|crocodile|IsA|like a cat
robe|blouse|HasProperty|something that can be worn
floor|room|HasProperty|enclosed
bar|walls|HasA|diagram on it
bison|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
toe|ankle|IsA|plural
prune|raspberry|IsA|fruit
tiger|buffalo|IsA|has horns
aunt|boy|IsA|profession
hare|groundhog|HasA|horn
father|wife|UsedFor|transportation
squirrel|flea|IsA|plant
dog|cat|CapableOf|be domesticated
pony|rabbit|HasA| mane (hair on it)
inn|gate|HasA| place for worship
broccoli|cucumber|HasProperty|green
duck|eagle|CapableOf|fly
tap|faucet|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
shrimp|chicken|IsA|black and white
wheel|buggy|AtLocation|in water
toilet|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
coyote|mole|IsA|mammal
trombone|clarinet|MadeOf|metal
house|chapel|HasProperty|a black and white picture
barrel|rope|IsA|firearm
paintbrush|brush|PartOf|what is the name of 
crayon|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
hyena|crocodile|IsA|predator 
bag|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
cupboard|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
tray|candle|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
hyena|buffalo|IsA|has horns
bolts|wheel|UsedFor|restraining things
nurse|woman|HasProperty|a picture of a female
garlic|coconut|PartOf|eating
wine|whisky|HasProperty|alcoholic
rifle|hose|CapableOf|be used in home
rattlesnake|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
kettle|stove|UsedFor|heating items up
banjo|harp|HasA|keys
candle|mirror|HasProperty|something to be worn
pigeon|stork|CapableOf|be a household pet
knee|thigh|HasProperty|has five toes
tank|gun|CapableOf|used in war
clarinet|accordion|IsA|brass instrument
screwdriver|scissors|IsA|cuting
brush|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
spider|cat|HasA|eating
sandwich|salad|HasProperty|two syllables
drill|barrel|UsedFor|harm
banjo|trombone|MadeOf|wood
cottage|house|HasA| place for worship
frog|cat|MadeOf|small animals
uncle|brother|IsA|parentage relation
spear|bed|HasProperty|alive
cottage|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
hand|forearm|AtLocation|upper body
elbow|forearm|AtLocation|below where a watch is
beetle|snail|IsA|plant
stick|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
rifle|grenade|HasProperty|made for violence
leg|neck|IsA|part of the skeleton
worker|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
sink|cupboard|UsedFor|heating items up
tap|stereo|CapableOf|be turned on
cannon|tank|CapableOf|transport liquids
sack|bag|IsA|worn on the lower body
sink|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
trousers|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
frog|dog|HasA|horn on head
bar|tower|PartOf|house
rope|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
wheel|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
screws|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
avocado|prune|HasProperty|yellow
cat|pony|AtLocation|pet store
rope|rock|IsA|electric 
coat|gown|HasA|sleeves
bedroom|sofa|UsedFor|lighting
dress|pants|AtLocation|on neck
cannon|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
giraffe|cougar|IsA|has horns
neck|finger|PartOf|house
bucket|tray|MadeOf|metal
salad|sugar|UsedFor|dessert
clarinet|cello|MadeOf|strings
ant|beetle|IsA|slow mover
dog|pony|AtLocation|pet store
camel|zebra|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
crocodile|zebra|IsA|an animal
clamp|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
gun|rifle|UsedFor|bullets
foot|thigh|PartOf|lower body
toe|leg|HasProperty|lower body
rabbit|goat|CapableOf|be domesticated
knee|knees|PartOf|upper body
coconut|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
cannon|screws|CapableOf|use electricity
beetle|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
elephant|horse|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
screws|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
drill|stick|UsedFor|writing
raccoon|groundhog|AtLocation|carnivorous
daughter|doctor|IsA|car
harmonica|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
dishwasher|stove|PartOf|kitchen appliance
sheep|frog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
harp|violin|IsA|wind instrument
typewriter|crayon|UsedFor|driving screws
lemon|garlic|CapableOf|delicious
house|hut|HasA| 5 letters or less
tomato|onions|PartOf|stir fry
mink|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
catfish|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
lemon|pineapple|HasProperty|yellow
sister|aunt|IsA|sibling
harmonica|accordion|MadeOf|strings
snail|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
thermometer|clock|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
corn|onions|IsA|green vegetable 
pencil|crayon|CapableOf|print
wasp|spider|IsA|plant
salmon|catfish|IsA|card facing left
necklace|scarf|IsA|home appliance
boat|buggy|UsedFor|eating
lantern|lamp|HasProperty|something to be worn
harp|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
tap|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
uncle|father|IsA|direct relation
milk|sauce|UsedFor|dessert
lamp|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
knife|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
fridge|oven|MadeOf|maybe
mother|woman|HasProperty|female
candle|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
trumpet|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
plug|rope|CapableOf|provide water
spear|bayonet|UsedFor|sleeping
elephant|tiger|IsA|something a farmer would own
hose|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
walls|roof|CapableOf|let in air
cherry|pineapple|IsA|fruit
beer|sugar|IsA|diary food
tank|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
skirt|jacket|PartOf|pair
candle|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
closet|bed|UsedFor|making food
bayonet|broom|HasProperty|alive
accordion|clarinet|HasA|strings
brush|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
finger|hand|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
dog|cat|HasProperty|fluffy
eggplant|garlic|IsA|purple vegetable
accordion|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
rattlesnake|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
asparagus|shrimp|HasA|fins
hare|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
typewriter|drill|PartOf|drawing
snail|beetle|IsA|colorful 
cockroach|squirrel|IsA|plant
church|building|IsA|permanent structure
lantern|lamp|CapableOf|move
strawberry|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
truck|tractor|CapableOf|carry multiple people
crayon|razor|PartOf|drawing
cannon|gun|UsedFor|work
frog|dog|HasProperty|carnivorous
scissors|pliers|CapableOf|be used for drawing
worker|boy|UsedFor|food
tape|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
pine|willow|IsA|man made thing
crab|chicken|IsA|fish
skateboard|canoe|AtLocation|in there
buggy|tank|UsedFor|farming
cherry|coconut|UsedFor|testy
zebra|giraffe|IsA|type of cat
bison|cow|IsA|typical pet
hand|knee|IsA|plural
snail|spider|CapableOf|fly
wheel|rope|IsA|digital device
microwave|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
squirrel|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
house|hut|HasProperty|a black and white picture
typewriter|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
chocolate|butter|IsA|meat
scissors|knife|UsedFor|grooming
pliers|pencil|PartOf|drawing
pliers|spatula|UsedFor|crafts
toaster|blender|CapableOf|be plugged in
wheel|screws|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
lemon|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
tiger|cougar|IsA|predator 
cart|horse|AtLocation|in africa
trombone|flute|UsedFor|sound
leg|knee|HasProperty|below the waist 
microwave|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cod|crab|AtLocation|at sea
pencil|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
sparrow|duck|HasA|large wingspan
parakeet|starling|HasProperty|a predator
pistol|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
stick|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bolts|fan|MadeOf|metal
mouth|tongue|CapableOf| taste
necklace|dress|MadeOf|threads
knee|knees|HasProperty|has five toes
chandelier|lantern|CapableOf|give off light/glow
meal|soup|UsedFor|dinner
sparrow|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
buzzard|seagull|HasA|large wing span
goat|duck|CapableOf|eating
tap|mixer|MadeOf|paper
shoulder|ankle|UsedFor|a fight
beetle|ant|HasA|walking
princess|mother|AtLocation|in a castle
octopus|shrimp|IsA|fish
hose|pipe|CapableOf|transport liquids
hose|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
actress|princess|IsA|car
nurse|worker|IsA|occupation
liver|muscle|AtLocation|on the inside
tape|mixer|MadeOf|paper
fridge|freezer|UsedFor|making food
brush|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
tape|rock|IsA|mostly black in colour
onions|corn|HasProperty|green (most part)
pear|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
cherry|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
stick|comb|CapableOf|be used for drawing
foot|body|PartOf|the images displayed
pen|knife|CapableOf|print
rocket|wheel|CapableOf|contain water
rope|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
trout|eel|IsA|water animal
church|building|IsA|component of a home
porcupine|mole|PartOf|herd
wheel|truck|UsedFor|water
camel|cow|IsA|something a farmer would own
wasp|worm|MadeOf|small animals
banjo|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
zebra|perch|HasA|red shell when cooked
woman|man|CapableOf|bear a child
arm|wrist|AtLocation|upper body
fan|stereo|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
camel|ox|AtLocation|in hot climates 
rope|screws|CapableOf|use electricity
cow|frog|PartOf|jumping
man|woman|CapableOf|bear a child
beetle|moth|HasProperty|an insect
squirrel|elephant|IsA|mammal
skirt|blouse|HasProperty|something that can be worn
leg|finger|PartOf|house
prune|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
leopard|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
potato|rabbit|HasProperty|red
soup|butter|IsA|meat
girlfriend|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
tank|buggy|HasA|an engine
pelican|pigeon|CapableOf|attack others
scissors|crayon|UsedFor|cutting
duck|lamb|MadeOf|red
rocket|drill|CapableOf|use electricity
jacket|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
hut|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
floor|roof|PartOf|house
woman|actress|HasA|a blood relation with you
caterpillar|ant|IsA|slow mover
eagle|pelican|PartOf|wild life
rocker|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
drill|screwdriver|UsedFor|crafts
lobster|catfish|IsA|water animal
beetle|ant|HasA|no legs
brush|screwdriver|CapableOf|be used for drawing
neck|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
dog|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
mink|porcupine|CapableOf|hunt other animals
pen|pencil|MadeOf|only metal
octopus|eel|HasA|fins
bridge|church|AtLocation|at your home
flute|clarinet|MadeOf|brass
rabbit|cat|AtLocation|pet store
house|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
barrel|hose|IsA|vessel
drill|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
mackerel|catfish|AtLocation|at sea
plug|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
plug|tap|HasA|string or line
banana|lemon|HasA|usually inedible skin
bagpipe|accordion|UsedFor|sound
rabbit|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
catfish|cod|IsA|mollusk
tape|fan|HasProperty|round shaped
scooter|tank|UsedFor|eating
wheel|scooter|UsedFor|eating
lamp|candle|CapableOf|generate light
harp|banjo|MadeOf|strings
hut|house|AtLocation|at your home
trumpet|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
rocker|radio|MadeOf|steel
curtains|sofa|UsedFor|lighting
goat|deer|IsA|typical pet
pistol|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
falcon|pelican|IsA|alive 
tap|tape|UsedFor|can your card used home
sugar|butter|AtLocation|in the ground
skunk|deer|HasProperty|living in water
lemon|coconut|CapableOf|delicious
girl|man|IsA|family member
skunk|deer|IsA|herbivore
crab|perch|IsA|water animal
pipe|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
microwave|fan|UsedFor|keeping things cool
bathroom|ceiling|PartOf|a house
forearm|elbow|AtLocation|in your upper body
giraffe|buffalo|IsA|like a cat
brother|father|IsA|male
tank|wheel|MadeOf|wood
screwdriver|spatula|MadeOf|writing
pineapple|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
pistol|cannon|HasProperty|made for violence
lantern|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
pen|paintbrush|PartOf|what is your name this
typewriter|knife|UsedFor|crafts
house|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
mole|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
grapefruit|banana|HasA|(usually) edible skin
mouth|brow|IsA|part of the body
crocodile|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
stick|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
sheep|rabbit|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
eel|squid|HasA|shell
caribou|elk|HasA|thick body
spoon|kettle|CapableOf|hold water
floor|roof|UsedFor|defense
pants|dress|AtLocation|above the feet
dress|gown|UsedFor|covering legs
trousers|boots|AtLocation|on lower body
tap|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
raspberry|prune|UsedFor|smoothies
pineapple|orange|IsA|citrus fruit
hose|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
scarf|dress|MadeOf|threads
dress|gown|IsA|worn on the lower body
stove|kettle|CapableOf|be plugged in
girl|mother|IsA|job or profession
dishwasher|stove|UsedFor|cooking food
grenade|rocket|HasA|wheels
arm|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
sled|boat|CapableOf|be used on snow
rifle|cannon|UsedFor|shooting
leg|foot|AtLocation|on lower body
necklace|mirror|CapableOf|give off light/glow
raccoon|squirrel|CapableOf|climb trees
grenade|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
fingers|finger|HasProperty|lower body
zebra|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
tray|blender|UsedFor|heating items up
hose|plate|UsedFor|shooting
plug|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
mackerel|eel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
coyote|groundhog|IsA|herbivore
cannon|pistol|CapableOf|used in war
brother|prince|AtLocation|royal meeting room
rocker|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rabbit|dog|IsA|carnivore
car|tank|MadeOf|metal
tank|screws|HasA|round shape
hyena|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
worm|cat|CapableOf|flying
rabbit|dog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
cherry|orange|MadeOf|juice making
cod|squid|IsA|water animal
magazine|microwave|MadeOf|maybe
skin|hair|PartOf|the images displayed
alligator|deer|CapableOf|go underground
rattlesnake|turtle|IsA|insect
walls|room|PartOf|house
bacon|sandwich|IsA|diary food
flute|tuba|HasA|strings
skateboard|tank|AtLocation|in there
tomato|duck|MadeOf|red
hose|barrel|HasProperty|flexible
spider|moth|IsA|plant
door|curtains|CapableOf|be used to sleep
bag|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
trombone|flute|MadeOf|metal
lemon|orange|IsA|fruit
woman|nurse|HasProperty|male
cranberry|orange|HasA|edible skin
son|king|IsA|family
bed|door|UsedFor|making food
hose|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
gorilla|zebra|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
camel|giraffe|HasA|tail
cottage|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
goat|cow|HasA|hooves
brush|pliers|CapableOf|print
barn|bed|IsA|red home
squirrel|flea|IsA|colorful 
kite|pigeon|CapableOf|attack others
chapel|cathedral|IsA|religion buildings
arm|leg|PartOf|human body
squid|octopus|IsA|water animal
dishwasher|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
elephant|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
knife|stick|UsedFor|writing
plum|cherry|HasProperty|red
scarf|lantern|UsedFor|providing light
bison|cow|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tractor|jeep|UsedFor|eating
bed|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
pear|prune|IsA|long fruit
wheel|yacht|AtLocation|in there
skunk|porcupine|HasA|long ears
window|deck|PartOf|human body
thigh|knee|AtLocation|below waist
avocado|banana|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
kite|owl|CapableOf|be a household pet
nail|blood|IsA|organ
sparrow|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
bolts|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
daughter|actress|AtLocation|in a castle
cannon|rocket|HasProperty|tiger
beetle|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
crocodile|iguana|HasA| 4 limbs
mother|woman|HasA|a blood relation with you
squirrel|skunk|HasA|long tail
piano|harpsichord|HasA|reed to make it work
pipe|plate|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
necklace|mirror|CapableOf|move
bacon|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
willow|pine|IsA|weapon 
arm|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
frog|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
dog|sheep|HasProperty|fluffy
woman|wife|IsA|female (strictly)
raccoon|porcupine|AtLocation|underground
plug|magazine|MadeOf|metal/steel
fan|radio|UsedFor|keeping things cool
lamb|goat|AtLocation|in water
rabbit|spider|IsA|household pet
umbrella|blouse|HasProperty|something that is worn
chandelier|cigarette|HasProperty|makes light
rock|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
catfish|perch|IsA|fish
skunk|mole|CapableOf|attack human
rope|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
caribou|elk|HasProperty|called reindeer in eurasia
leg|toe|AtLocation|inside
sugar|potatoes|IsA|liquid
leg|toe|IsA|plural
pony|camel|HasProperty|fluffy
fridge|radio|CapableOf|working
grapefruit|plum|HasA|edible skin
bag|sack|UsedFor|transporting things
curtains|bed|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
tank|grenade|IsA|vessel
cousin|daughter|HasA|child
coconut|beans|HasA|seeds
canoe|boat|UsedFor|water
mirror|chandelier|CapableOf|be set alight with match
raccoon|hare|HasProperty|living in water
wrist|shoulder|MadeOf|upper body parts
fingers|forearm|PartOf|upper body
nail|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
wheel|pipe|CapableOf|use electricity
spade|bayonet|IsA|weapon 
banana|plum|IsA|red  or orang
tap|bolts|MadeOf|metal
soup|supper|MadeOf|meat
butterfly|snail|IsA|insect
boy|woman|IsA|job or profession
pencil|paintbrush|UsedFor|drawing or painting
goat|cow|IsA|carnivore 
jeans|pants|HasProperty|worn below the waist
moth|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
spider|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
man|cousin|IsA|profession
dove|starling|HasProperty|a predator
man|doctor|HasProperty|male
liquor|whisky|HasProperty|alcoholic
wheel|car|UsedFor|water
rocker|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
strawberry|cherry|IsA|fruit
skirt|jeans|AtLocation|above the feet
alligator|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
pony|donkey|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
wheel|rope|HasA|number on it
deer|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
raccoon|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
hose|rocket|UsedFor|building
olive|lemon|CapableOf|delicious
banjo|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
fingers|leg|PartOf|house
car|yacht|HasA|wheels
woman|aunt|CapableOf|become pregnant 
orange|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
wife|girl|HasProperty|royalty
house|building|IsA|permanent structure
giraffe|elephant|HasA|stripes
wheel|rope|MadeOf|paper
bolts|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
ankle|knee|HasProperty|upper body
comb|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
shotgun|barrel|UsedFor|work
blood|eye|AtLocation|inside
cockroach|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
body|elbow|AtLocation|on head
cottage|gate|HasA| place for worship
screwdriver|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cat|spider|MadeOf|small animals
door|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
octopus|crab|AtLocation|at sea
sauce|sugar|UsedFor|recipes 
bathroom|room|HasProperty|indoor
arm|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
typewriter|brush|MadeOf|only metal
throat|finger|IsA|pink face feature
forearm|arm|UsedFor|waving
dog|cat|UsedFor|riding
gun|barrel|CapableOf|be used in home
toe|leg|CapableOf|carrying objects
banjo|guitar|IsA|instrument
brush|razor|CapableOf|be used for hair
bean|soup|HasProperty|smaller than your thumb
porcupine|mole|IsA|mammal
tiger|sheep|HasA| mane (hair on it)
ant|caterpillar|HasA|legs, six or more
bed|wall|PartOf|the entrance to a room
harp|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
perch|asparagus|HasA|legs
neck|finger|IsA|body part
window|bathroom|MadeOf|wood
pony|rabbit|IsA|typical pet
coyote|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
cat|snail|IsA|plant
sink|dishwasher|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
rope|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
wife|actress|HasA|child
finger|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
jacket|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
radio|rock|MadeOf|steel
raspberry|pear|PartOf|a red the color of
deer|coyote|AtLocation|carnivorous
drill|hose|CapableOf|be used in home
tap|clamp|UsedFor|entertainment
goat|camel|IsA|typical pet
fridge|microwave|UsedFor|food
pants|skirt|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
octopus|eel|HasA|shell
wheel|rope|UsedFor|shooting
caterpillar|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
door|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
raccoon|mole|IsA|predator
fawn|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
pants|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
tent|cottage|HasProperty|a black and white picture
deck|ceiling|PartOf|room
spatula|scissors|PartOf|drawing
rabbit|hare|AtLocation|on tree
clock|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
faucet|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
forearm|finger|IsA|joint
nurse|doctor|IsA|female (strictly)
door|wall|UsedFor|storage
deer|elk|HasA|hair/fur
ankle|thigh|AtLocation|bottom half of body
squirrel|raccoon|AtLocation|on tree
bag|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
donkey|camel|UsedFor|riding
onions|duck|HasProperty|furry
kettle|sink|AtLocation|on a countertop
tray|oven|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
blender|tray|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
squirrel|porcupine|CapableOf|climb trees
window|room|UsedFor|working with computer
flea|rattlesnake|AtLocation|nature
liver|body|AtLocation|on your head
squirrel|hare|UsedFor|swimming
mother|princess|AtLocation|in a castle
shirt|pants|HasA|wheel
bed|spear|IsA|tree
knife|drill|CapableOf|be used for drawing
boat|jet|CapableOf|transport ships
tray|bucket|HasA|handle
leg|toe|HasProperty|lower body
wasp|flea|HasA|walking
banana|lemon|HasProperty|yellow
cranberry|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
tomato|potato|IsA|n animal
arm|finger|PartOf|body
wheel|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
typewriter|pencil|HasA|bushy tail
wife|princess|IsA|car
rope|fan|IsA|mostly black in colour
drill|comb|CapableOf|be used for drawing
faucet|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
razor|comb|IsA|construction tool
rock|hose|IsA|digital device
blender|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cat|squirrel|HasProperty|four-legged
tower|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head in general
bolts|tape|CapableOf|make sound
zebra|camel|IsA|herbivore
pony|bison|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
thermometer|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
pliers|stick|CapableOf|be used for drawing
cannon|rifle|IsA|weapon
typewriter|stick|CapableOf|to paint
colander|ladle|HasA|power supply
arm|finger|PartOf|the upper body
tap|wheel|CapableOf|make sound
buggy|tank|UsedFor|delivering parcels
kettle|fridge|UsedFor|cooking food
walls|roof|HasProperty|typically vertical
woman|boy|IsA|head
chocolate|meat|CapableOf|fry
bolts|plate|CapableOf|be used in home
clamp|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
horse|rabbit|UsedFor|food products
lemon|peach|IsA|fruit
cougar|bison|HasA|thick body
bolts|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
chapel|house|HasA| place for worship
rabbit|hare|AtLocation|on  a tree
mixer|radio|UsedFor|electronic uses
gate|inn|HasA|own altar
cannon|rifle|IsA|vessel
plum|avocado|PartOf|group or bunch 
beaver|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
scooter|tank|MadeOf|metal
ankle|knee|PartOf|the upper body
kettle|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
guitar|clarinet|HasA|keyboard
finger|neck|CapableOf| taste
buffalo|bison|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
orange|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
elbow|leg|HasA|bones
mother|nurse|HasA|friends on it
skirt|coat|IsA|accessory
pony|goat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
arm|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
wasp|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
trousers|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
tape|wheel|IsA|electric 
rabbit|duck|IsA|animal
camel|crocodile|HasA|trunk
camel|crocodile|IsA|an animal
tap|magazine|MadeOf|metal/steel
shoulder|elbow|HasProperty|bendable
ankle|neck|AtLocation|on your head
asparagus|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
microwave|fan|CapableOf|working
hare|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
cat|frog|CapableOf|jump
roof|ceiling|UsedFor|decoration
barrel|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
spoon|sink|IsA|appliance
fingers|hand|IsA|joint
freezer|dishwasher|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
moth|cockroach|IsA|insect
barrel|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
chisel|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
paintbrush|pen|CapableOf|be used for hair
accordion|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
sheep|goat|IsA|carnivore 
cannon|rocket|UsedFor|storage
cat|squirrel|PartOf|jumping
snail|cat|IsA|insect
deer|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
spade|birch|IsA|weapon
frog|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
mole|rabbit|AtLocation|north america (specifically)
rocker|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rope|drill|CapableOf|hold water
otter|mole|CapableOf|running fast
potato|tomato|IsA|meat or animal
jacket|jeans|UsedFor|feet
clarinet|guitar|MadeOf|wood
thigh|ankle|IsA|upper body part
olive|corn|IsA|fruit
gun|wheel|CapableOf|be used in home
beetle|worm|IsA|bug
harp|cello|MadeOf|strings
porcupine|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
shoulder|elbow|IsA|joint
squirrel|cat|HasProperty|furry
skirt|shoes|HasA|sleeves
bolts|rocket|UsedFor|harm
moth|cockroach|CapableOf|flying
bar|room|IsA|part of a building
squirrel|cat|IsA|insect
wheel|yacht|UsedFor|eating
tuna|perch|HasA|shell
fingers|elbow|AtLocation|in your upper body
tray|screws|MadeOf|metal/steel
drill|chisel|CapableOf|writing
necklace|lamp|UsedFor|wearing
leopard|cougar|IsA|like a cat
mixer|plug|UsedFor|sound waves
kite|hawk|HasA|wings
rabbit|otter|AtLocation|on  a tree
coconut|orange|HasProperty|sweet
butter|meat|UsedFor|recipes 
sheep|horse|UsedFor|food products
trumpet|harpsichord|HasA|strings
wrist|shoulder|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
finger|wrist|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
scissors|brush|IsA|cuting
faucet|stereo|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
giraffe|deer|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
plug|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
bridge|chapel|IsA|public building (typically)
salad|butter|UsedFor|recipes 
orange|pineapple|HasA|usually inedible skin
seagull|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
skirt|blouse|HasProperty|something that is worn
drill|stick|UsedFor|hair
clarinet|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
cow|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
tray|dishwasher|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
cloak|robe|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
apartment|gate|HasA|start with a b
octopus|lobster|IsA|black and white
frog|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
daughter|actress|IsA|sibling
cigarette|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
crayon|drill|MadeOf|writing
seagull|stork|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
butterfly|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
trumpet|flute|HasA|tube
truck|scooter|MadeOf|metal
elk|skunk|IsA|mammal
arm|elbow|PartOf|upper body
turtle|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
skirt|dress|AtLocation|foot
rocker|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
cheetah|gorilla|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
rocket|hose|CapableOf|used in war
finger|arm|IsA|joint
beetle|moth|HasA|walking
jeep|tractor|UsedFor|war
plug|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
ankle|toe|HasProperty|upper body
spatula|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
liquor|whisky|IsA|alcohol
cottage|tent|HasProperty|for the rich
rabbit|hare|HasProperty|a daily dish in restaurant
eel|tuna|AtLocation|at sea
kite|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
frog|deer|UsedFor|human transport
clarinet|trumpet|HasA|keyboard
giraffe|tiger|IsA|has horns
rabbit|horse|IsA|typical pet
fan|mixer|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
grapefruit|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
cottage|house|IsA|component of a home
crab|shrimp|IsA|water animal
fan|mixer|AtLocation|at an electronics store
thigh|elbow|IsA|plural
hose|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
jacket|blouse|UsedFor|protection
raccoon|porcupine|HasA|long ear
fan|stereo|IsA|electric 
mackerel|tuna|HasA|shell
finger|bar|PartOf|room
rocket|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
aunt|wife|HasProperty|royalty
tiger|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
sugar|chocolate|IsA|meat
rabbit|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
horse|deer|IsA|typical pet
spoon|kettle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
worker|mother|UsedFor|food
candle|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
hyena|cougar|HasA|horns 
raccoon|skunk|AtLocation|carnivorous
ant|flea|PartOf|water
car|skateboard|UsedFor|water
neck|finger|MadeOf|a whole body part
beaver|skunk|IsA|predator
window|floor|PartOf|house
drill|spatula|MadeOf|writing
rabbit|goat|AtLocation|pet store
donkey|rabbit|CapableOf|be domesticated
flute|saxophone|HasA|start with a t
cow|goat|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
eye|blood|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
garlic|broccoli|UsedFor|meat replacement
boat|tank|UsedFor|farming
tomato|onions|IsA|n animal
rope|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
hare|mole|CapableOf|climb on tree
screwdriver|pencil|MadeOf|only metal
actress|doctor|IsA|car
bone|neck|AtLocation|on head
blood|muscle|HasA|bones
grenade|cannon|UsedFor|harm
tap|mixer|IsA| kitchen appliance 
bolts|screws|UsedFor|building
skunk|mink|CapableOf|live in water
girl|worker|IsA|family member
hare|mink|IsA|mammal
mouse|frog|PartOf|jumping
toe|knee|PartOf|the upper body
girl|woman|HasA|pay check
necklace|blouse|CapableOf|be worn
foot|ankle|PartOf|upper body
knife|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
wheel|hose|IsA|firearm
violin|banjo|CapableOf|easily carried around
squirrel|fawn|HasA|hair/fur
muscle|blood|AtLocation|on your head
drill|razor|MadeOf|writing
tomato|pepper|HasProperty|green
leg|elbow|HasA|bones
roof|walls|MadeOf|wood
cod|mackerel|HasA|shell
cockroach|wasp|IsA|bug
doctor|wife|IsA|female
piano|guitar|UsedFor|sound
nail|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
tape|tap|HasA|string or line
groundhog|coyote|CapableOf|hunt other animals
thigh|arm|IsA|plural
deer|cat|AtLocation|pet store
flute|trombone|HasA|keys
raccoon|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
squirrel|snail|IsA|mammal
knee|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
steak|sandwich|IsA|liquid
hair|muscle|AtLocation|on head
man|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
raft|jeep|AtLocation|in there
daughter|sister|IsA|direct or immediate relation
raccoon|skunk|CapableOf|attack human
kettle|fridge|HasA|power supply
floor|roof|MadeOf|wood
jacket|gown|IsA|worn on the lower body
flea|cockroach|HasA|wings
bike|skateboard|PartOf|bicycle
crayon|scissors|MadeOf|writing
apartment|building|AtLocation|at your home
church|gate|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
cheese|orange|UsedFor|testy
mixer|stereo|UsedFor|sound waves
chisel|razor|HasProperty|cutting
chicken|rabbit|HasProperty|red
pipe|rope|CapableOf|store or transport water
jeans|jacket|UsedFor|warming upper body
blouse|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
bolts|fan|IsA|related to music 
rabbit|skunk|AtLocation|water usually
car|boat|UsedFor|snow
wheel|tap|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
lobster|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
porcupine|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
plate|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
cherry|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
sofa|cupboard|CapableOf|open/close
screws|barrel|CapableOf|use electricity
bagpipe|banjo|MadeOf|strings
magazine|rock|MadeOf|maybe
avocado|plum|PartOf|group or bunch 
girlfriend|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
pants|jacket|AtLocation|foot
violin|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
dishwasher|sink|CapableOf|scoop things
crocodile|zebra|IsA|object
finger|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
spider|moth|IsA|insect
butter|chocolate|CapableOf|fry
dog|pony|HasProperty|fluffy
chandelier|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
raft|canoe|CapableOf|be used on snow
duck|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
giraffe|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
squirrel|groundhog|CapableOf|hunt other animals
tiger|cart|HasA|long neck
tank|pipe|PartOf|any of various units of 
dog|pony|HasA| mane (hair on it)
skunk|otter|HasA|long ears
rifle|shotgun|HasA|finger trigger
colander|spoon|CapableOf|make things cold
skateboard|raft|HasA|wheels
car|bike|UsedFor|single person transport
stick|screwdriver|UsedFor|hair
screwdriver|knife|CapableOf|print
ankle|leg|IsA|limb
hyena|cougar|HasA|thick body
spider|cockroach|IsA|bug
tractor|skateboard|UsedFor|land suitable one
brush|spatula|PartOf|drawing
flea|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
cockroach|beetle|IsA|plant
robe|blouse|IsA|white object
sauce|meat|CapableOf|be used as an appetizer
microwave|toaster|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
walls|bathroom|AtLocation|in your apartment
raspberry|cherry|HasA|edible skin (usually)
hose|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
gorilla|buffalo|IsA|type of cat
door|carpet|CapableOf|contain items
mixer|stereo|UsedFor|can your card used home
hand|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
pen|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
turtle|rattlesnake|HasA|four feet
salmon|asparagus|IsA|one syllable word
building|bedroom|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
hose|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
chapel|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
cheese|lime|CapableOf|spices
cousin|princess|IsA|car
truck|jeep|AtLocation|in water
truck|tractor|AtLocation|in water
cupboard|door|CapableOf|be used to sleep
wheel|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
goat|horse|UsedFor|food products
beaver|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
clamp|fan|AtLocation|kitchen
tape|fan|IsA|related to music 
mother|cousin|IsA|profession
shrimp|chicken|HasA|fins
worker|man|IsA|noun
steak|bacon|IsA|meat
grenade|pipe|IsA|firearm
rock|wheel|IsA|digital device
colander|sink|IsA|electric powered item
cow|frog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
blood|bone|AtLocation|on head
finger|toe|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
hand|wrist|MadeOf|upper body parts
tuna|chicken|HasA|red shell when cooked
crayon|brush|CapableOf|to paint
coyote|raccoon|HasA|hooves
door|freezer|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
cupboard|sink|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
clarinet|flute|MadeOf|strings
gun|rifle|HasA|trigger
salmon|zebra|IsA|mollusk
frog|rattlesnake|AtLocation|nature
shotgun|cannon|HasA|caterpillar treads
hose|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
grenade|gun|HasProperty|tiger
beetle|worm|HasA|walking
arm|fingers|MadeOf|upper body parts
cockroach|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
jet|airplane|UsedFor|transportation
eye|blood|AtLocation|on head
scissors|spatula|MadeOf|writing
thigh|knees|HasProperty|below the waist 
plug|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
sandwich|salad|MadeOf|meat
octopus|squid|AtLocation|on a farm
clamp|mixer|HasA|a type of metal
guitar|clarinet|MadeOf|wood
raspberry|avocado|HasProperty|sweet
mackerel|shrimp|IsA|water animal
apartment|inn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
harpsichord|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
rock|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
deer|elk|HasA|antlers or tusks
banjo|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
necklace|coat|IsA|home appliance
fridge|freezer|UsedFor|cooking food
thigh|knee|IsA|plural
arm|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
buggy|raft|AtLocation|in there
car|bike|UsedFor|land suitable one
harmonica|harpsichord|HasA|strings
wine|bean|IsA|diary food
tape|rope|CapableOf|provide water
sandwich|supper|HasProperty|two syllables
daughter|mother|IsA|female
rocker|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
wasp|flea|IsA|insect
oven|fan|CapableOf|be use for transportation
tray|plate|HasProperty|part of a car
truck|wheel|HasA|wheels
canoe|buggy|AtLocation|in there
door|cupboard|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
barrel|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
shoulder|leg|CapableOf|carrying objects
donkey|horse|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
mole|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
knife|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
floor|bar|PartOf|house
tiger|elephant|IsA|predator 
barn|chapel|IsA|place to live permanently
nurse|man|IsA|female (strictly)
bolts|drill|CapableOf|transport liquids
donkey|cow|HasA| mane (hair on it)
snail|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
coconut|cheese|MadeOf|juice making
fawn|groundhog|IsA|mammal
raccoon|groundhog|HasA|hooves
yacht|bike|HasA|wheels
toaster|stove|CapableOf|be plugged in
hare|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
camel|horse|HasA|4 legs
sugar|soup|IsA|diary food
violin|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
orange|cherry|UsedFor|testy
saucer|bowl|AtLocation|on water
cloak|jacket|IsA|white object
crab|squid|AtLocation|on a farm
cannon|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
fridge|microwave|PartOf|kitchen appliance
church|chapel|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
drill|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
pipe|wheel|HasA|round shape
blouse|coat|HasProperty|worn on the neck
roof|leg|PartOf|room
lemon|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
thigh|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
banjo|guitar|CapableOf|easily carried around
razor|knife|PartOf|drawing
thigh|toe|AtLocation|below the waist 
kettle|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
walls|roof|PartOf|building
fan|tape|HasProperty|round shaped
grapefruit|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
caribou|bison|MadeOf|a living thing
butterfly|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
bolts|faucet|MadeOf|metal/steel
squirrel|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
coat|trousers|UsedFor|transporting things
hair|body|AtLocation|inside
hare|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
lemon|tomato|IsA|citrus fruit
eel|salmon|IsA|one syllable word
rocket|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
boat|ship|IsA| mode of transportation 
deer|cat|UsedFor|human transport
liver|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
garlic|beans|IsA|green vegetable
ceiling|floor|MadeOf|wood
tank|tractor|HasA|wheels
lamb|potato|MadeOf|red
inn|church|HasProperty|a black and white picture
typewriter|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
cow|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
tap|fan|MadeOf|paper
bison|donkey|AtLocation|pet store
typewriter|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
plug|bolts|MadeOf|metal
trumpet|guitar|HasA|keys
prune|pear|IsA|fruit
pliers|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
ant|cockroach|IsA|bug
blood|elbow|IsA|organ
tractor|car|AtLocation|in water
flute|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
finger|floor|PartOf|house
camel|giraffe|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
hand|shoulder|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
razor|drill|CapableOf|to paint
milk|chocolate|MadeOf|cup
hut|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
screws|hose|CapableOf|use electricity
canoe|raft|UsedFor|water
knife|pliers|UsedFor|crafts
tuna|salmon|HasA|legs/tentacles 
toe|shoulder|PartOf|the upper body
aunt|daughter|HasProperty|older than you
worm|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
pipe|wheel|PartOf|any of various units of 
harmonica|violin|UsedFor|sound
gorilla|giraffe|IsA|herbivore
camel|tiger|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
squirrel|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
elephant|crocodile|HasA|a shell
grenade|tank|UsedFor|harm
bed|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
prune|plum|IsA|long fruit
toilet|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
elbow|leg|PartOf|an appendage
roof|finger|PartOf|house
arm|hand|AtLocation|below where a watch is
rocket|grenade|CapableOf|contain water
jeep|canoe|UsedFor|eating
cello|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
soup|sandwich|IsA|diary food
dishwasher|fridge|CapableOf|be plugged in
pencil|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
rattlesnake|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
chapel|church|IsA|religion buildings
jacket|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
deer|pony|IsA|carnivore 
grenade|rocket|IsA|firearm
bison|sheep|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
buggy|yacht|HasA|an engine
elephant|squirrel|HasA|a shell
beaver|squirrel|CapableOf|climb trees
kettle|toaster|IsA|electrical appliance
hand|shoulder|PartOf|upper body
wrist|fingers|AtLocation|in your upper body
spear|broom|UsedFor|sleeping
saucer|spoon|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
mixer|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
nurse|girl|HasProperty|male
wheel|rope|CapableOf|hold water
house|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
eel|tuna|HasA|legs/tentacles 
snail|worm|HasA|legs, six or more
drill|pistol|IsA|vessel
lemon|banana|HasA|usually inedible skin
bridge|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
truck|bike|MadeOf|metal
helicopter|airplane|CapableOf|transport ships
faucet|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
screwdriver|spatula|CapableOf|print
rattlesnake|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
trumpet|harpsichord|HasA|reed to make it work
jeans|skirt|PartOf|lower waistline
crayon|pencil|IsA|cuting
aunt|daughter|HasProperty|a picture of a female
bedroom|bungalow|HasA|start with a b
rattlesnake|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
brush|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
cupboard|toilet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
deer|rabbit|UsedFor|a source of milk
rifle|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
plate|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
cat|cow|CapableOf|jump
neck|hand|MadeOf|upper body parts
canoe|tractor|AtLocation|in there
octopus|lobster|HasA|fins
mink|skunk|IsA|sad
plastic|skunk|CapableOf|burn
sink|dishwasher|CapableOf|hold water
raspberry|cherry|PartOf|group or bunch 
tomato|olive|IsA|vegetable
clarinet|trumpet|PartOf|strings
seagull|stork|CapableOf|be a household pet
crocodile|camel|AtLocation|jungle
lobster|salmon|IsA|water animal
bedroom|bed|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
rock|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
rifle|gun|CapableOf|be used in home
bucket|mug|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
beer|whisky|HasProperty|a liquid
rocker|fridge|UsedFor|keeping things cool
shotgun|rifle|UsedFor|firing artillery
lantern|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
flea|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
flute|trombone|MadeOf|metal
sled|canoe|HasA|motor
dog|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
typewriter|spatula|CapableOf|be used for hair
daughter|doctor|IsA|male
giraffe|cougar|IsA|predator 
cigarette|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
airplane|ship|CapableOf|fly
shoulder|finger|MadeOf|upper body parts
moth|snail|IsA|bug
pony|rabbit|HasProperty|fluffy
owl|buzzard|HasProperty|a predator
coyote|hare|CapableOf|climb trees
spatula|drill|CapableOf|print
carpet|sofa|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
magazine|clamp|IsA|electric 
harmonica|saxophone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
bed|tray|CapableOf|be plumbed in
lobster|zebra|HasA|red shell when cooked
hair|skin|AtLocation|below the knee
saxophone|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
finger|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
screwdriver|pen|HasProperty|cutting
trombone|guitar|HasA|keyboard
porcupine|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
mole|fawn|IsA|herbivore
girl|mother|IsA|profession
eel|octopus|HasA|fins
spider|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
bison|horse|IsA|teeth
rabbit|frog|IsA|household pet
raccoon|beaver|CapableOf|hunt other animals
sailboat|canoe|AtLocation|on a mountain
pistol|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
cigarette|lantern|HasProperty|quite small
steak|whisky|IsA|diary food
screwdriver|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
walls|floor|AtLocation|on top of a house
tomato|lemon|IsA|vegetable
chandelier|candle|IsA|item of clothing
shirt|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
stick|pen|MadeOf|writing
pliers|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
typewriter|knife|CapableOf|be used for hair
skunk|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
lobster|crab|HasA|claws
deck|bathroom|PartOf|building
screws|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
neck|arm|MadeOf|upper body parts
wrist|shoulder|PartOf|the upper body
walls|ceiling|PartOf|room
chicken|duck|IsA|n animal
floor|walls|IsA|part of a building
uncle|son|HasProperty|an older relative
perch|tuna|HasA|red shell when cooked
barn|bedroom|HasA|start with a b
man|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
cottage|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
scissors|brush|CapableOf|to paint
coat|trousers|UsedFor|covering legs
elephant|cow|HasProperty|four-legged
stick|knife|CapableOf|be used for drawing
beaver|fawn|IsA|mammal
skunk|raccoon|CapableOf|climb trees
tuna|perch|HasA|fins
leg|nail|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cabin|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
hand|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
tent|gate|HasA| 5 letters or less
duck|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
frog|horse|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
donkey|horse|UsedFor|a source of milk
crayon|pen|IsA|cuting
kettle|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
shrimp|lobster|IsA|mollusk
thigh|foot|PartOf|the upper body
lime|orange|MadeOf|juice making
worm|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
bedroom|cupboard|UsedFor|sleep
bedroom|carpet|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
pencil|razor|HasProperty|cutting
liquor|milk|IsA|liquid
worker|girl|HasProperty|a picture of a female
skirt|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
fan|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
princess|actress|AtLocation|in a hospital
knife|scissors|CapableOf|be used for drawing
crocodile|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
faucet|tap|AtLocation|kitchen
knee|toe|AtLocation|below waist
inn|house|IsA|religious place
steak|meal|HasProperty|two syllables
eel|crab|HasA|fins
bagpipe|saxophone|HasA|strings
boat|airplane|UsedFor|transportation
rattlesnake|cat|IsA|insect
snail|iguana|IsA|amphibian
mink|deer|CapableOf|live in water
neck|toe|PartOf|upper body
wheel|scooter|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
cigarette|clock|CapableOf|be worn
knife|brush|HasProperty|cutting
camel|bison|AtLocation|typically europe
rope|tape|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
pen|drill|PartOf|drawing
ankle|toe|CapableOf|help you walk
leg|thigh|IsA|limb
hare|fawn|HasA|hair/fur
skunk|mole|IsA|mammal
wheel|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
crocodile|bison|IsA|type of cat
hose|tape|AtLocation|kitchen
skirt|shield|HasProperty|something that is worn
pepper|corn|IsA|vegetable
tray|lantern|IsA|home appliance
jacket|coat|HasProperty|worn below the waist
bolts|wheel|IsA|related to music 
bed|chapel|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
skunk|deer|HasA|hair/fur
raspberry|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
cheetah|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
tiger|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
dog|goat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
oven|blender|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
zebra|gorilla|IsA|like a cat
goat|sheep|IsA|something a farmer would own
olive|corn|HasA|seeds
pencil|pen|UsedFor|writing
cousin|mother|IsA|car
toe|forearm|PartOf|the upper body
spoon|bottle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
girlfriend|daughter|IsA|car
trousers|pants|AtLocation|upper part of body
squirrel|skunk|IsA|otter
truck|buggy|CapableOf|hold more than one person
arm|finger|AtLocation|in your upper body
bathroom|room|HasProperty|vertical
tray|microwave|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
avocado|beans|IsA|green vegetable 
plug|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
ankle|thigh|PartOf|lower body
clock|mirror|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
cousin|wife|HasProperty|older than you
wall|bed|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
raft|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
shirt|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
saxophone|trumpet|IsA|instrument
toe|knee|AtLocation|upper body
neck|room|PartOf|house
mink|paper|MadeOf|animals or plants
rope|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
shirt|coat|HasA|sleeves
typewriter|crayon|MadeOf|writing
hose|faucet|AtLocation|kitchen
elbow|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
comb|scissors|CapableOf|print
mole|skunk|CapableOf|running fast
tower|window|HasProperty|indoor
woman|boy|UsedFor|food
chisel|knife|MadeOf|leather
yacht|sailboat|HasA|motor
snail|squirrel|IsA|mammal
rope|cannon|CapableOf|use electricity
toe|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
coconut|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
donkey|sheep|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
wine|soup|IsA|diary food
butterfly|moth|HasProperty|an insect
mole|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
potatoes|steak|IsA|liquid
stick|brush|HasProperty|cutting
eagle|falcon|HasProperty|domesticated
sheep|horse|HasA|horn on head
cart|camel|HasA|trunk
hair|foot|PartOf|the images displayed
daughter|father|IsA|profession
shoulder|neck|MadeOf|a whole body part
bolts|tape|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
coconut|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
clock|blouse|HasProperty|worn on the neck
girl|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
bottle|kettle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
window|walls|PartOf|house
forearm|elbow|UsedFor|waving
caterpillar|frog|IsA|plant
skunk|wood|IsA|bottle
screwdriver|pen|UsedFor|grooming
tiger|dog|UsedFor|riding
spoon|sink|CapableOf|make things cold
spatula|chisel|PartOf|drawing
porcupine|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
pepper|cherry|HasProperty|green
bean|supper|MadeOf|bread
bathroom|window|HasA|plumbing
potatoes|soup|IsA|diary food
tape|rocker|IsA|digital device
cottage|bed|IsA|religious place
camel|giraffe|IsA|herbivore
flute|saxophone|HasA|strings
violin|cello|IsA|wind instrument
crab|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
skirt|trousers|UsedFor|feet
drill|razor|CapableOf|to paint
beetle|worm|IsA|colorful 
elbow|wrist|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
walls|tower|UsedFor|working with computer
vulture|kite|CapableOf|fly
skunk|porcupine|HasProperty|originated from north america
elephant|cat|IsA|household pet
shirt|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
gown|skirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
skirt|dress|IsA|home appliance
bedroom|cupboard|CapableOf|open/close
prince|brother|IsA|man
cherry|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
canoe|raft|CapableOf|be used with paddles
chicken|goat|IsA|food
starling|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
colander|ladle|UsedFor|washing dishes
forearm|elbow|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
neck|toe|IsA|part of the skeleton
mother|princess|CapableOf|become pregnant 
coconut|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
ant|cat|AtLocation|nature
ankle|elbow|IsA|limb
skirt|trousers|AtLocation|above the feet
elbow|bone|IsA|part of the skeleton
piano|trombone|HasA|keys
pineapple|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
cranberry|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
barrel|wheel|HasA|round shape
screwdriver|crayon|AtLocation|construction site
drill|pliers|UsedFor|writing
door|curtains|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
bungalow|cabin|UsedFor|human living
boat|bike|UsedFor|eating
kidney|nail|HasA|bones
lemon|orange|IsA|vegetable
window|room|IsA|part of a building
trombone|bagpipe|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
pen|crayon|PartOf|what is your name this
tap|plug|IsA|digital device
caterpillar|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
yacht|buggy|UsedFor|eating
tractor|yacht|UsedFor|eating
girlfriend|woman|HasProperty|royalty
lantern|lamp|HasProperty|electric powered
tomato|goat|AtLocation|in water
giraffe|camel|CapableOf|walk on 2 feet
elk|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
elephant|caribou|CapableOf|carry a adult human
trousers|pants|UsedFor|feet
beaver|raccoon|AtLocation|carnivorous
wheel|rope|CapableOf|provide water
strainer|barrel|CapableOf|destroy a building
sparrow|dove|HasA|large wingspan
chisel|spatula|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
rabbit|skunk|IsA|mammal
lips|tongue|IsA|pink face feature
kidney|blood|HasA|bones
wine|sugar|IsA|diary food
deer|dog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
harp|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
roof|ceiling|CapableOf|have a chimney
chapel|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
cranberry|pear|HasA|usually inedible skin
raccoon|rabbit|IsA|sad
bed|cupboard|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
rifle|gun|CapableOf|blow things up
inn|cottage|HasA| place for worship
faucet|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
cabin|cottage|HasProperty|a black and white picture
crocodile|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
turtle|beetle|IsA|colorful 
prune|cherry|HasA|big seed
toe|foot|IsA|plural
skateboard|bike|UsedFor|water
squirrel|rabbit|IsA|mammal
mink|fawn|IsA|herbivore
sled|jeep|AtLocation|in water
saucer|jet|HasA|the ability to fly
soup|steak|HasA|vegetable(s)
fridge|fan|UsedFor|keeping things cool
rattlesnake|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
whisky|wine|HasProperty|alcoholic
falcon|hawk|HasProperty|domesticated
giraffe|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
horse|sheep|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
roof|deck|IsA|part of a building
boat|sailboat|AtLocation|in water
cousin|wife|PartOf|hospital staff
oven|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
caterpillar|spider|IsA|bug
catfish|zebra|HasA|red shell when cooked
wife|mother|HasProperty|male
scissors|brush|UsedFor|cutting
mole|mink|HasA|horn
clamp|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
goat|horse|HasA|hooves
donkey|deer|UsedFor|a source of milk
rocker|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rope|screws|UsedFor|daily usage 
coconut|cherry|IsA|vegetable
mother|woman|UsedFor|transportation
bison|horse|HasA| mane (hair on it)
groundhog|mink|HasA|horn
nurse|actress|IsA|family member
sailboat|raft|AtLocation|in water
father|actress|IsA|car
stick|brush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
mother|wife|AtLocation|in a castle
screwdriver|typewriter|IsA|metal
flute|harmonica|HasA|keys
microwave|stove|IsA|electrical appliance
avocado|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
rattlesnake|mink|HasA|horn
fingers|hand|UsedFor|waving
rabbit|coyote|HasA|hair/fur
deck|tower|HasProperty|vertical
rabbit|lamb|IsA|meat or animal
wheel|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
skin|arm|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
camel|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
flea|ant|IsA|insect
beetle|frog|AtLocation|nature
daughter|uncle|AtLocation|in a royal family
chisel|knife|CapableOf|be used for drawing
donkey|goat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
ox|bison|MadeOf|a living thing
hair|eye|AtLocation|on head
body|liver|AtLocation|on your head
rocker|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
hand|finger|HasA|nails
pipe|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
rock|magazine|MadeOf|steel
fridge|kettle|CapableOf|hold water
sink|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pipe|tank|MadeOf|metal
mouth|finger|IsA|(one of five) human senses
leg|ankle|UsedFor|walking
cherry|plum|HasA|stone 
faucet|wheel|IsA|digital device
trout|eel|HasA|legs
sheep|frog|IsA|something a farmer would own
leg|hand|PartOf|body
bean|meal|HasA|meat
pliers|drill|CapableOf|be used for drawing
wrist|neck|MadeOf|upper body parts
snail|spider|IsA|plant
grapefruit|cherry|IsA|red  or orang
lantern|chandelier|MadeOf|/contain glass
orange|grapefruit|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
crayon|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
rock|microwave|UsedFor|keeping things cool
camel|cheetah|IsA|has horns
chandelier|lantern|CapableOf|move
squirrel|turtle|IsA|plant
rabbit|tiger|UsedFor|human transport
gorilla|buffalo|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
woman|mother|IsA|head
flea|beetle|IsA|colorful 
eel|trout|HasA|red shell when cooked
door|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
comb|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
shoulder|finger|HasProperty|lower body
rope|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
lamp|chandelier|HasProperty|makes light
razor|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
crocodile|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
avocado|onions|UsedFor|meat replacement
hand|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
father|nurse|IsA|car
elk|cheetah|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
pliers|brush|MadeOf|writing
chocolate|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
trumpet|saxophone|HasA|keyboard
mole|beaver|IsA|predator
chisel|pliers|CapableOf|be used for drawing
flea|beetle|IsA|bug
hare|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
sofa|carpet|UsedFor|lighting
duck|chicken|HasProperty|furry
finger|hand|PartOf|lower body
tongue|mouth|PartOf|face
bed|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
lantern|chandelier|CapableOf|give off light/glow
shirt|blouse|HasA|sleeves
pliers|stick|HasProperty|cutting
razor|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
bike|yacht|AtLocation|in there
caribou|deer|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
clarinet|banjo|HasA|strings
room|floor|IsA|part of a building
trumpet|clarinet|HasA|keys
brush|scissors|PartOf|what is your name this
corn|avocado|IsA|green vegetable 
rope|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
wheel|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
perch|tuna|IsA|water animal
garlic|cheese|CapableOf|bitter
clarinet|trumpet|IsA|wind instrument
skateboard|wheel|UsedFor|snow
trousers|coat|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
rabbit|skunk|HasA|horn
cow|sheep|HasA|horn on head
cat|horse|CapableOf|be domesticated
horse|camel|UsedFor|riding
screwdriver|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
seagull|vulture|HasA|large wingspan
hare|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
grapefruit|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
stork|seagull|CapableOf|be a household pet
doctor|nurse|AtLocation|in a hospital
paintbrush|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
octopus|crab|HasA|legs/tentacles 
wasp|cockroach|HasProperty|an insect
harpsichord|banjo|MadeOf|strings
aunt|daughter|HasProperty|male
gun|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
sheep|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
prince|uncle|IsA|male
avocado|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
comb|pliers|CapableOf|print
rope|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
doctor|worker|HasProperty|male
wife|daughter|IsA|car
roof|room|PartOf|house
skunk|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
rattlesnake|turtle|IsA|plant
bag|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
plum|prune|HasA|yellow color
tap|clamp|PartOf|tire
elbow|arm|UsedFor|a fight
donkey|tiger|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
rocket|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
lime|olive|HasProperty|green
leg|eye|HasA|bones
bike|wheel|UsedFor|eating
scarf|necklace|HasProperty|makes light
cucumber|coconut|IsA|fruit
eagle|vulture|UsedFor|a national symbol
pen|pliers|AtLocation|construction site
rocker|tap|UsedFor|entertainment
canoe|tank|HasA|wheels
crab|squid|IsA|water animal
clock|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
bedroom|bungalow|IsA|place to live permanently
rifle|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
goat|lamb|IsA|meat or animal
celery|pepper|IsA|fruit
prune|cherry|HasA|(usually) edible skin
elbow|arm|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
jeans|wheelbarrow|HasA|wheel
buggy|yacht|UsedFor|delivering parcels
sack|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
perch|eel|IsA|name begging with c
lime|orange|UsedFor|testy
chandelier|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
bacon|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
scarf|candle|CapableOf|move
mackerel|trout|IsA|fish
faucet|fan|IsA|related to music 
jet|boat|UsedFor|transportation
shoulder|wrist|MadeOf|upper body parts
crayon|pencil|PartOf|what is your name this
squirrel|alligator|HasA| 4 limbs
spatula|scissors|CapableOf|writing
girlfriend|girl|IsA|car
floor|window|PartOf|room
building|inn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
actress|wife|HasProperty|older than you
tray|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
princess|daughter|HasProperty|female
plug|hose|CapableOf|make sound
brush|pen|MadeOf|writing
pineapple|peach|IsA|fruit
alligator|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
tomato|lamb|AtLocation|in water
tray|cupboard|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
deer|buffalo|HasA|horn or antler
magazine|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
pencil|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
caterpillar|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
crocodile|tiger|HasA|hooves
walls|ceiling|PartOf|garage
avocado|pineapple|IsA|physical fruit or veg
shrimp|eel|HasA|claws
trousers|skirt|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
wheel|radio|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
snail|iguana|CapableOf|be found in the water
rabbit|cat|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
porcupine|skunk|HasA|long ears
wheel|raft|HasA|an engine
otter|raccoon|IsA|mink
ant|cat|CapableOf|flying
cheese|garlic|PartOf|eating
blood|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
knife|drill|HasProperty|cutting
finger|forearm|MadeOf|upper body parts
oven|freezer|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
toe|leg|AtLocation|below waist
crayon|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
wife|princess|IsA|male
alligator|mink|CapableOf|go underground
shoes|boots|PartOf|lower waistline
paintbrush|spatula|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
scissors|drill|CapableOf|to paint
elephant|camel|IsA|an animal
butterfly|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
girlfriend|aunt|IsA|car
pencil|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
banjo|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
hand|finger|AtLocation|upper body
candle|lamp|CapableOf|generate light
chicken|zebra|IsA|water animal
brush|chisel|CapableOf|writing
piano|flute|IsA|instrument
thigh|toe|IsA|upper body part
wheelbarrow|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
donkey|bison|HasA|hooves
flute|harmonica|IsA|wind instrument
chisel|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
father|princess|IsA|car
rabbit|mole|IsA|mink
camel|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
pistol|grenade|CapableOf|used in war
horse|deer|HasA|hooves
stove|microwave|UsedFor|making food
elk|giraffe|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
beans|pepper|HasProperty|green
salad|sugar|IsA|colour red
butterfly|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
blouse|clock|HasProperty|worn on the neck
crayon|typewriter|HasA|bushy tail
skunk|porcupine|IsA|predator
magazine|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
rattlesnake|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
door|sofa|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
shoes|jacket|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
rocker|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
tiger|camel|HasA|horn or antler
raccoon|mole|HasA|horn
rocker|fan|CapableOf|working
elk|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
deer|horse|UsedFor|a source of milk
door|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
strainer|pipe|AtLocation|at home
stereo|plug|AtLocation|at an electronics store
sink|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
carpet|door|UsedFor|storage
house|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
spider|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
tray|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
nose|neck|IsA|pink face feature
harpsichord|tuba|HasA|reed to make it work
blood|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
nurse|man|HasA|friends on it
worm|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
cello|banjo|UsedFor|sound
typewriter|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
turtle|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
boat|car|HasProperty|consuming fuel
blood|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
skirt|pants|UsedFor|feet protection
potatoes|meat|UsedFor|dessert
squirrel|worm|IsA|colorful 
rocket|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
princess|aunt|AtLocation|in a castle
uncle|son|IsA|female
pen|pliers|MadeOf|writing
aunt|nurse|IsA|car
princess|girlfriend|IsA|female
alligator|iguana|HasA|four feet
barrel|pipe|MadeOf|metal
jacket|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
grapefruit|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
drill|wheel|HasA|number on it
cow|spider|PartOf|jumping
foot|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
rock|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
muscle|liver|HasProperty|liquid
elephant|hyena|HasA|thick body
gown|shirt|IsA|an accessory
stereo|fan|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
chicken|tuna|HasA|red shell when cooked
bacon|soup|IsA|diary food
nurse|worker|IsA|female (strictly)
crayon|paintbrush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
pineapple|banana|IsA|fruit
mixer|bolts|IsA|digital device
necklace|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
rabbit|hare|IsA|predator
fingers|finger|AtLocation|in your upper body
sister|mother|IsA|profession
car|jeep|UsedFor|delivering parcels
bike|raft|UsedFor|eating
dog|camel|IsA|something a farmer would own
clamp|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
finger|neck|PartOf|human body
building|bungalow|IsA|place to live permanently
sofa|wall|UsedFor|storage
trousers|skirt|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
raccoon|mink|IsA|mammal
squirrel|groundhog|HasA|horn
knee|elbow|IsA|joint
skunk|groundhog|HasA|hair/fur
daughter|princess|IsA|sibling
cigarette|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
curtains|sofa|MadeOf|wood typically
microwave|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
birch|pine|HasProperty|alive
nail|elbow|IsA|limb
chapel|barn|AtLocation|at your home
fridge|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
typewriter|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
porcupine|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
wine|beer|IsA|alcohol
starling|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
wheel|bolts|IsA|firearm
carpet|curtains|MadeOf|wood
fawn|elk|HasA|horn
rabbit|hare|IsA|mammal
rope|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
cockroach|worm|IsA|insect
sugar|chocolate|UsedFor|dessert
shoes|jeans|CapableOf|keep legs warm
princess|girlfriend|IsA|family member
bike|truck|UsedFor|snow
crab|zebra|IsA|fish
wheel|clamp|IsA|digital device
cockroach|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
shrimp|asparagus|IsA|fish
pigeon|hawk|IsA|alive 
chisel|pen|MadeOf|writing
helicopter|bowl|IsA| mode of transportation 
grapefruit|avocado|HasA|yellow color
dog|frog|CapableOf|be domesticated
scooter|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
spider|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
accordion|harpsichord|HasA|reed to make it work
mink|raccoon|AtLocation|carnivorous
cougar|tiger|IsA|type of big cat
fawn|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
pineapple|grapefruit|IsA|fruit
cockroach|frog|IsA|plant
lime|lemon|UsedFor|testy
mother|girl|HasA|color
wasp|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
mother|girlfriend|IsA|family member
potatoes|chocolate|IsA|meat
lemon|pepper|HasProperty|green
candle|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
beetle|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
gown|dress|PartOf|lower waistline
freezer|kettle|IsA|electrical appliance
bed|gate|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
coyote|porcupine|CapableOf|hunt other animals
hose|plug|IsA|related to music 
forearm|wrist|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
window|deck|PartOf|body
stereo|rope|UsedFor|entertainment
tape|rock|HasA|a type of metal
hare|squirrel|HasA|hooves
pants|skirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
cow|goat|IsA|typical pet
tap|stereo|AtLocation|kitchen
kite|stork|HasA|large wingspan
beaver|elk|IsA|mammal
moth|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
stick|drill|CapableOf|print
skirt|shoes|PartOf|lower waistline
tank|gun|HasProperty|tiger
blouse|jacket|HasA|sleeves
raccoon|rabbit|HasA|hooves
milk|whisky|IsA|liquid
lime|orange|CapableOf|bitter
prune|cherry|HasA|yellow color
strainer|screws|PartOf|any of various units of 
pear|orange|HasA|edible skin
cousin|actress|IsA|male
drill|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
wrist|neck|AtLocation|below waist
bean|salad|MadeOf|bread
trombone|guitar|MadeOf|metal
wine|liquor|IsA|diary food
frog|ant|CapableOf|flying
boy|nurse|IsA|car
cousin|wife|HasA|green item of clothing
groundhog|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
wheel|raft|HasA|wheels
microwave|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
chocolate|steak|IsA|liquid
hawk|eagle|HasA|wings
boat|car|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
squirrel|raccoon|HasA|hooves
cockroach|flea|IsA|colorful 
blender|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
boat|jet|HasA|the ability to fly
socks|trousers|IsA|piece of clothing
alligator|iguana|HasA|legs
chisel|knife|HasProperty|cutting
elephant|bison|HasA|horn
guitar|violin|MadeOf|strings
tap|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
doctor|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
squirrel|frog|IsA|plant
duck|chicken|CapableOf|eating
boy|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
forearm|finger|PartOf|the upper body
cottage|apartment|HasA| 5 letters or less
pipe|barrel|CapableOf|use electricity
screwdriver|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
boy|worker|UsedFor|food
liver|bone|AtLocation|inside
raspberry|plum|HasA|yellow color
cherry|grapefruit|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
trousers|dress|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
hand|forearm|PartOf|the upper body
cupboard|bed|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
ant|caterpillar|IsA|bug
mother|wife|PartOf|your family
freezer|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
rocket|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
bar|bathroom|IsA|body part
cannon|pistol|IsA|vessel
leg|foot|AtLocation|below waist
skirt|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
pliers|razor|CapableOf|print
gown|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
neck|throat|IsA|(one of five) human senses
garlic|cranberry|HasA|stone 
razor|screwdriver|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
deer|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
rabbit|frog|CapableOf|jump
bungalow|bed|IsA|religious place
tape|faucet|HasA|string or line
strawberry|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
prune|raspberry|HasProperty|sweet
bagpipe|harpsichord|HasA|keys
pistol|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tank|grenade|UsedFor|harm
coconut|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
pen|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
cannon|plate|IsA|firearm
elbow|shoulder|HasProperty|bendable
floor|room|UsedFor|working with computer
bar|tower|AtLocation|above your head in general
girl|actress|HasProperty|steel
plate|screws|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
perch|trout|AtLocation|at sea
harp|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
strawberry|pear|HasA|single hard pit
cousin|sister|HasA|child
bag|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
tuba|trumpet|HasA|3 buttons exactly
forearm|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
tap|tape|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
raccoon|mole|MadeOf|green
room|walls|MadeOf|wood
airplane|saucer|AtLocation|on water
dishwasher|door|UsedFor|making food
neck|tongue|HasProperty|used affected during make up
flea|caterpillar|HasA|wings
truck|buggy|AtLocation|in there
worm|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
spatula|pencil|CapableOf|be used for hair
bolts|rope|CapableOf|make sound
bolts|gun|IsA|vessel
cow|frog|HasProperty|four-legged
thermometer|candle|UsedFor|wearing
pistol|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
tap|fan|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
fridge|freezer|UsedFor|heating items up
worker|woman|CapableOf|bear a child
tent|bedroom|IsA|religious place
princess|daughter|IsA|female
raccoon|mink|CapableOf|go underground
squirrel|turtle|IsA|colorful 
body|nail|AtLocation|below your waist
blood|muscle|AtLocation|on your head
bathroom|walls|AtLocation|outside of a home
liver|nail|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
knife|chisel|CapableOf|be used for drawing
otter|skunk|HasA|long ears
boat|jet|IsA| mode of transportation 
clock|pants|HasProperty|worn on the neck
jeans|bag|HasA|wheel
potatoes|meat|HasA|green label
cigarette|dress|IsA|home appliance
thigh|toe|CapableOf|carrying objects
aunt|sister|PartOf|your family
guitar|flute|HasA|keyboard
princess|actress|PartOf|your family
magazine|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
eagle|duck|CapableOf|fly
sugar|meat|UsedFor|recipes 
garlic|corn|IsA|green vegetable
pants|dress|IsA|item of clothing
mirror|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
barrel|grenade|HasA|finger trigger
grapefruit|plum|PartOf|a red the color of
elephant|camel|IsA|predator 
typewriter|pen|IsA|cuting
skunk|raccoon|IsA|predator
stork|kite|HasA|large wingspan
chocolate|milk|UsedFor|desserts
lobster|perch|IsA|black and white
elephant|cougar|IsA|violent creature
bison|camel|IsA|predator 
cow|rabbit|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
worm|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
hut|building|IsA|religious place
boots|socks|AtLocation|on lower body
mixer|stereo|UsedFor|entertainment
tray|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
camel|hyena|HasA|horn
horse|cat|CapableOf|be domesticated
avocado|cherry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
drill|clamp|HasA|number on it
bar|roof|PartOf|body
cherry|grapefruit|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
hare|beaver|HasA|hooves
trombone|trumpet|HasA|reed to make it work
butter|liquor|UsedFor|drinking
hut|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
tin|glass|CapableOf|burn
perch|chicken|IsA|black and white
bike|wheel|HasProperty|consuming fuel
nurse|actress|IsA|job or profession
sofa|carpet|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
spatula|drill|PartOf|drawing
kettle|blender|PartOf|kitchen appliance
nurse|doctor|IsA|car
buggy|wheel|UsedFor|eating
rattlesnake|snail|HasA|four feet
aunt|father|IsA|car
raccoon|otter|IsA|sad
dress|jeans|AtLocation|above the feet
mixer|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
girl|woman|HasProperty|a female
mother|father|CapableOf|be a lady
mirror|chandelier|MadeOf|glass
knife|stick|HasProperty|cutting
tiger|crocodile|IsA|an animal
wheel|clamp|CapableOf|make sound
tank|boat|HasA|an engine
dishwasher|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
stereo|fan|UsedFor|electronic uses
elephant|camel|HasA|antler
bedroom|door|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
roof|window|UsedFor|decoration
barrel|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
cabin|hut|AtLocation|at your home
squirrel|mole|HasA|horn
salmon|cod|HasA|fins
apartment|building|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
trousers|gown|UsedFor|covering legs
lamp|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
truck|buggy|UsedFor|war
bed|carpet|PartOf|the entrance to a room
deer|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
dishwasher|tray|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
foot|leg|PartOf|lower body
barrel|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
curtains|sofa|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
bathroom|room|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
scissors|pliers|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
raspberry|plum|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
inn|gate|UsedFor|a place of worship
thigh|elbow|CapableOf|carrying objects
coconut|cherry|CapableOf|spices
banjo|cello|HasA|strings
caterpillar|moth|MadeOf|small animals
elbow|neck|IsA|plural
tape|rope|IsA|related to music 
cannon|tank|CapableOf|be used one-handed
violin|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
hut|cabin|HasA|start with a b
razor|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
cannon|tank|UsedFor|firing artillery
scissors|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
apartment|house|IsA|place to live permanently
wasp|butterfly|CapableOf|fly
dress|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
coat|blouse|UsedFor|wearing
guitar|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
turtle|flea|MadeOf|small animals
squirrel|mole|CapableOf|live in water
boy|mother|IsA|job or profession
thigh|foot|AtLocation|below waist
apartment|cottage|IsA|place to live permanently
snail|wasp|IsA|bug
knife|razor|HasProperty|cutting
shoes|skirt|UsedFor|feet protection
accordion|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
throat|brow|IsA|pink face feature
grenade|barrel|UsedFor|bullets
rifle|gun|UsedFor|work
yacht|buggy|AtLocation|in there
drill|stick|CapableOf|to paint
bed|willow|IsA|weapon
kettle|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
screwdriver|stick|MadeOf|writing
wheelbarrow|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
tower|floor|HasProperty|vertical
elbow|ankle|PartOf|an appendage
shoulder|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
stick|typewriter|AtLocation|construction site
aunt|actress|HasA|child
wrist|elbow|UsedFor|holding a cup
car|boat|HasA|an engine
worker|actress|UsedFor|food
mouth|tongue|PartOf|makeup regimen
rope|grenade|IsA|firearm
grenade|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
cat|deer|UsedFor|human transport
knife|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
cow|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
carpet|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
fan|oven|UsedFor|entertainment
skunk|raccoon|HasA|long ear
toilet|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
hose|rock|IsA|digital device
buffalo|camel|IsA|like a cat
pear|cherry|IsA|long fruit
bag|gown|AtLocation|on your upper torso
garlic|orange|UsedFor|testy
blouse|skirt|IsA|logo
brush|drill|AtLocation|construction site
cougar|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
pigeon|falcon|HasA|start with a p
kite|falcon|HasA|wings
tongue|brow|PartOf|face
forearm|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
potatoes|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
beaver|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
orange|coconut|HasA|usually inedible skin
girl|mother|IsA|male
rocker|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
mole|skunk|AtLocation|on tree
raccoon|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
gown|dress|HasProperty|worn below the waist
shoes|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
sink|dishwasher|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
spider|butterfly|IsA|insect
bike|skateboard|UsedFor|single person transport
camel|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
dog|cat|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
bag|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
skunk|rabbit|IsA|mammal
stove|kettle|PartOf|kitchen appliance
shoulder|forearm|MadeOf|a whole body part
woman|wife|IsA|car
cherry|raspberry|HasProperty|red
deck|tower|AtLocation|above your head in general
chandelier|candle|CapableOf|generate light
pelican|eagle|IsA|sea bird
shoulder|hand|UsedFor|holding an apple
bungalow|hut|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
blouse|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
scooter|bike|CapableOf|carry multiple people
prune|raspberry|HasA|yellow color
yacht|scooter|UsedFor|eating
toe|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
pony|camel|UsedFor|a source of milk
sauce|chocolate|IsA|diary food
horse|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
butterfly|worm|IsA|insect
floor|walls|UsedFor|tiling
cranberry|strawberry|HasA|stone 
scissors|crayon|MadeOf|writing
grapefruit|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
prune|plum|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
duck|pigeon|CapableOf|attack others
perch|salmon|AtLocation|at sea
camel|zebra|HasA|hooves
girl|mother|HasA|friends on it
crocodile|sheep|AtLocation|jungle
shirt|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
camel|cow|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
trousers|skirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
pen|scissors|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
floor|room|PartOf|human body
tape|radio|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
camel|donkey|HasProperty|fluffy
mink|mole|IsA|animal with long ears
hawk|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
guitar|cello|IsA|wind instrument
wheel|bike|AtLocation|in water
pistol|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
bathroom|room|PartOf|human body
pants|trousers|CapableOf|keep legs warm
wife|woman|IsA|profession
stove|kettle|UsedFor|cooking food
knife|typewriter|UsedFor|drawing or painting
caterpillar|beetle|HasProperty|typically able to fly
elephant|horse|IsA|an animal
sheep|horse|IsA|something a farmer would own
bolts|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
curtains|door|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
sister|mother|HasA|green item of clothing
tape|hose|MadeOf|metal/steel
rope|bolts|UsedFor|harm
soup|salad|MadeOf|bread
hand|wrist|AtLocation|in your upper body
tank|rocket|HasA|trigger
perch|crab|AtLocation|on a farm
trumpet|tuba|HasA|3 buttons exactly
boots|skirt|AtLocation|on lower body
sled|jeep|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
cat|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
rattlesnake|frog|MadeOf|small animals
clamp|wheel|MadeOf|paper
son|king|IsA|female
rabbit|camel|UsedFor|food products
mug|tray|MadeOf|metal
porcupine|beaver|HasA|hooves
oven|rock|UsedFor|cooling food
flea|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
salmon|perch|HasA|fins
pipe|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
bag|shirt|HasA|wheel
brother|son|IsA|male
pencil|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
leg|neck|IsA|body part
coyote|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
screwdriver|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
chicken|rabbit|AtLocation|in water
room|floor|PartOf|another card 
wife|daughter|HasA|multiple people pictured
shield|umbrella|HasProperty|something that is worn
rabbit|duck|HasProperty|red
guitar|cello|CapableOf|easily carried around
strawberry|cranberry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
knees|leg|AtLocation|upper body
sack|jacket|IsA|worn on the lower body
coyote|raccoon|IsA|mammal
frog|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
plug|bolts|HasA|a type of metal
avocado|tomato|IsA|vegetable
drill|bolts|UsedFor|building
harp|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
kite|hawk|UsedFor|a national symbol
bean|soup|IsA|liquid
eye|bone|AtLocation|below your waist
plum|cherry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
coat|sack|UsedFor|transporting things
freezer|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
trousers|pants|UsedFor|covering legs
cheetah|crocodile|IsA|has horns
wheel|magazine|CapableOf|be turned on
bridge|gate|IsA|religious place
accordion|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
cockroach|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
squirrel|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
tuba|banjo|HasA|keys
strawberry|raspberry|IsA|fruit
mother|wife|HasA|multiple people pictured
neck|hair|IsA|limb
ceiling|room|MadeOf|wood
cockroach|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
oven|fan|UsedFor|keeping things cool
cousin|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
princess|doctor|IsA|car
curtains|sofa|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
paintbrush|scissors|IsA|cuting
skirt|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
donkey|tiger|HasProperty|fluffy
cheese|orange|CapableOf|delicious
wheel|bolts|IsA|related to music 
cottage|hut|HasProperty|part of a plane
rope|plate|UsedFor|harm
wasp|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
dress|gown|AtLocation|on your upper torso
comb|knife|IsA|construction tool
celery|olive|HasProperty|green
jacket|blouse|AtLocation|on your upper torso
pen|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
horse|elephant|HasA|fur
screwdriver|chisel|MadeOf|writing
rope|tape|UsedFor|a vehicle
sheep|deer|HasA|hooves
raft|scooter|UsedFor|eating
chicken|tomato|MadeOf|something edible
porcupine|deer|HasProperty|living in water
tiger|bison|IsA|predator 
boy|worker|CapableOf|bear a child
pipe|plate|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
sailboat|yacht|UsedFor|riding on water
bedroom|carpet|UsedFor|sleep
seagull|pigeon|CapableOf|be a household pet
leopard|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
hare|mole|PartOf|herd
bar|room|PartOf|house
sailboat|wheel|UsedFor|eating
fawn|groundhog|IsA|herbivore
violin|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
supper|steak|HasA|vegetable(s)
toaster|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
celery|corn|UsedFor|cleaning
brush|drill|HasA|sharp edge
flute|banjo|MadeOf|metal
goat|dog|IsA|something a farmer would own
skunk|groundhog|AtLocation|on tree
house|bed|IsA|religious place
frog|cat|HasA|horn on head
barrel|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
scooter|wheel|HasA|circular component 
rabbit|potato|HasProperty|red
skunk|squirrel|HasA|long tail
chocolate|sugar|AtLocation|in the ground
boat|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
mother|woman|IsA|person
shoes|pants|UsedFor|feet protection
muscle|hair|HasA|bones
leopard|gorilla|IsA|has horns
avocado|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
sparrow|starling|CapableOf|be a household pet
lamb|duck|IsA|food
raccoon|groundhog|HasA|hair/fur
goat|rabbit|AtLocation|pet store
boat|car|UsedFor|eating
asparagus|crab|IsA|fish
squirrel|beaver|IsA|predator
falcon|kite|CapableOf|fly
rocket|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
aunt|cousin|IsA|direct or immediate relation
doctor|wife|IsA|car
soup|milk|HasProperty|a liquid
barn|cabin|IsA|religious place
pants|blouse|HasProperty|worn on the neck
arm|neck|AtLocation|upper body
spider|squirrel|PartOf|jumping
rope|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
cabin|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
lantern|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
bolts|tank|IsA|firearm
thigh|ankle|IsA|plural
salad|chocolate|CapableOf|fry
alligator|crocodile|HasA|four feet
plug|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
neck|shoulder|AtLocation|below where a watch is
cousin|aunt|IsA|family member
wheel|barrel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
lemon|avocado|IsA|fruit
ceiling|floor|PartOf|human body
gown|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
gorilla|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
car|truck|HasProperty|consuming fuel
man|worker|HasA|the color brown in it
sheep|cat|AtLocation|pet store
tape|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
catfish|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
tower|roof|PartOf|another card 
coat|dress|IsA|home appliance
onions|garlic|HasProperty|a green food
buffalo|cheetah|IsA|has horns
trout|salmon|AtLocation|at sea
rope|hose|UsedFor|sticking
fingers|floor|PartOf|room
bike|skis|PartOf|bicycle
mother|nurse|IsA|person
door|sofa|CapableOf|open/close
coyote|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
piano|banjo|IsA|brass instrument
rabbit|mink|IsA|otter
flea|worm|HasProperty|an insect
pepper|orange|HasA|seeds
horse|sheep|CapableOf|be domesticated
cod|squid|HasA|shell
shoulder|finger|HasA|less than three joints
barrel|plate|UsedFor|daily usage 
tiger|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pineapple|pear|IsA|physical fruit or veg
eggplant|celery|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
woman|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
groundhog|coyote|PartOf|herd
coyote|hare|HasProperty|living in water
mink|deer|CapableOf|go underground
hand|elbow|PartOf|the upper body
stick|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
ladle|spoon|HasProperty|consuming electricity
scissors|knife|HasProperty|cutting
cow|sheep|IsA|typical pet
socks|skirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
screwdriver|paintbrush|PartOf|what is your name this
rabbit|hare|IsA|animal with long ears
wife|cousin|HasProperty|male
brush|pen|PartOf|what is the name of 
tap|tape|IsA|related to music 
wine|butter|HasProperty|a liquid
banana|avocado|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
spider|frog|IsA|common pet
raccoon|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
broom|bed|IsA|weapon
camel|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
squirrel|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
ceiling|walls|PartOf|a house
arm|neck|HasProperty|lower body
forearm|elbow|MadeOf|a whole body part
tent|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
wheel|tank|HasA|wheels
prune|banana|IsA|more than one fruit
duck|rabbit|IsA|meat or animal
sack|coat|HasA|wheel
cigarette|chandelier|HasProperty|something to be worn
bagpipe|cello|UsedFor|sound
lantern|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
freezer|stove|IsA|electrical appliance
sandwich|wine|IsA|diary food
canoe|boat|CapableOf|carry multiple people
worker|wife|IsA|female
jeep|wheel|AtLocation|in water
raft|yacht|UsedFor|riding on water
rifle|barrel|HasProperty|tiger
skunk|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
carpet|sofa|CapableOf|open/close
tray|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
dress|gown|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
spider|moth|HasA|walking
wasp|cat|IsA|colorful 
socks|pants|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
broom|bed|IsA|man made thing
screwdriver|crayon|PartOf|what is your name this
pistol|rifle|UsedFor|harm
cousin|father|IsA|car
caterpillar|worm|CapableOf|flying
skirt|dress|MadeOf|threads
father|brother|AtLocation|in a royal family
coconut|tomato|IsA|vegetable
sandwich|salad|HasProperty|meaty
house|cottage|IsA|relatively small
clamp|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
oven|microwave|CapableOf|be use for transportation
otter|rabbit|MadeOf|green
arm|leg|AtLocation|on furniture
shirt|jeans|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
wife|sister|AtLocation|in a castle
cello|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
tiger|sheep|IsA|teeth
mirror|lantern|AtLocation|neck
plate|rocket|CapableOf|store or transport water
pen|knife|IsA|construction tool
barn|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
sink|kettle|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
chisel|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
magazine|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
fan|rocker|MadeOf|maybe
tomato|lime|IsA|fruit
plug|radio|IsA|electric 
ant|spider|HasProperty|an insect
jeep|yacht|UsedFor|delivering parcels
bed|bungalow|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
finger|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
squirrel|cat|HasA|tail
squid|tuna|AtLocation|at sea
typewriter|brush|HasA|sharp edge
brush|comb|HasA|sharp edge
trombone|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
clarinet|trombone|IsA|instrument
mother|wife|HasA|child
daughter|wife|HasProperty|male
plate|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
supper|sandwich|HasA|meat
coconut|cheese|CapableOf|bitter
cottage|church|HasA| place for worship
bedroom|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
soup|bean|HasProperty|meaty
fridge|door|UsedFor|heating items up
meat|butter|UsedFor|recipes 
tower|leg|PartOf|room
tap|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
scissors|chisel|UsedFor|writing
cabin|bedroom|PartOf|set of furniture
corn|avocado|UsedFor|cleaning
spider|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
banana|lemon|IsA|fruit
magazine|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
gate|inn|UsedFor|religious gatherings
fridge|colander|UsedFor|washing dishes
neck|bone|HasA|bones
drill|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
crocodile|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
prune|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
tap|hose|IsA|related to music 
saxophone|flute|IsA|wind instrument
cello|harp|MadeOf|strings
rifle|grenade|CapableOf|be used one-handed
cannon|pistol|UsedFor|shooting
rabbit|deer|AtLocation|pet store
walls|floor|IsA|part of a building
woodpecker|kite|HasA|large wing span
coyote|deer|CapableOf|go underground
tower|room|CapableOf|let in air
banana|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin (usually)
thigh|toe|PartOf|the upper body
knife|comb|MadeOf|writing
sugar|potatoes|AtLocation|in the ground
potato|tomato|HasProperty|red
cottage|tent|IsA|religious place
hose|bolts|HasA|a type of metal
saxophone|banjo|MadeOf|wood
paintbrush|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
radio|plug|MadeOf|metal
trout|cod|CapableOf|come in a tin
lobster|shrimp|HasA|shell
rattlesnake|ant|IsA|plant
ankle|knee|IsA|joint
toe|hair|AtLocation|below the knee
toe|ankle|HasProperty|lower body
rabbit|goat|HasProperty|red
magazine|fan|UsedFor|food
rope|plug|IsA|digital device
comb|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
scarf|necklace|HasProperty|worn on the neck
floor|bathroom|IsA|part of a building
chisel|pliers|UsedFor|crafts
cat|rabbit|AtLocation|pet store
liver|blood|IsA|cancer related card
mink|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
brow|finger|IsA|pink face feature
church|barn|IsA|component of a home
pony|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
actress|nurse|HasA|the color brown in it
rattlesnake|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
tap|faucet|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
son|brother|IsA|royalty
piano|banjo|IsA|instrument
house|hut|IsA|component of a home
garlic|prune|IsA|red  or orang
sugar|salad|IsA|meat
toaster|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
turtle|worm|MadeOf|small animals
eel|salmon|IsA|water animal
saxophone|tuba|UsedFor|sound
screwdriver|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
cello|banjo|MadeOf|strings
barn|house|IsA|permanent structure
meat|butter|CapableOf|fry
clamp|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
wheel|bike|AtLocation|in there
man|girl|IsA|occupation
bed|bridge|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
mink|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
lobster|squid|AtLocation|on a farm
fingers|finger|PartOf|lower body
boy|princess|IsA|family member
groundhog|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
tiger|goat|HasProperty|fluffy
dress|blouse|HasProperty|worn below the waist
raspberry|banana|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
boy|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
deer|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
tape|rocker|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
bagpipe|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
rope|bolts|IsA|vessel
frog|pony|AtLocation|pet store
cannon|screws|IsA|firearm
sink|dishwasher|CapableOf|make things cold
eggplant|beans|IsA|green vegetable
daughter|girlfriend|HasProperty|exclusively female
nurse|doctor|AtLocation|in a hospital
typewriter|drill|UsedFor|hair
faucet|clamp|UsedFor|entertainment
sheep|rabbit|AtLocation|pet store
pine|bed|IsA|weapon
chicken|lobster|HasA|legs
mother|princess|IsA|profession
strainer|screws|HasProperty|part of a car
body|nail|AtLocation|inside
plum|grapefruit|PartOf|a red the color of
floor|walls|MadeOf|wood
elbow|body|AtLocation|on head
wheel|jeep|AtLocation|in water
trousers|skirt|UsedFor|covering legs
boat|buggy|UsedFor|farming
paintbrush|crayon|UsedFor|writing/drawing
bathroom|roof|AtLocation|at ground level
door|cupboard|UsedFor|lighting
salmon|squid|AtLocation|at sea
beetle|cat|CapableOf|flying
wheel|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
razor|chisel|MadeOf|writing
crab|lobster|HasA|legs
jacket|coat|AtLocation|over your knees
boy|nurse|UsedFor|food
neck|hand|PartOf|room
car|bike|MadeOf|metal
hand|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
bedroom|bungalow|IsA|religious place
pen|brush|CapableOf|to paint
shotgun|rifle|HasProperty|tiger
dress|trousers|UsedFor|feet protection
snail|worm|IsA|slow mover
beaver|mole|CapableOf|attack human
elk|bison|IsA|has horns
pony|deer|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
donkey|rabbit|IsA|carnivore 
tape|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
plum|grapefruit|IsA|fruit
skunk|mole|IsA|predator
door|bed|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
arm|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
ceiling|floor|PartOf|garage
sailboat|canoe|CapableOf|be used on snow
shoes|jeans|UsedFor|warming upper body
camel|donkey|IsA|something a farmer would own
pencil|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
buggy|jeep|MadeOf|metal
nail|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
cougar|crocodile|HasA|hooves
stereo|fan|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
drill|pipe|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
prince|king|IsA|family member
ceiling|tower|PartOf|building
trousers|pants|IsA|typically female clothing item
skirt|boots|AtLocation|upper part of body
tomato|chicken|HasProperty|furry
house|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
rock|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
blouse|dress|CapableOf|be worn
pen|paintbrush|UsedFor|driving screws
knee|knees|HasProperty|lower body
broccoli|lime|HasProperty|green
hand|finger|IsA|part of a building
fingers|finger|PartOf|human body
kettle|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
door|closet|CapableOf|be plumbed in
bridge|chapel|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
tent|hut|HasProperty|part of a plane
bottle|pot|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
bed|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
bedroom|apartment|IsA|component of a home
hawk|seagull|HasProperty|a predator
fawn|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
dress|shirt|IsA|an accessory
gate|house|HasA|start with a b
neck|eye|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
caterpillar|beetle|IsA|insect
shrimp|salmon|AtLocation|at sea
wheel|barrel|UsedFor|harm
inn|house|HasProperty|made of concrete
rope|wheel|AtLocation|kitchen
neck|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
umbrella|blouse|UsedFor|protection
blouse|jacket|IsA|logo
pencil|pen|MadeOf|only metal
pencil|pen|HasA|bushy tail
camel|zebra|HasA|tail
donkey|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
nail|toe|AtLocation|inside
hare|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
knees|knee|HasProperty|has five toes
worker|doctor|IsA|family member
mink|otter|AtLocation|water usually
paintbrush|stick|MadeOf|writing
grapefruit|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
yacht|sailboat|HasA|wheels
radio|fan|CapableOf|consume electricity
mink|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
meat|salad|UsedFor|desserts
screws|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
wheel|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
nail|body|CapableOf|help you walk
frog|ant|HasA|walking
jeep|bike|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
woman|nurse|IsA|female
wheel|tray|PartOf|any of various units of 
skirt|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
raccoon|skunk|IsA|sad
man|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
fingers|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
clarinet|saxophone|HasA|valves
banana|grapefruit|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
crocodile|alligator|CapableOf|be found in the water
cigarette|lamp|UsedFor|wearing
crayon|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bar|floor|PartOf|human body
giraffe|cart|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
banana|pear|IsA|fruit
stove|cupboard|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
olive|lime|PartOf|eating
house|inn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
salmon|tuna|HasA|red shell when cooked
gun|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
cathedral|church|IsA|public building (typically)
bolts|magazine|CapableOf|be turned on
skateboard|raft|UsedFor|eating
neck|arm|HasProperty|upper body
pipe|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
eagle|hawk|IsA|dangerous bird
pigeon|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
tank|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tractor|bike|AtLocation|in water
sink|colander|HasProperty|consuming electricity
bison|deer|IsA|has horns
tape|wheel|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
tiger|zebra|HasA|stripes
brush|typewriter|PartOf|what is your name this
tank|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
lantern|candle|CapableOf|move
door|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
squirrel|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
crayon|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bison|elk|IsA|has horns
rope|fan|CapableOf|provide water
deck|roof|PartOf|human body
mother|nurse|HasA|a blood relation with you
jeep|skis|AtLocation|in there
floor|window|PartOf|another card 
hose|mixer|UsedFor|can your card used home
beaver|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
kettle|dishwasher|IsA|electric powered item
hyena|cheetah|IsA|predator 
ankle|toe|PartOf|lower body
hawk|pigeon|CapableOf|fly
curtains|cupboard|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
frog|spider|IsA|household pet
paintbrush|chisel|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
window|walls|CapableOf|be used home
mink|skunk|IsA|predator
jeep|tank|UsedFor|delivering parcels
mackerel|perch|IsA|name begging with c
toe|ankle|CapableOf|help you walk
horse|tiger|HasA| mane (hair on it)
flute|saxophone|HasA|reed to make it work
apartment|cabin|IsA|religious place
boat|sled|HasA|wheels
cockroach|spider|CapableOf|flying
radio|tap|IsA|digital device
dog|goat|IsA|teeth
eggplant|onions|HasProperty|green (most part)
soup|salad|HasProperty|meaty
rock|radio|MadeOf|steel
spoon|ladle|HasProperty|electrically powered
beaver|raccoon|CapableOf|hunt other animals
necklace|blouse|IsA|home appliance
gate|bridge|UsedFor|sleeping in
gorilla|hyena|IsA|has horns
typewriter|pencil|MadeOf|writing
forearm|wrist|UsedFor|holding an apple
salad|potatoes|UsedFor|dessert
clarinet|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
eagle|pelican|IsA|sea bird
spider|frog|AtLocation|in a house
moth|beetle|HasA|walking
olive|onions|HasProperty|green
goat|sheep|UsedFor|riding
chapel|church|IsA|component of a home
blender|door|UsedFor|heating items up
plate|screws|PartOf|any of various units of 
pear|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
rope|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
tiger|crocodile|HasA|big horns/tusk
deck|walls|PartOf|room
frog|rabbit|CapableOf|be domesticated
cat|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
hyena|cougar|IsA|violent creature
corn|beans|UsedFor|cleaning
gown|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
grenade|wheel|IsA|firearm
door|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
yacht|tank|HasA|an engine
cow|sheep|CapableOf|be domesticated
apartment|building|IsA|place to live permanently
toe|knee|PartOf|lower body
plug|fan|IsA|digital device
caribou|zebra|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
dishwasher|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
kite|falcon|PartOf|wild life
bike|sailboat|HasA|an engine
turtle|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
prune|raspberry|PartOf|group or bunch 
blouse|clock|UsedFor|wearing
elephant|bison|IsA|something a farmer would own
frog|deer|UsedFor|riding
elephant|deer|AtLocation|jungle
rocket|gun|HasProperty|tiger
duck|dove|HasProperty|a predator
trombone|harp|UsedFor|sound
lobster|zebra|IsA|fish
coconut|garlic|IsA|berry
razor|knife|CapableOf|be used for drawing
wheel|rope|CapableOf|use electricity
iguana|squirrel|HasA|four feet
coconut|cranberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
aunt|actress|HasProperty|royalty
saxophone|bagpipe|HasA|keys
hose|rope|CapableOf|used in war
jeep|buggy|UsedFor|farming
brush|scissors|CapableOf|be used for hair
hand|forearm|UsedFor|waving
frog|rabbit|UsedFor|human transport
elephant|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
wheel|rope|UsedFor|building
rope|rocket|UsedFor|harm
car|buggy|UsedFor|delivering parcels
rocker|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
eel|mackerel|HasA|red shell when cooked
prune|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
knife|pliers|PartOf|drawing
tower|ceiling|PartOf|another card 
room|walls|PartOf|another card 
sheep|goat|HasA|horn on head
donkey|pony|HasA|paws
nurse|boy|HasA|head
donkey|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
chicken|zebra|IsA|fish
dog|deer|UsedFor|riding
inn|gate|UsedFor|religious gatherings
leg|neck|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
clamp|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
sack|bag|IsA|piece of clothing
walls|floor|AtLocation|at ground level
asparagus|octopus|HasA|fins
squirrel|frog|HasProperty|four-legged
bike|jeep|HasA|wheels
gown|skirt|UsedFor|by mainly women
knee|toe|AtLocation|below the waist 
fawn|deer|IsA|mammal
faucet|rope|IsA|electronic device
accordion|violin|UsedFor|sound
deer|pony|HasA| mane (hair on it)
lantern|mirror|UsedFor|wearing
roof|bar|IsA|part of a building
knife|razor|MadeOf|writing
neck|elbow|AtLocation|below where a watch is
tap|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
bison|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pliers|stick|MadeOf|writing
mackerel|catfish|IsA|fish
pipe|strainer|MadeOf|metal/steel
mixer|bolts|AtLocation|at an electronics store
sister|wife|PartOf|your family
knees|toe|PartOf|the upper body
oven|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
plate|cannon|CapableOf|transport liquids
cougar|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
raspberry|plum|IsA|long fruit
prune|plum|IsA|word beginning with p
coyote|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
octopus|catfish|IsA|water animal
muscle|skin|AtLocation|on head
goat|bison|IsA|teeth
supper|bean|HasA|vegetable(s)
corn|broccoli|IsA|vegetable
canoe|raft|CapableOf|carry multiple people
frog|rabbit|IsA|teeth
ant|cat|HasA|walking
squirrel|mole|AtLocation|on tree
grenade|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
car|wheel|UsedFor|water
pants|jeans|AtLocation|foot
camel|zebra|HasA|horn
boat|yacht|HasA|wheels
sailboat|bike|HasA|an engine
fingers|forearm|IsA|joint
crayon|scissors|UsedFor|cutting
strawberry|cherry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
girlfriend|actress|HasProperty|male
tank|jeep|HasA|an engine
jeans|shoes|AtLocation|upper part of body
rock|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
fingers|arm|HasA|more than 1 finger
gown|blouse|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
wall|bed|PartOf|the entrance to a room
stereo|tape|UsedFor|can your card used home
elbow|arm|IsA|upper body part
skunk|mole|IsA|sad
squirrel|iguana|AtLocation|in a river 
skateboard|car|UsedFor|land suitable one
worker|woman|IsA|car
brush|screwdriver|HasA|sharp edge
faucet|plug|IsA|digital device
ladle|sink|CapableOf|hold water
paintbrush|crayon|MadeOf|writing
plum|cherry|HasProperty|sweet
banjo|cello|IsA|wind instrument
cloak|robe|HasProperty|something that is worn
goat|chicken|MadeOf|something edible
toaster|microwave|CapableOf|hold water
woman|cousin|IsA|family member
cow|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
garlic|orange|IsA|fruit
cousin|king|IsA|man
blood|kidney|AtLocation|inside
barrel|wheel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
bison|cheetah|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
spoon|ladle|CapableOf|make things cold
pipe|bolts|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
spider|snail|CapableOf|fly
father|prince|AtLocation|royal meeting room
rope|bolts|IsA|digital device
skirt|sack|HasA|sleeves
blouse|skirt|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
blouse|umbrella|IsA|logo
snail|frog|HasA|walking
pelican|duck|PartOf|wild life
ship|jet|CapableOf|be found on water
stove|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
elephant|camel|IsA|type of big cat
elbow|neck|AtLocation|in your upper body
fan|plug|CapableOf|provide water
onions|tomato|IsA|n ingredient for sauce
mackerel|squid|IsA|water animal
jeep|buggy|CapableOf|hold more than one person
carpet|curtains|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
bag|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
cougar|hyena|IsA|has horns
crocodile|cow|IsA|teeth
scarf|cigarette|IsA|home appliance
trousers|shoes|PartOf|lower waistline
barn|bungalow|MadeOf|one or more rooms
mother|girl|IsA|head
tower|deck|IsA|part of a building
avocado|celery|HasProperty|something people usually eat raw
floor|tower|HasProperty|enclosed
frog|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
stereo|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
coyote|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
boy|aunt|IsA|car
screws|wheel|IsA|vessel
closet|door|IsA|electrical appliance
faucet|tap|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
arm|eye|HasA|bones
glass|skunk|IsA|plant
sister|wife|HasA|multiple people pictured
robe|skirt|UsedFor|protection
lamb|rabbit|HasProperty|furry
clamp|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
toilet|closet|UsedFor|making food
brush|crayon|UsedFor|cutting
comb|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
meat|salad|HasA|green label
banjo|violin|UsedFor|sound
church|inn|IsA|component of a home
razor|drill|UsedFor|crafts
harp|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
skirt|trousers|UsedFor|warming upper body
eel|salmon|HasA|shell
eggplant|corn|HasProperty|needs peeling
crayon|pencil|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
skin|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
tray|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
frog|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
bed|bedroom|CapableOf|be used to sleep
bison|buffalo|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
eel|perch|IsA|mollusk
arm|eye|IsA|limb
eagle|pelican|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
plum|peach|HasA|edible skin
squirrel|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
avocado|plum|HasA|big seed
trumpet|accordion|UsedFor|sound
bridge|church|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
cousin|prince|IsA|family
bag|wheelbarrow|IsA|an accessory
caterpillar|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
skunk|mink|IsA|animal with long ears
fridge|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
wrist|hand|AtLocation|upper body
tape|fan|IsA|digital device
toe|neck|IsA|part of the skeleton
grenade|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
man|girlfriend|IsA|family member
rock|microwave|MadeOf|steel
balloon|ship|CapableOf|fly
zebra|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
wheelbarrow|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
faucet|rope|MadeOf|metal
cow|mouse|IsA|common pet
pear|banana|IsA|physical fruit or veg
socks|jeans|HasProperty|worn below the waist
crocodile|gorilla|HasA|antlers/tusks
cranberry|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
soup|sandwich|IsA|liquid
squirrel|rabbit|CapableOf|be held 
bison|frog|UsedFor|human transport
jacket|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
flea|moth|IsA|bug
mother|boy|UsedFor|transportation
actress|worker|MadeOf|metal
horse|rabbit|UsedFor|a source of milk
harmonica|tuba|IsA|wind instrument
sauce|liquor|IsA|liquid
beaver|mink|CapableOf|hunt other animals
pineapple|banana|HasA|usually inedible skin
actress|nurse|UsedFor|food
mother|woman|IsA|noun
yacht|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
microwave|cupboard|AtLocation|on a countertop
oven|rocker|UsedFor|keeping things cool
trombone|banjo|MadeOf|wood
tank|rocket|HasA|finger trigger
pear|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
jacket|coat|IsA|an accessory
butterfly|turtle|IsA|plant
pen|razor|CapableOf|to paint
rope|tape|IsA|digital device
curtains|wall|UsedFor|sleep
skirt|socks|HasProperty|worn below the waist
blouse|skirt|UsedFor|protection
sack|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
snail|beetle|IsA|bug
trousers|pants|UsedFor|warming upper body
chandelier|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
plug|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
alligator|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bean|salad|IsA|meat
groundhog|rabbit|PartOf|herd
floor|deck|PartOf|house
mackerel|squid|HasA|shell
rock|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
squirrel|elephant|CapableOf|be found in the water
skis|jeep|UsedFor|eating
rope|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
aunt|princess|AtLocation|in a castle
rock|fan|CapableOf|provide water
barn|bedroom|IsA|religious place
clamp|plug|CapableOf|make sound
horse|tiger|IsA|an animal
pear|raspberry|HasA|(usually) edible skin
girl|daughter|IsA|profession
lime|cherry|CapableOf|delicious
trumpet|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
yacht|boat|HasProperty|usually a large size
skis|bike|UsedFor|eating
banjo|saxophone|HasA|strings
groundhog|porcupine|HasA|horn
chocolate|salad|UsedFor|dessert
shoulder|forearm|IsA|plural
cat|squirrel|IsA|household pet
frog|cow|HasA|eating
cherry|plum|HasProperty|red
corn|lemon|HasProperty|green
candle|thermometer|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
pony|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
mink|plastic|CapableOf|burn
hare|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
princess|worker|IsA|family member
brother|son|IsA|female
coconut|cherry|IsA|fruit
rope|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
knife|brush|CapableOf|to paint
kettle|microwave|CapableOf|be plugged in
uncle|father|IsA|family member
moth|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
bike|canoe|HasA|an engine
fan|wheel|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
kidney|liver|IsA|limb
seagull|eagle|HasA|large wingspan
woman|man|IsA|noun
finger|throat|UsedFor|eating
meat|salad|UsedFor|dessert
grapefruit|pear|PartOf|a red the color of
pants|skirt|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
bag|blouse|IsA|worn on the lower body
blood|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
eye|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
fingers|neck|IsA|joint
porcupine|deer|IsA|predator
chocolate|meat|UsedFor|desserts
hose|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mother|sister|HasA|green item of clothing
apartment|tent|IsA|religious place
bedroom|bridge|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
butterfly|caterpillar|HasA|wings
cottage|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
door|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
onions|beans|IsA|purple vegetable
bungalow|apartment|IsA|component of a home
groundhog|skunk|CapableOf|attack human
window|finger|PartOf|room
plum|pear|IsA|long fruit
eagle|kite|IsA|bird of prey
apartment|church|IsA|permanent structure
cigarette|mirror|AtLocation|neck
horse|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
rifle|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
beans|corn|HasA|any green on it 
sandwich|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
caterpillar|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
door|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
bedroom|bungalow|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
princess|girlfriend|IsA|profession
banana|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
window|hand|PartOf|house
salmon|tuna|AtLocation|at sea
yacht|wheel|UsedFor|eating
curtains|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
turtle|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
walls|floor|PartOf|another card 
inn|gate|IsA|religious place
horse|rabbit|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
rock|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
cheese|coconut|MadeOf|juice making
frog|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
boat|sailboat|CapableOf|carry multiple people
brother|king|IsA|man
clamp|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
banana|raspberry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
flea|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
ant|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
nail|toe|AtLocation|on head
ant|butterfly|CapableOf|fly
mole|raccoon|HasA|hooves
walls|floor|UsedFor|tiling
floor|room|AtLocation|above your head in general
roof|tower|PartOf|house
cockroach|turtle|HasA|walking
sheep|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
finger|shoulder|HasProperty|upper body
woman|aunt|IsA|car
shrimp|asparagus|HasA|fins
brush|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
dishwasher|oven|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
bathroom|window|AtLocation|above your head in general
elbow|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
flute|bagpipe|IsA|wind instrument
razor|spatula|PartOf|drawing
sack|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|transporting things
salmon|cod|CapableOf|come in a tin
bison|camel|MadeOf|a living thing
giraffe|buffalo|HasA|hooves
leg|foot|AtLocation|upper body
wheel|scooter|AtLocation|in water
woman|girl|HasA|blood relation with you
deer|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
orange|lime|IsA|fruit
plum|prune|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
saxophone|guitar|MadeOf|wood
tomato|chicken|MadeOf|red
lamb|potato|AtLocation|in water
buggy|bike|AtLocation|in water
perch|trout|HasA|legs
zebra|cougar|IsA|type of cat
actress|father|IsA|female
cigarette|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
buggy|tractor|UsedFor|farming
actress|worker|IsA|profession
elephant|frog|CapableOf|jump
crocodile|frog|IsA|teeth
actress|cousin|IsA|direct relation
butterfly|snail|HasA|walking
fridge|toaster|CapableOf|be plugged in
comb|drill|HasA|sharp edge
oven|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
wall|carpet|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
son|cousin|HasProperty|a family member
jacket|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
tiger|elephant|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
rattlesnake|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
kettle|stove|IsA|electrical appliance
nurse|doctor|IsA|male
sack|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
rocket|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
actress|nurse|HasProperty|royalty
raft|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
radio|faucet|IsA|digital device
wheelbarrow|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
raccoon|porcupine|PartOf|herd
violin|piano|MadeOf|strings
metal|wood|IsA|bottle
rope|wheel|UsedFor|a vehicle
rocker|magazine|MadeOf|steel
coconut|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
gun|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
skunk|mink|HasA|hair/fur
elk|caribou|HasA|antlers or tusks
knees|knee|IsA|joint
beetle|butterfly|HasA|wings
hyena|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
canoe|skis|HasA|an engine
alligator|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bedroom|apartment|IsA|place to live permanently
thigh|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
stick|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
knife|drill|CapableOf|print
rock|magazine|MadeOf|metal/steel
comb|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
goat|camel|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
tiger|pony|HasProperty|fluffy
leopard|crocodile|IsA|predator 
lantern|lamp|CapableOf|generate light
kidney|bone|AtLocation|inside
chicken|lobster|HasA|red shell when cooked
rattlesnake|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
ceiling|roof|MadeOf|wood
coconut|avocado|HasA|edible skin
necklace|chandelier|UsedFor|lighting
radio|plug|UsedFor|electronic uses
woman|boy|IsA|car
dishwasher|freezer|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
arm|shoulder|IsA|upper body part
eel|crab|IsA|fish
buffalo|caribou|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
pipe|screws|MadeOf|metal
squirrel|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
tap|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
chisel|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
magazine|rock|CapableOf|working
room|ceiling|PartOf|building
tiger|deer|IsA|predator 
crab|zebra|IsA|mollusk
screws|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cigarette|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
buffalo|camel|HasA|spots or stripes
bolts|clamp|UsedFor|entertainment
yacht|boat|CapableOf|house a pool on it
scooter|canoe|UsedFor|eating
tray|wheel|UsedFor|storing wine
sugar|salad|IsA|diary food
squirrel|groundhog|HasA|hooves
catfish|perch|IsA|water animal
wasp|snail|IsA|bug
pelican|hawk|IsA|dangerous bird
bedroom|bed|AtLocation|at your home
rattlesnake|worm|MadeOf|small animals
boots|pants|CapableOf|keep legs warm
trombone|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
actress|doctor|IsA|profession
wasp|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
flute|saxophone|HasA|valves
princess|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
sofa|bed|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
mixer|plug|IsA|digital device
aunt|cousin|IsA|female
foot|toe|IsA|plural
mink|rabbit|IsA|mink
cousin|sister|HasProperty|older than you
ankle|toe|IsA|limb
stereo|mixer|HasA|string or line
stork|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
jeep|wheel|HasA|two rows of seats
pineapple|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
finger|leg|PartOf|house
raccoon|coyote|HasA|horn
deer|tiger|IsA|predator 
cheetah|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
tape|tap|IsA|electronic device
chocolate|milk|MadeOf|cup
strawberry|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
boots|pants|UsedFor|warming upper body
trumpet|saxophone|IsA|instrument that gets pulled
skunk|rabbit|IsA|predator
beetle|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
beaver|hare|HasProperty|living in water
rope|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
zebra|tiger|IsA|predator 
typewriter|crayon|IsA|metal
saxophone|trombone|HasA|strings
bolts|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
strainer|plate|AtLocation|at home
hose|plate|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
cigarette|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
necklace|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
strainer|plate|PartOf|any of various units of 
accordion|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
carpet|bed|CapableOf|contain items
cousin|daughter|IsA|family member
shoulder|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
beetle|frog|HasA|walking
plate|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
cow|cat|CapableOf|jump
hand|finger|PartOf|human body
worm|wasp|IsA|plant
plum|avocado|HasA|stone inside
perch|octopus|IsA|black and white
pear|raspberry|HasA|big seed
cart|tiger|HasA|horn
mink|hare|IsA|mammal
mixer|magazine|IsA|digital device
frog|cat|UsedFor|riding
grapefruit|raspberry|PartOf|group or bunch 
saxophone|flute|HasA|keys
wheel|clamp|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
cello|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
crocodile|tiger|IsA|herbivore
lobster|tuna|HasA|red shell when cooked
pen|stick|IsA|construction tool
tiger|horse|IsA|typical pet
squirrel|beaver|HasA|horn
comb|scissors|IsA|construction tool
sink|colander|HasA|electrical parts
cherry|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
groundhog|raccoon|CapableOf|climb trees
skunk|groundhog|CapableOf|be held 
broccoli|avocado|HasProperty|a green food
man|mother|IsA|noun
saxophone|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
cheetah|hyena|IsA|type of big cat
skunk|beaver|HasA|long ear
plum|prune|HasProperty|sweet
rattlesnake|beetle|AtLocation|nature
inn|building|IsA|component of a home
horse|crocodile|HasA|trunk
wasp|ant|HasA|wings
screws|tank|PartOf|any of various units of 
flute|trombone|PartOf|strings
plug|hose|PartOf|tire
flea|frog|IsA|plant
soup|bacon|IsA|diary food
spear|willow|IsA|tree
truck|tractor|UsedFor|traveling over rough terrain
umbrella|cloak|UsedFor|protection
knee|foot|PartOf|the upper body
garlic|pepper|IsA|fruit
tray|mirror|CapableOf|generate light
worm|spider|IsA|colorful 
stick|comb|CapableOf|to paint
perch|squid|AtLocation|on a farm
body|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
butterfly|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
turtle|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
cousin|princess|HasProperty|older than you
mole|skunk|CapableOf|climb on tree
prune|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
trombone|trumpet|CapableOf|be played with mouth
beaver|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
stick|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
rocker|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
tuna|salmon|HasA|fins
sink|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
camel|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
lemon|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
octopus|squid|HasA|shell
garlic|onions|IsA|fruit
knife|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
milk|butter|UsedFor|recipes 
mother|aunt|HasA|child
eel|trout|HasA|shell
chocolate|potatoes|IsA|meat
aunt|daughter|HasA|blood relation with you
corn|eggplant|HasProperty|green (most part)
radio|bolts|MadeOf|paper
screws|barrel|IsA|firearm
clamp|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
actress|wife|HasProperty|royalty
aunt|sister|IsA|profession
zebra|tiger|UsedFor|eating
crayon|paintbrush|UsedFor|drawing or painting
blouse|cloak|HasProperty|something that is worn
cod|salmon|HasA|red shell when cooked
arm|forearm|UsedFor|holding a cup
hawk|falcon|HasA|start with a p
kettle|sink|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
mackerel|cod|AtLocation|in sea
mother|cousin|IsA|car
brush|pencil|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
jeep|scooter|AtLocation|in water
spoon|ladle|IsA|appliance
avocado|raspberry|PartOf|a red the color of
alligator|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
coat|blouse|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
kite|falcon|IsA|alive 
rock|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
seagull|owl|HasA|large wing span
yacht|tractor|UsedFor|eating
olive|lime|IsA|fruit
rope|rock|UsedFor|listening to music
door|sofa|UsedFor|sleep
screwdriver|typewriter|PartOf|what is the name of 
brow|finger|UsedFor|eating
finger|arm|PartOf|building
finger|fingers|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
daughter|doctor|IsA|female
beetle|moth|IsA|insect
gate|cottage|HasA|start with a b
doctor|girlfriend|IsA|male
tap|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
cannon|rocket|HasA|trigger
tiger|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
raft|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
daughter|father|UsedFor|transportation
kettle|sink|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
gate|tent|HasA| 5 letters or less
scissors|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
blouse|bag|IsA|worn on the lower body
beetle|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
rope|magazine|UsedFor|entertainment
crocodile|alligator|CapableOf|go under underwater
horse|donkey|UsedFor|a mode of transport
shoulder|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
doctor|boy|IsA|female (strictly)
pear|banana|IsA|berry
radio|oven|CapableOf|be use for transportation
paintbrush|pen|UsedFor|driving screws
mackerel|crab|IsA|water animal
broccoli|celery|UsedFor|meat replacement
rattlesnake|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
vulture|eagle|HasA|large wing span
pistol|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
aunt|daughter|IsA|younger person
woman|doctor|IsA|female
groundhog|hare|CapableOf|live in water
cottage|tent|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
pony|goat|HasA|horn on head
coconut|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
eel|trout|IsA|name begging with c
shield|cloak|HasProperty|something that is worn
zebra|leopard|IsA|has horns
mouse|frog|HasA|tail
fridge|dishwasher|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
screws|bolts|UsedFor|building
hose|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
orange|coconut|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
pear|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
carpet|curtains|MadeOf|wood typically
brush|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
stereo|radio|UsedFor|listening to music
thigh|foot|HasProperty|lower body
pen|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
actress|daughter|HasProperty|a picture of a female
closet|tray|UsedFor|making food
beaver|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
bedroom|wall|PartOf|the entrance to a room
pliers|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
princess|woman|HasProperty|a picture of a female
peach|cherry|HasA|single hard pit
comb|razor|CapableOf|be used for drawing
dishwasher|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
apartment|cottage|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
inn|church|IsA|place to live permanently
harmonica|saxophone|HasA|strings
skirt|pants|AtLocation|above the feet
skunk|mole|HasProperty|living in water
elbow|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
squirrel|frog|HasA|walking
beetle|butterfly|HasA|walking
caterpillar|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
sailboat|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
pot|bottle|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
harmonica|flute|IsA|brass instrument
canoe|skateboard|HasA|an engine
shoes|skirt|HasA|sleeves
chicken|zebra|IsA|mollusk
princess|father|HasProperty|a picture of a female
beer|whisky|IsA|liquid
bone|nail|IsA|limb
barn|cottage|PartOf|set of furniture
inn|gate|HasProperty|a black and white picture
walls|bar|PartOf|human body
giraffe|horse|CapableOf|fly
flea|squirrel|HasA|walking
cat|frog|HasA|walking
camel|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
avocado|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
chapel|gate|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
coat|skirt|CapableOf|be worn
squirrel|moth|HasA|walking
paintbrush|pen|MadeOf|only metal
sofa|bed|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
wrist|elbow|PartOf|the lower body
bathroom|floor|PartOf|a house
worm|snail|IsA|bug
bedroom|church|IsA|permanent structure
throat|neck|UsedFor|eating
finger|hand|IsA|joint
pants|blouse|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
rifle|cannon|MadeOf|wood (partially)
flea|spider|HasProperty|an insect
rifle|pistol|IsA|hand-held weapon
trumpet|tuba|HasA|keys
deer|hare|HasA|hair/fur
beetle|flea|IsA|plant
magazine|tap|IsA|digital device
neck|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
typewriter|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pliers|spatula|UsedFor|hair
elephant|rabbit|IsA|teeth
deck|room|PartOf|building
forearm|shoulder|UsedFor|holding a cup
goat|duck|MadeOf|red
fridge|dishwasher|CapableOf|hold water
blouse|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
elbow|shoulder|AtLocation|upper body
mink|mole|HasA|hair/fur
bike|tractor|UsedFor|land suitable one
nail|body|AtLocation|below the knee
church|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
radio|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
pencil|paintbrush|MadeOf|only metal
sailboat|boat|AtLocation|in water
shoulder|fingers|PartOf|lower body
dog|rabbit|HasA|fur
tank|shotgun|IsA|weapon
turtle|frog|MadeOf|small animals
girlfriend|mother|HasProperty|male
buggy|truck|AtLocation|in there
bolts|drill|UsedFor|daily usage 
drill|comb|MadeOf|writing
forearm|wrist|PartOf|the upper body
brush|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
strainer|screws|AtLocation|at home
camel|tiger|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tray|chandelier|UsedFor|wearing
banjo|cello|HasA|keys
accordion|trumpet|HasA|strings
aunt|actress|IsA|car
sauce|butter|HasProperty|a liquid
raft|boat|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
hose|faucet|CapableOf|provide water
tiger|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
tank|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
daughter|father|IsA|female
pipe|screws|UsedFor|harm
tiger|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
colander|blender|CapableOf|scoop things
neck|nose|IsA|part of the body
umbrella|skirt|HasProperty|something that is worn
pistol|rifle|IsA|firearm
church|cabin|IsA|component of a home
mole|beaver|HasA|hair/fur
pipe|strainer|CapableOf|destroy a building
plum|grapefruit|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
freezer|blender|UsedFor|cooking food
shoes|trousers|IsA|piece of clothing
grapefruit|pineapple|IsA|fruit
coconut|cherry|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
pen|knife|CapableOf|to paint
beetle|ant|HasA|wings
cougar|ox|UsedFor|travel
liquor|wine|IsA|alcohol
clamp|radio|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
screwdriver|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
porcupine|squirrel|IsA|predator
dishwasher|kettle|HasA|electrical parts
donkey|horse|HasProperty|fluffy
banana|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
saucer|bowl|CapableOf|hold soup
foot|toe|HasProperty|lower body
cod|zebra|IsA|mollusk
chandelier|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
garlic|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
buggy|yacht|UsedFor|farming
willow|bayonet|IsA|tree
pliers|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for drawing
mink|squirrel|CapableOf|hunt other animals
gate|tent|HasA|start with a b
ant|moth|IsA|bug
spider|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
tank|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
eye|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
rocket|grenade|UsedFor|firing artillery
mirror|thermometer|UsedFor|wearing
wheel|buggy|CapableOf|hold more than one person
robe|cloak|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
pencil|brush|CapableOf|to paint
finger|nose|UsedFor|eating
hose|screws|UsedFor|harm
typewriter|comb|HasA|sharp edge
scooter|boat|UsedFor|single person transport
cockroach|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
eye|nail|CapableOf|help you walk
banana|plum|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
bison|pony|HasA|hooves
raccoon|deer|HasA|hair/fur
rock|clamp|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
perch|crab|IsA|mollusk
shoes|boots|AtLocation|above the feet
kettle|freezer|UsedFor|cooking food
bean|bacon|UsedFor|dinner
hawk|dove|HasA|large wingspan
daughter|brother|AtLocation|in a royal family
finger|fingers|UsedFor|holding an apple
cottage|cabin|UsedFor|human living
coyote|raccoon|CapableOf|hunt other animals
nurse|princess|IsA|car
chisel|screwdriver|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
yacht|sled|HasA|wheels
worker|girl|UsedFor|food
raspberry|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothies
leg|knee|AtLocation|below the waist 
chisel|comb|CapableOf|to paint
wrist|shoulder|HasA|nails
mole|skunk|IsA|animal with long ears
worker|actress|AtLocation|in a hospital
tower|floor|CapableOf|let in air
son|father|AtLocation|royal meeting room
mole|squirrel|HasA|hooves
ankle|body|PartOf|the images displayed
eagle|falcon|IsA|sea bird
butterfly|turtle|HasA|walking
flute|banjo|MadeOf|wood
plum|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
strawberry|prune|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
rifle|gun|HasA|finger trigger
worm|cockroach|HasProperty|an insect
bison|pony|HasProperty|fluffy
porcupine|squirrel|AtLocation|on tree
flute|guitar|HasA|keys
coyote|mink|IsA|herbivore
garlic|orange|CapableOf|bitter
canoe|yacht|UsedFor|riding on water
snail|moth|IsA|insect
cow|cat|AtLocation|pet store
camel|donkey|HasA| mane (hair on it)
candle|chandelier|HasProperty|quite small
skin|hair|AtLocation|on head
son|king|IsA|direct relation with you
orange|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
bike|tank|AtLocation|in there
skunk|raccoon|HasA|hooves
man|princess|IsA|profession
cranberry|strawberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
liver|toe|AtLocation|on head
elephant|elk|HasA|antlers or tusks
pencil|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
raccoon|mole|HasA|hooves
stove|kettle|UsedFor|storing food 
gown|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
parakeet|dove|HasA|large wing span
tap|hose|PartOf|tire
lantern|chandelier|HasProperty|something to be worn
drill|pliers|HasA|sharp edge
orange|lemon|MadeOf|juice making
squirrel|alligator|HasA|legs
floor|tower|PartOf|house
shoes|dress|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
crab|salmon|HasA|red shell when cooked
raccoon|mink|IsA|predator
mixer|stereo|CapableOf|consume electricity
skunk|beaver|CapableOf|climb trees
mirror|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
screws|pipe|MadeOf|wood
shirt|dress|IsA|worn on the lower body
mouth|lips|PartOf|face
cello|guitar|HasA|neck
cockroach|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
buffalo|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
raccoon|otter|AtLocation|water usually
zebra|gorilla|AtLocation|in water
boots|jeans|AtLocation|upper part of body
dog|tiger|HasA|fur
canoe|buggy|HasA|wheels
neck|elbow|AtLocation|inside
wrist|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
olive|broccoli|IsA|fruit
pants|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
bed|bedroom|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
mackerel|eel|IsA|mollusk
tuba|harpsichord|HasA|strings
clarinet|flute|CapableOf|be played with mouth
jeans|boots|IsA|typically female clothing item
hand|neck|PartOf|body
neck|toe|UsedFor|a fight
oven|rock|MadeOf|maybe
garlic|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable
violin|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
fridge|kettle|UsedFor|washing dishes
screwdriver|chisel|UsedFor|crafts
catfish|salmon|HasA|shell
gun|pistol|CapableOf|fire bullets
father|uncle|IsA|family member
hare|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
ship|boat|AtLocation|in water
wife|father|IsA|car
bolts|hose|HasA|a type of metal
wife|actress|IsA|female
tap|faucet|UsedFor|a vehicle
sink|toaster|AtLocation|on a countertop
skis|buggy|UsedFor|land suitable one
cat|frog|AtLocation|nature
bar|roof|IsA|body part
eagle|falcon|CapableOf|fly
buggy|car|HasA|wheels
pliers|comb|PartOf|drawing
banjo|guitar|HasA|keys
body|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
worm|flea|AtLocation|nature
rabbit|mole|CapableOf|climb on tree
camel|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
eye|nail|AtLocation|below your waist
ceiling|room|PartOf|building
drill|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
thermometer|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
falcon|hawk|HasA|wings
wheelbarrow|jacket|UsedFor|transporting things
hair|muscle|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
hose|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
skin|leg|AtLocation|inside
door|fridge|UsedFor|making food
rifle|tank|IsA|weapon
bolts|fan|CapableOf|make or play music
boat|truck|HasA|an engine
raccoon|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
harpsichord|accordion|HasA|neck
nurse|man|HasProperty|steel
duck|kite|HasProperty|a predator
microwave|fridge|CapableOf|be plugged in
hair|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
meal|sandwich|MadeOf|meat
chisel|drill|CapableOf|be used for drawing
ant|snail|IsA|colorful 
coat|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
freezer|dishwasher|PartOf|kitchen appliance
chisel|brush|CapableOf|writing
hand|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
cottage|barn|IsA|religious place
rabbit|donkey|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pipe|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
goat|dog|UsedFor|riding
camel|zebra|CapableOf|walk on 2 feet
groundhog|skunk|AtLocation|on tree
thigh|knee|AtLocation|upper body
rocket|tank|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
wheel|jeep|UsedFor|eating
window|floor|HasProperty|an enclosed space
wheel|plug|IsA|digital device
cat|donkey|IsA|something a farmer would own
comb|brush|CapableOf|print
elbow|finger|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
bone|toe|HasA|bones
mixer|faucet|IsA|digital device
stick|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
girl|boy|IsA|job or profession
paintbrush|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
moth|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
zebra|cart|AtLocation|in africa
shrimp|squid|HasA|legs
blood|kidney|IsA|edible part of other animals
bolts|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rocker|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
plum|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothies
daughter|woman|CapableOf|become pregnant 
rabbit|donkey|IsA|typical pet
candle|chandelier|CapableOf|give off light/glow
bar|window|IsA|body part
tractor|truck|UsedFor|war
grapefruit|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
nurse|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
tin|skunk|IsA|bottle
cupboard|door|CapableOf|be opened and closed
rabbit|cat|HasA|fur
pepper|orange|HasProperty|green
chicken|catfish|HasA|red shell when cooked
mole|raccoon|AtLocation|carnivorous
strawberry|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
cat|horse|AtLocation|pet store
meat|sauce|IsA|colour red
wheel|grenade|CapableOf|contain water
zebra|elephant|IsA|herbivore
stereo|radio|UsedFor|electronic uses
bed|oak|IsA|red home
clamp|fan|HasProperty|round shaped
wife|girlfriend|IsA|family member
grenade|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
chisel|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
sled|yacht|CapableOf|be used on snow
pony|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
mole|skunk|IsA|sad
trumpet|banjo|HasA|strings
eggplant|garlic|HasProperty|green
crab|asparagus|IsA|black and white
rope|wheel|CapableOf|be launched/fired
squirrel|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
frog|elephant|CapableOf|jump
mole|otter|PartOf|plant
rocket|grenade|UsedFor|work
bolts|screws|CapableOf|transport liquids
arm|neck|UsedFor|holding an apple
scooter|car|UsedFor|snow
bed|door|MadeOf|wood typically
girl|nurse|HasProperty|two syllables
ant|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
pear|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
rocker|wheel|UsedFor|entertainment
blouse|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
wheel|drill|IsA|firearm
closet|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
gate|bed|IsA|religious place
typewriter|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
kettle|oven|CapableOf|be plugged in
magazine|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
floor|ceiling|CapableOf|be shattered 
raft|tractor|UsedFor|eating
faucet|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
tuba|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
dishwasher|fridge|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
jeans|skirt|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
eggplant|corn|HasProperty|green (most part)
sheep|camel|UsedFor|food products
lemon|beans|HasProperty|green
hair|skin|AtLocation|inside
thigh|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
finger|hand|AtLocation|upper body
frog|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
squid|crab|IsA|black and white
clock|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
radio|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
cousin|aunt|IsA|direct relation
fridge|kettle|CapableOf|change temperature of things
eagle|kite|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
boat|yacht|HasA|engine
coat|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
supper|salad|HasProperty|a single item
father|cousin|IsA|family member
drill|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
toilet|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
wall|curtains|CapableOf|be used to sleep
brow|neck|UsedFor|eating
catfish|lobster|IsA|water animal
horse|sheep|UsedFor|food products
deer|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
rifle|cannon|UsedFor|harm
wall|sofa|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
aunt|daughter|HasProperty|exclusively female
piano|guitar|IsA|brass instrument
arm|toe|IsA|organ
tray|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
boat|raft|CapableOf|be used on snow
hand|shoulder|AtLocation|upper body
corn|onions|HasProperty|a green food
tape|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
rabbit|frog|AtLocation|pet store
closet|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
mole|squirrel|MadeOf|green
liquor|beer|HasProperty|alcoholic
boy|princess|IsA|profession
cow|mouse|PartOf|jumping
oven|kettle|CapableOf|be plugged in
mole|rabbit|CapableOf|climb on tree
curtains|cupboard|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
elk|bison|CapableOf|carry a adult human
razor|scissors|CapableOf|be used for hair
thigh|shoulder|UsedFor|a fight
bolts|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
skunk|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
snail|elephant|IsA|reptile
dress|gown|HasA|two seperate pant legs
butterfly|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
jeep|yacht|AtLocation|in there
oven|kettle|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
bathroom|window|AtLocation|above your head
fan|clamp|MadeOf|steel mainly
tuna|catfish|IsA|mollusk
lemon|orange|IsA|citrus fruit
walls|tower|PartOf|body
tent|hut|HasProperty|for the rich
cranberry|orange|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
raccoon|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
scooter|truck|UsedFor|eating
fan|rock|IsA|related to music 
mink|skunk|AtLocation|underground
horse|pony|UsedFor|a mode of transport
hare|rabbit|UsedFor|swimming
pony|tiger|HasA| mane (hair on it)
bed|bedroom|CapableOf|open/close
coconut|olive|CapableOf|spices
worm|beetle|IsA|bug
pen|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
crayon|screwdriver|IsA|cuting
pony|deer|UsedFor|a source of milk
liquor|wine|IsA|diary food
skirt|blouse|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
fan|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
nurse|woman|IsA|head
scooter|wheel|IsA|powered vehicle
tap|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
goat|sheep|UsedFor|food products
squirrel|cat|IsA|carnivore
walls|floor|PartOf|building
cello|harp|HasA|strings
faucet|clamp|PartOf|tire
stereo|magazine|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
pipe|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
lime|lemon|CapableOf|be used as a color
camel|tiger|IsA|an animal
raspberry|banana|HasA|big seed
blouse|dress|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
coat|jacket|HasProperty|worn below the waist
dishwasher|blender|CapableOf|change temperature of things
roof|arm|PartOf|room
squirrel|frog|HasA|eating
robe|jacket|HasProperty|something that is worn
wheel|plate|CapableOf|transport liquids
pliers|stick|HasA|sharp edge
screws|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
knees|foot|PartOf|the upper body
horse|camel|HasA|tail
skin|blood|HasA|bones
coyote|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cigarette|lamp|CapableOf|give off light/glow
broccoli|corn|IsA|purple vegetable
typewriter|pencil|IsA|construction tool
bungalow|tent|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
carpet|door|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
cousin|aunt|HasA|blood relationship with you
actress|woman|IsA|noun
woman|wife|HasProperty|exclusively female
jacket|dress|CapableOf|keep legs warm
orange|onions|HasProperty|green
jacket|umbrella|HasProperty|something that is worn
pliers|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
meat|potatoes|HasA|green label
fan|bolts|MadeOf|paper
rabbit|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
skunk|hare|CapableOf|hunt other animals
hare|elk|CapableOf|go underground
building|barn|IsA|permanent structure
ceiling|arm|PartOf|house
sink|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
bridge|cabin|IsA|religious place
orange|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
scissors|paintbrush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
raccoon|mole|IsA|otter
house|cottage|HasA| place for worship
doctor|actress|IsA|female
radio|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
fawn|porcupine|IsA|mammal
rope|tape|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
snail|squirrel|CapableOf|be found in the water
groundhog|beaver|HasA|horn
grapefruit|strawberry|HasA|edible skin
pipe|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
lamp|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
tent|inn|IsA|religious place
lobster|eel|AtLocation|on a farm
tractor|jeep|AtLocation|in there
sheep|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
beetle|frog|PartOf|water
groundhog|skunk|CapableOf|climb trees
peach|plum|HasA|edible skin
trout|catfish|IsA|fish
blouse|coat|IsA|accessory
body|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
orange|banana|HasA|usually inedible skin
piano|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
camel|gorilla|IsA|has horns
blouse|pants|IsA|home appliance
crayon|pencil|MadeOf|only metal
crayon|scissors|HasA|keyboard
chocolate|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
screws|wheel|CapableOf|be launched/fired
inn|cathedral|HasA| place for worship
sheep|cat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
paintbrush|scissors|UsedFor|crafts
tank|skateboard|UsedFor|land suitable one
grenade|gun|UsedFor|firing artillery
canoe|sailboat|CapableOf|carry multiple people
faucet|mixer|MadeOf|metal
eye|blood|AtLocation|on your head
cottage|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
bowl|saucer|CapableOf|be found on water
nail|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
turtle|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
wife|girlfriend|HasA|blood relation with you
rope|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
truck|tank|HasA|wheels
pelican|pigeon|HasA|wings
sheep|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
rabbit|sheep|UsedFor|riding
horse|rabbit|IsA|typical pet
tiger|zebra|IsA|type of cat
dove|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
scissors|paintbrush|UsedFor|crafts
floor|walls|AtLocation|above your head
sailboat|raft|MadeOf|metal
stork|seagull|HasA|large wing span
turtle|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
lemon|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
eel|shrimp|IsA|water animal
typewriter|knife|CapableOf|to paint
blouse|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
tap|tape|MadeOf|metal/steel
flea|beetle|CapableOf|flying
blouse|jacket|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
oven|fridge|UsedFor|entertainment
violin|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
forearm|neck|HasProperty|lower body
piano|trombone|MadeOf|strings
skin|nail|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
magazine|tape|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
spatula|comb|MadeOf|writing
bar|floor|IsA|body part
boots|dress|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
aunt|girl|HasProperty|two syllables
crayon|brush|UsedFor|driving screws
dog|sheep|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
scarf|dress|IsA|item of clothing
woman|mother|UsedFor|food
clamp|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
flea|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
bison|tiger|HasProperty|fluffy
caribou|bison|HasA|horn
pelican|eagle|HasA|wings
dog|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
hut|bungalow|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
giraffe|cheetah|HasA|horn
jeep|car|UsedFor|land suitable one
walls|window|HasProperty|typically vertical
inn|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
lantern|mirror|CapableOf|be set alight with match
crayon|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
pen|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
moth|wasp|HasA|wings
tiger|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
mouse|elephant|HasA|eating
candle|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
raspberry|cherry|PartOf|a red the color of
knee|ankle|HasProperty|below the waist 
dog|camel|HasProperty|fluffy
foot|ankle|AtLocation|below the knee
bottle|tray|MadeOf|ceramic materials
beans|avocado|IsA|green vegetable 
rattlesnake|turtle|IsA|colorful 
cockroach|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
bison|cougar|IsA|violent creature
cabin|house|IsA|relatively small
butterfly|cat|HasA|walking
faucet|wheel|HasA|a type of metal
trumpet|trombone|HasA|tube
raccoon|hare|CapableOf|hunt other animals
cousin|uncle|IsA|male
pear|plum|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
glass|paper|IsA|bottle
tower|walls|MadeOf|wood
skirt|shield|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
rabbit|hare|CapableOf|eat palm nuts
cougar|cheetah|IsA|like a cat
skirt|robe|IsA|logo
hose|tap|CapableOf|work without electricity
roof|floor|IsA|part of a building
finger|hand|PartOf|room
cabin|cottage|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
wheel|bolts|IsA|vessel
snail|caterpillar|IsA|slow mover
skunk|mole|CapableOf|live in water
donkey|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
man|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
rabbit|horse|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
bed|broom|IsA|man made thing
car|yacht|AtLocation|in there
socks|boots|UsedFor|feet
pot|saucer|MadeOf|ceramic materials
wife|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
tuna|crab|AtLocation|at sea
pony|frog|IsA|teeth
tuba|saxophone|IsA|brass instrument
donkey|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
dog|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
actress|woman|IsA|family member
beer|soup|HasProperty|a liquid
plate|barrel|MadeOf|metal/steel
prune|garlic|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
plum|cherry|HasA|edible skin
raccoon|fawn|IsA|herbivore
trousers|pants|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
frog|cat|IsA|something a farmer would own
ankle|foot|AtLocation|below the knee
rock|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
door|tray|UsedFor|heating items up
pear|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
raccoon|skunk|HasA|long ear
ceiling|window|AtLocation|at ground level
screws|rope|IsA|firearm
lime|coconut|CapableOf|spices
pepper|olive|IsA|fruit
tray|bed|CapableOf|be plumbed in
brother|daughter|IsA|direct relation with you
skateboard|bike|AtLocation|in water
apartment|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
radio|magazine|CapableOf|be use for transportation
magazine|tap|MadeOf|metal/steel
hose|bolts|AtLocation|kitchen
cabin|bedroom|IsA|red home
fan|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
lime|orange|CapableOf|spices
cherry|pear|HasA|big seed
pine|broom|IsA|weapon
cat|dog|IsA|carnivore
stick|pliers|UsedFor|hair
skin|bone|AtLocation|on your head
bolts|hose|CapableOf|used in war
elbow|wrist|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
door|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
mackerel|eel|IsA|one syllable word
avocado|cherry|HasA|skin you eat
faucet|hose|IsA|electronic device
boy|girlfriend|IsA|car
skunk|beaver|IsA|mammal
radio|clamp|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
shoulder|wrist|PartOf|the lower body
hare|skunk|IsA|predator
fingers|hand|IsA|part of a building
roof|bathroom|PartOf|human body
goat|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
skin|body|AtLocation|inside
olive|celery|IsA|fruit
pen|razor|HasProperty|cutting
hand|roof|PartOf|house
camel|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
finger|leg|PartOf|building
rope|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
tap|bolts|IsA|digital device
mixer|stereo|IsA|related to music 
rope|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
cottage|hut|AtLocation|at your home
camel|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
gate|cottage|IsA|religious place
moth|caterpillar|IsA|insect
faucet|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
hare|raccoon|HasA|long tail
clamp|faucet|UsedFor|entertainment
cat|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
ceiling|window|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
jacket|shirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
elephant|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
mink|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
frog|worm|AtLocation|nature
camel|rabbit|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
supper|soup|HasProperty|meaty
house|apartment|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
candle|chandelier|IsA|home appliance
falcon|vulture|UsedFor|a national symbol
boots|trousers|CapableOf|keep legs warm
bike|truck|UsedFor|land suitable one
sheep|camel|HasProperty|fluffy
cow|donkey|IsA|carnivore 
trombone|saxophone|IsA|wind instrument
trombone|cello|UsedFor|sound
wasp|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
bar|tower|PartOf|room
skirt|coat|HasA|two seperate pant legs
spider|beetle|HasA|wings
cottage|bridge|HasA|own altar
ox|hyena|HasA|antler
deer|elk|HasA|antlers/horns
grapefruit|pear|IsA|more than one fruit
freezer|dishwasher|UsedFor|heating items up
hare|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
bed|spear|IsA|man made thing
toe|elbow|CapableOf|carrying objects
cat|rabbit|CapableOf|kill a human
garlic|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable 
bison|caribou|IsA|predator 
perch|eel|HasA|red shell when cooked
donkey|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
neck|finger|PartOf|face
barrel|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
rope|bolts|CapableOf|make sound
walls|room|UsedFor|working with computer
pliers|scissors|CapableOf|writing
orange|coconut|PartOf|eating
avocado|corn|UsedFor|cleaning
radio|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
actress|worker|AtLocation|in a hospital
tiger|crocodile|IsA|has horns
oven|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pants|shirt|UsedFor|transporting things
saxophone|cello|HasA|keys
caribou|cougar|MadeOf|a living thing
rock|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
radio|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
cranberry|strawberry|IsA|fruit
mother|nurse|IsA|male
nail|body|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
screwdriver|typewriter|UsedFor|crafts
scissors|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
clamp|bolts|PartOf|tire
flute|piano|IsA|wind instrument
tap|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
coyote|elk|HasA|hair/fur
elk|gorilla|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
tank|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
bison|elephant|IsA|specific type of deer
donkey|horse|CapableOf|be domesticated
car|scooter|AtLocation|in there
foot|knees|PartOf|the upper body
boots|jeans|IsA|piece of clothing
cousin|actress|HasA|multiple people pictured
lantern|lamp|CapableOf|give off light/glow
crab|perch|AtLocation|on a farm
guitar|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
arm|leg|IsA|part of a building
lemon|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
girl|woman|IsA|occupation
meat|milk|CapableOf|fry
microwave|magazine|MadeOf|maybe
drill|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
bison|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
boy|wife|UsedFor|transportation
sheep|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
fingers|wrist|PartOf|upper body
elbow|wrist|PartOf|lower body
flute|clarinet|HasA|start with a t
salad|soup|UsedFor|dinner
zebra|camel|HasA|long neck
hyena|ox|IsA|violent creature
dress|skirt|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
butterfly|moth|CapableOf|fly
chisel|pliers|CapableOf|writing
cigarette|coat|IsA|home appliance
moth|spider|MadeOf|small animals
oven|stove|CapableOf|be plugged in
raccoon|elk|IsA|mammal
curtains|wall|CapableOf|be sat on
mirror|scarf|UsedFor|lighting
blouse|pants|AtLocation|on neck
cockroach|ant|IsA|insect
mink|hare|IsA|predator
cousin|son|IsA|family
cannon|tank|UsedFor|shooting
potatoes|sugar|UsedFor|dessert
tuba|clarinet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
mink|raccoon|CapableOf|climb trees
wasp|snail|HasProperty|an insect
grapefruit|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
thermometer|cigarette|CapableOf|generate light
wheelbarrow|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
yacht|scooter|CapableOf|hold more than one person
bike|boat|UsedFor|snow
saxophone|trombone|CapableOf|be blown into
cheese|garlic|CapableOf|delicious
porcupine|hare|IsA|mammal
horse|rabbit|CapableOf|be domesticated
rock|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
window|bathroom|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
arm|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
hand|wrist|AtLocation|below where a watch is
actress|girlfriend|IsA|car
forearm|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
frog|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
sauce|salad|UsedFor|desserts
cow|pony|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
meat|sugar|UsedFor|recipes 
bungalow|bed|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
cockroach|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
rifle|screws|CapableOf|be used in home
squid|trout|AtLocation|at sea
eel|trout|HasA|legs
fridge|toaster|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
garlic|corn|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
orange|pear|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
raccoon|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
prune|plum|IsA|red  or orang
broom|spear|HasProperty|alive
robe|shield|HasProperty|something that is worn
cousin|sister|PartOf|your family
bed|cupboard|UsedFor|sleep
bridge|gate|IsA|religion buildings
neck|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
tap|rope|CapableOf|work without electricity
rabbit|groundhog|HasA|horn
spider|flea|IsA|colorful 
crab|octopus|HasA|legs
squirrel|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
olive|cherry|HasA|seeds
trousers|skirt|IsA|piece of clothing
cockroach|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
harpsichord|tuba|HasA|keys
chisel|comb|CapableOf|writing
fingers|forearm|AtLocation|in your upper body
crocodile|hyena|IsA|predator 
guitar|accordion|MadeOf|strings
plum|banana|HasProperty|sweet
canoe|yacht|HasA|wheels
fridge|rock|UsedFor|keeping things cool
fan|radio|CapableOf|be use for transportation
trumpet|saxophone|HasA|keys
crayon|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
rocker|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
camel|sheep|CapableOf|bite
spatula|knife|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
fan|tape|MadeOf|metal/steel
tiger|cheetah|IsA|type of big cat
eye|leg|IsA|limb
brush|pen|MadeOf|only metal
wheel|skateboard|HasA|an engine
elephant|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
olive|coconut|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
pistol|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
radio|rope|CapableOf|provide water
flute|saxophone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
sheep|tiger|IsA|typical pet
garlic|orange|MadeOf|juice making
barrel|tank|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
toe|elbow|AtLocation|inside
pony|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
beetle|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
garlic|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
rifle|gun|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
mother|actress|IsA|profession
olive|coconut|UsedFor|testy
mink|elk|IsA|herbivore
chicken|duck|IsA|food
raccoon|rabbit|UsedFor|swimming
potatoes|sugar|IsA|colour red
coconut|orange|UsedFor|testy
avocado|banana|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
gate|inn|IsA|religious place
drill|screws|CapableOf|be used in home
horse|cow|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
fridge|colander|IsA|automatic (works itself)
garlic|coconut|CapableOf|delicious
toilet|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
paintbrush|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
tractor|truck|HasA|two rows of seats
stick|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
chisel|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
truck|wheel|UsedFor|water
boat|tractor|HasA|an engine
princess|nurse|IsA|female
floor|ceiling|PartOf|body
moth|spider|IsA|colorful 
pipe|rope|UsedFor|harm
fan|hose|IsA|mostly black in colour
closet|freezer|UsedFor|making food
barrel|pipe|AtLocation|at home
buffalo|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
caribou|elk|IsA|has horns
mouth|finger|CapableOf| taste
razor|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
hose|wheel|MadeOf|paper
fan|radio|AtLocation|kitchen
hare|mink|MadeOf|green
pencil|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
trombone|flute|MadeOf|strings
mink|beaver|IsA|mammal
meal|supper|MadeOf|meat
wall|door|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
jeans|socks|IsA|piece of clothing
tank|yacht|HasA|wheels
hose|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
cathedral|church|AtLocation|at christian belief country
bagpipe|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
rope|tap|MadeOf|metal
stick|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
belt|clamp|UsedFor|restraining things
magazine|plug|IsA|mostly black in colour
brush|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
aunt|nurse|HasProperty|a picture of a female
neck|throat|UsedFor|eating
snail|turtle|AtLocation|nature
beaver|raccoon|HasA|hair/fur
deer|camel|HasA|fur
pigeon|pelican|PartOf|wild life
gown|skirt|PartOf|lower waistline
hare|skunk|IsA|mink
lime|garlic|PartOf|eating
neck|elbow|UsedFor|walking
knee|leg|AtLocation|below waist
paintbrush|typewriter|PartOf|what is the name of 
flea|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
mixer|stereo|CapableOf|work without electricity
drill|bolts|IsA|vessel
horse|camel|HasA|4 legs
chocolate|butter|IsA|liquid
banjo|trumpet|HasA|keyboard
wife|daughter|HasProperty|female
bed|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
sister|daughter|IsA|profession
chisel|pen|CapableOf|print
cupboard|bed|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
lime|cherry|PartOf|eating
wrist|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
bottle|kettle|MadeOf|metal
mink|metal|IsA|bottle
cousin|princess|HasA|green item of clothing
deck|room|HasProperty|indoor
rabbit|goat|IsA|food
actress|woman|HasProperty|steel
strawberry|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
liver|ankle|AtLocation|on head
mole|skunk|HasA|horn
rabbit|dog|AtLocation|pet store
screwdriver|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
skunk|hare|IsA|otter
cat|dog|CapableOf|be domesticated
pen|pencil|UsedFor|writing/drawing
wheel|hose|CapableOf|use electricity
man|father|HasProperty|male
beetle|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
woman|mother|IsA|person
cat|wasp|HasA|walking
avocado|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
bar|window|HasProperty|indoor
clarinet|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
scooter|wheel|HasA|engine
daughter|princess|HasProperty|a picture of a female
otter|raccoon|HasA|long ears
duck|potato|HasProperty|furry
frog|goat|UsedFor|riding
kidney|body|IsA|limb
lips|finger|IsA|part of the body
canoe|sailboat|UsedFor|riding on water
avocado|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
leopard|buffalo|IsA|has horns
room|ceiling|PartOf|room
chandelier|clock|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
raspberry|cherry|HasA|edible skin
sheep|horse|HasA| mane (hair on it)
wheel|tap|HasA|a type of metal
socks|shoes|UsedFor|feet
kettle|oven|IsA|electrical appliance
man|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
beans|corn|HasA|seeds
blouse|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
bacon|salad|IsA|liquid
pants|thermometer|MadeOf|threads
actress|girl|HasProperty|a picture of a female
scissors|pen|UsedFor|grooming
daughter|sister|UsedFor|a married person
boy|girl|IsA|noun
knife|razor|HasA|sharp edge
knee|foot|IsA|plural
typewriter|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
pony|horse|HasA| mane (hair on it)
yacht|tank|UsedFor|eating
wrist|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
gorilla|deer|IsA|type of big cat
bison|zebra|HasA|hooves
salmon|eel|IsA|one syllable word
brush|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
broccoli|celery|UsedFor|cleaning
beetle|ant|HasA|legs, six or more
cupboard|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
pants|scarf|MadeOf|threads
squirrel|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
skis|scooter|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
aunt|daughter|IsA|female
spider|caterpillar|IsA|plant
asparagus|squid|AtLocation|on a farm
deer|pony|HasA|hooves
tuna|salmon|IsA|card facing left
lantern|candle|MadeOf|/contain glass
scissors|razor|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
wife|doctor|IsA|family member
horse|camel|IsA|carnivore 
raccoon|squirrel|HasProperty|5 letters long
pear|banana|HasA|stone inside
piano|tuba|HasA|strings
wife|sister|HasA|child
salmon|mackerel|HasA|shell
rope|tank|IsA|firearm
soup|supper|HasProperty|mainly meat
magazine|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
frog|flea|IsA|plant
porcupine|deer|IsA|mammal
spider|butterfly|IsA|slow mover
rabbit|mole|HasA|horn
lemon|garlic|UsedFor|testy
pencil|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
horse|crocodile|HasA|long neck
bolts|hose|IsA|firearm
grapefruit|prune|HasA|big seed
cousin|son|IsA|man
cockroach|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
fan|magazine|CapableOf|working
scarf|cigarette|MadeOf|glass
pencil|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
arm|leg|UsedFor|a fight
pony|horse|HasA|horn on head
door|toilet|UsedFor|making food
garlic|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
groundhog|mink|PartOf|herd
sled|raft|HasA|wheels
cannon|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
beaver|elk|CapableOf|go underground
chocolate|milk|AtLocation|in the ground
supper|bacon|HasA|vegetables
toilet|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
harp|accordion|HasA|keys
neck|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
accordion|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
banjo|trombone|MadeOf|metal
banjo|guitar|HasA|strings
grenade|plate|CapableOf|use electricity
frog|ant|IsA|plant
butterfly|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
magazine|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
buffalo|bison|IsA|type of cat
blouse|pants|IsA|item of clothing
ceiling|bathroom|IsA|body part
wheel|screws|CapableOf|be launched/fired
clock|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
sofa|carpet|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
fawn|raccoon|IsA|mammal
radio|fan|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
banjo|harpsichord|HasA|keys
sugar|butter|UsedFor|dessert
kettle|blender|UsedFor|storing food 
hyena|camel|AtLocation|in hot climates 
salmon|mackerel|IsA|card facing left
bison|gorilla|HasA|antlers/tusks
rabbit|deer|UsedFor|a mode of transport
candle|cigarette|CapableOf|give off light/glow
bar|ceiling|PartOf|house
rocket|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
walls|floor|HasProperty|enclosed
cat|donkey|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
steak|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
radio|bolts|MadeOf|metal
cat|ant|AtLocation|nature
thigh|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
pony|bison|IsA|typical pet
cheetah|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
banana|avocado|HasProperty|sweet
razor|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
knife|chisel|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
tent|bed|AtLocation|at your home
comb|pliers|PartOf|drawing
piano|banjo|HasA|keys
toe|leg|HasA|bones
camel|elk|CapableOf|carry a adult human
alligator|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
clamp|rope|CapableOf|provide water
plate|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
horse|pony|IsA|typical pet
squirrel|rabbit|IsA|sad
soup|steak|HasProperty|two syllables
rabbit|goat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
giraffe|cart|HasA|horn
bolts|plug|CapableOf|provide water
plug|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
prune|pear|HasProperty|sweet
cow|goat|UsedFor|riding
cathedral|chapel|IsA|religion buildings
stereo|plug|IsA|electronic device
banjo|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
salmon|catfish|CapableOf|come in a tin
rope|hose|CapableOf|work without electricity
son|father|HasProperty|an older relative
bone|body|IsA|on the lower half 
spatula|comb|CapableOf|writing
cabin|house|HasA|start with a b
yacht|boat|UsedFor|farming
wrist|shoulder|HasA|less than three joints
rope|radio|MadeOf|metal
knife|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
tower|window|PartOf|body
rocker|rock|UsedFor|a vehicle
door|tray|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
rope|wheel|HasA|number on it
chandelier|cigarette|HasProperty|quite small
radio|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
elephant|buffalo|HasA|horn or antler
chicken|crab|IsA|mollusk
cod|catfish|IsA|card facing left
octopus|perch|IsA|fish
cockroach|snail|IsA|colorful 
wrist|arm|UsedFor|waving
clarinet|harmonica|IsA|wind instrument
roof|bar|PartOf|human body
airplane|helicopter|HasA|the ability to fly
uncle|prince|IsA|male
salad|soup|HasProperty|smaller than your thumb
paintbrush|typewriter|UsedFor|containing livestock
crocodile|camel|HasA|long neck
pepper|celery|IsA|fruit
daughter|girl|IsA|profession
prince|son|IsA|female
sofa|curtains|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
tape|mixer|UsedFor|can your card used home
screwdriver|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
roof|room|CapableOf|be used home
toilet|cupboard|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
goat|bison|HasA| mane (hair on it)
cockroach|beetle|IsA|bug
throat|lips|IsA|(one of five) human senses
pants|jeans|AtLocation|on lower body
mole|squirrel|IsA|mink
door|cupboard|CapableOf|be plumbed in
hare|rabbit|AtLocation|on  a tree
jacket|gown|HasProperty|worn below the waist
banjo|trombone|HasA|keyboard
elk|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
freezer|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
fridge|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cupboard|wall|CapableOf|open/close
barrel|pipe|UsedFor|harm
microwave|stove|PartOf|kitchen appliance
finger|hand|PartOf|body
harp|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
olive|orange|CapableOf|delicious
magazine|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
pencil|razor|PartOf|drawing
finger|nose|IsA|part of the body
spatula|comb|PartOf|drawing
aunt|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
plate|pipe|UsedFor|harm
pen|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
supper|bacon|UsedFor|dinner
scooter|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
father|man|IsA|male
actress|daughter|HasProperty|royalty
squirrel|spider|IsA|common pet
pen|crayon|PartOf|drawing
bathroom|tower|CapableOf|be used home
onions|tomato|HasProperty|green
hare|raccoon|AtLocation|carnivorous
typewriter|stick|CapableOf|be used for hair
pencil|crayon|PartOf|drawing
squirrel|frog|CapableOf|kill a human
cat|squirrel|CapableOf|jump
vulture|duck|HasA|wings
camel|cow|IsA|carnivore 
skirt|socks|HasA|sleeves
sauce|wine|HasProperty|a liquid
trumpet|banjo|HasA|keys
tank|canoe|UsedFor|eating
freezer|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
elephant|caribou|IsA|predator 
iguana|crocodile|HasProperty|poisonous
rock|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
squirrel|iguana|HasA|trunk
corn|onions|IsA|purple vegetable
eye|body|HasA|bones
sandwich|meal|HasA|vegetable(s)
guitar|accordion|UsedFor|sound
oven|microwave|MadeOf|maybe
fridge|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
mole|squirrel|HasA|hair/fur
lemon|lime|CapableOf|delicious
fridge|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
nurse|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
camel|pony|HasA|fur
kettle|blender|HasProperty|electrically powered
squirrel|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
cousin|wife|PartOf|your family
jacket|cloak|IsA|logo
ant|squirrel|PartOf|water
peach|strawberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
forearm|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
piano|trumpet|IsA|instrument
prune|raspberry|HasA|peel
father|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
barrel|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
hare|rabbit|IsA|mink
porcupine|hare|AtLocation|carnivorous
rabbit|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
flute|piano|HasA|keys
beans|onions|UsedFor|cleaning
stereo|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
rocket|rope|UsedFor|building
rabbit|mole|IsA|predator
radio|fan|IsA|digital device
spatula|pliers|HasA|sharp edge
knee|knees|IsA|joint
camel|cat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
tank|car|AtLocation|in there
orange|beans|HasProperty|green
butterfly|beetle|HasProperty|an insect
butterfly|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
paintbrush|stick|CapableOf|print
shirt|jacket|UsedFor|transporting things
neck|hand|PartOf|human body
bacon|steak|HasA|meat
screws|barrel|CapableOf|destroy a building
cabin|building|AtLocation|at your home
horse|giraffe|AtLocation|in africa
cherry|strawberry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
apartment|bedroom|PartOf|set of furniture
tape|bolts|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
rabbit|skunk|CapableOf|hunt other animals
elephant|ox|HasA|thick body
coat|dress|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
mole|mink|PartOf|herd
wrist|finger|IsA|plural
muscle|bone|AtLocation|on your head
muscle|kidney|HasA|bones
salmon|tuna|HasA|legs
stick|comb|IsA|construction tool
frog|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
tower|bar|HasProperty|vertical
rope|bolts|CapableOf|hold water
cousin|nurse|IsA|family member
rabbit|camel|IsA|carnivore 
drill|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
magazine|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
buzzard|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
window|roof|PartOf|building
crocodile|cow|UsedFor|riding
worker|mother|HasProperty|steel
bridge|house|IsA|permanent structure
nail|neck|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
sink|microwave|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
spoon|sink|HasProperty|using electricity
leg|ankle|HasA|nails
beetle|worm|AtLocation|nature
aunt|woman|HasProperty|male
broccoli|celery|IsA|green vegetable
mole|porcupine|IsA|mammal
pants|trousers|AtLocation|above the feet
squirrel|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
princess|daughter|AtLocation|in a castle
tuba|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
room|bar|AtLocation|above your head in general
salmon|perch|IsA|water animal
crab|tuna|AtLocation|at sea
girl|mother|HasProperty|steel
flute|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
coat|scarf|IsA|home appliance
buffalo|leopard|IsA|has horns
woman|girl|HasProperty|royalty
fingers|walls|PartOf|house
perch|salmon|IsA|card facing left
gown|dress|AtLocation|over your knees
strainer|pipe|CapableOf|destroy a building
wheelbarrow|shoes|HasA|sleeves
saxophone|trombone|HasA|3 buttons exactly
cod|perch|HasA|legs
trumpet|trombone|IsA|brass instrument
bathroom|deck|PartOf|human body
hut|tent|HasProperty|made of concrete
soup|meal|UsedFor|dinner
rifle|gun|HasA|trigger
skateboard|scooter|AtLocation|in there
cockroach|beetle|IsA|colorful 
zebra|elephant|IsA|an animal
necklace|scarf|CapableOf|give off light/glow
trumpet|guitar|HasA|strings
tuba|harpsichord|HasA|keys
barrel|rifle|UsedFor|work
razor|comb|CapableOf|print
spatula|typewriter|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
banjo|flute|MadeOf|metal
jacket|robe|HasProperty|something that can be worn
ox|bison|IsA|violent creature
building|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
rocket|hose|UsedFor|building
tuna|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
boy|actress|HasA|color
rocker|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
clamp|tap|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
jacket|boots|UsedFor|feet protection
rock|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
doctor|boy|HasProperty|male
screws|pipe|AtLocation|at home
pipe|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
cousin|aunt|HasProperty|male
bathroom|walls|PartOf|building
plum|peach|IsA|fruit
dove|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
window|bathroom|PartOf|another card 
knife|scissors|HasA|sharp edge
mixer|fan|CapableOf|directly make sound(using speakers)
magazine|rock|MadeOf|steel
pigeon|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
dishwasher|blender|CapableOf|scoop things
hut|cottage|IsA|religious place
brush|drill|PartOf|drawing
faucet|rope|AtLocation|kitchen
saxophone|flute|UsedFor|blowing
elephant|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
dishwasher|closet|UsedFor|making food
sandwich|bean|HasA|meat
girlfriend|girl|HasA|blood relation with you
daughter|cousin|IsA|title
bathroom|room|AtLocation|outside of a home
tap|rope|AtLocation|kitchen
horse|elephant|IsA|object
barrel|plate|CapableOf|use electricity
pliers|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
raspberry|banana|PartOf|group or bunch 
horse|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
bayonet|spear|IsA|weapon 
doctor|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
father|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
guitar|cello|HasA|keys
squirrel|snail|IsA|colorful 
turtle|iguana|IsA|reptile
coat|pants|IsA|item of clothing
brush|pen|AtLocation|construction site
pliers|scissors|UsedFor|writing
elephant|cow|HasA|fur
tower|bathroom|HasProperty|vertical
freezer|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
shoulder|neck|AtLocation|upper body
garlic|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
oven|rocker|MadeOf|maybe
truck|car|UsedFor|snow
apartment|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
mirror|chandelier|UsedFor|wearing
tape|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
plum|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
paper|mink|MadeOf|animals or plants
cranberry|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
whisky|liquor|HasProperty|alcoholic
bagpipe|banjo|UsedFor|sound
rope|hose|CapableOf|used in war
trousers|skirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
lips|brow|IsA|part of the body
squirrel|worm|MadeOf|small animals
rabbit|hare|HasA|horn
moth|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
snail|squirrel|HasA|walking
eagle|pigeon|HasA|wings
beetle|worm|IsA|plant
fingers|neck|HasProperty|lower body
vulture|hawk|HasA|wings
wrist|finger|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
turtle|wasp|HasA|walking
pen|stick|CapableOf|to paint
wine|salad|IsA|diary food
elephant|tiger|AtLocation|jungle
squid|crab|HasA|legs/tentacles 
caribou|elephant|IsA|has horns
rope|barrel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
rocker|magazine|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
wrist|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
rabbit|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
pony|sheep|HasA| mane (hair on it)
skis|canoe|AtLocation|in there
tap|magazine|UsedFor|a vehicle
banjo|trombone|IsA|instrument
finger|fingers|HasProperty|plural (more than one of)
lamb|chicken|IsA|fruit or vegetable
tower|bar|PartOf|house
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
deer|mink|IsA|predator
neck|shoulder|MadeOf|upper body parts
potato|chicken|MadeOf|red
tiger|zebra|CapableOf|fly
crayon|typewriter|CapableOf|writing
prune|plum|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
sandwich|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
knee|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
elbow|arm|PartOf|upper body
trumpet|flute|MadeOf|wood
microwave|rocker|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
pants|skirt|PartOf|lower waistline
bayonet|broom|UsedFor|sleeping
banana|prune|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
blender|colander|UsedFor|washing dishes
onions|beans|IsA|fruit
tower|roof|AtLocation|outside of a home
sink|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
pen|crayon|MadeOf|writing
toilet|freezer|UsedFor|making food
elbow|hand|HasProperty|something humans have two of
screwdriver|pliers|AtLocation|construction site
cat|turtle|HasA|walking
aunt|cousin|HasA|green item of clothing
sailboat|skis|AtLocation|in water
brother|cousin|HasProperty|an older relative
plate|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
skirt|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
eagle|vulture|PartOf|wild life
salad|meal|HasA|vegetable(s)
screwdriver|crayon|IsA|metal
barrel|wheel|UsedFor|building
cupboard|sofa|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
daughter|cousin|HasProperty|male
tiger|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
ceiling|bathroom|PartOf|a house
grapefruit|orange|HasA|edible skin
deer|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
skateboard|wheel|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
rope|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
raccoon|mink|HasA|long tail
chandelier|cigarette|UsedFor|camping gear
hyena|ox|MadeOf|a living thing
cabin|cottage|HasProperty|for the rich
skateboard|bike|CapableOf|carry multiple people
leopard|hyena|IsA|type of big cat
deer|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
skunk|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
ox|cougar|HasA|antler
spider|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly 
skirt|shoes|CapableOf|keep legs warm
ankle|leg|PartOf|the upper body
toe|thigh|IsA|plural
perch|catfish|IsA|fish
elbow|arm|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
screws|strainer|CapableOf|destroy a building
rock|tap|IsA|related to music 
caterpillar|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
hose|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
hose|grenade|IsA|vessel
bean|salad|HasProperty|mainly meat
father|actress|UsedFor|transportation
magazine|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rabbit|mole|HasA|long tail
butterfly|squirrel|IsA|plant
catfish|eel|IsA|water animal
wheel|scooter|HasA|circular component 
lime|olive|MadeOf|juice making
raspberry|avocado|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
cousin|girlfriend|PartOf|hospital staff
skunk|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
chisel|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
ceiling|tower|HasProperty|enclosed
giraffe|camel|HasA|tail
tap|bolts|MadeOf|paper
saxophone|clarinet|CapableOf|be blown into
milk|sauce|CapableOf|fry
giraffe|zebra|IsA|like a cat
dishwasher|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
cabin|building|IsA|permanent structure
tuna|perch|IsA|card facing left
magazine|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
son|uncle|IsA|royalty
mother|daughter|IsA|younger person
avocado|plum|HasProperty|yellow
necklace|coat|UsedFor|wearing
window|deck|AtLocation|above your head in general
salad|supper|MadeOf|meat
pear|grapefruit|HasA|big seed
sofa|cupboard|UsedFor|lighting
saxophone|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
hand|forearm|PartOf|upper body
cousin|aunt|CapableOf|be a lady
neck|arm|IsA|upper body part
hut|house|IsA|component of a home
trombone|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
guitar|harp|IsA|wind instrument
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
worm|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
tuba|harmonica|IsA|wind instrument
cannon|rocket|CapableOf|fire bullets
rabbit|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
jeans|jacket|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
lamb|chicken|MadeOf|red
porcupine|rabbit|PartOf|herd
forearm|wrist|UsedFor|holding a cup
beetle|worm|HasProperty|an insect
flea|worm|IsA|colorful 
skis|bike|UsedFor|single person transport
tower|window|UsedFor|working with computer
daughter|mother|CapableOf|become pregnant 
crab|catfish|HasA|red shell when cooked
blender|kettle|IsA|electric powered item
meal|soup|HasA|meat
body|liver|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
bolts|mixer|AtLocation|kitchen
gate|tent|HasProperty|a black and white picture
falcon|kite|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
flute|trumpet|IsA|wind instrument
frog|spider|MadeOf|small animals
faucet|tap|IsA| kitchen appliance 
pen|pencil|UsedFor|writing
goat|horse|IsA|teeth
pistol|rocket|CapableOf|be launched/fired
cannon|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
tank|grenade|HasA|finger trigger
camel|bison|AtLocation|pet store
wrist|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
bike|tank|UsedFor|eating
harpsichord|flute|HasA|keys
guitar|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
daughter|actress|HasProperty|royalty
otter|mink|IsA|animal with long ears
hose|pipe|CapableOf|use electricity
mixer|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
faucet|tap|PartOf|tire
clamp|tap|IsA|related to music 
blender|kettle|CapableOf|keep food fresh
shoulder|neck|HasA|more than one joint
scooter|bike|UsedFor|snow
roof|ceiling|PartOf|building
cat|squirrel|HasA|eating
liquor|soup|IsA|liquid
tomato|onions|IsA|food
rope|stereo|UsedFor|water
beans|celery|IsA|vegetable
raccoon|hare|CapableOf|be held 
rock|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
neck|finger|PartOf|makeup regimen
spider|beetle|HasA|legs, six or more
house|chapel|HasA| place for worship
bike|truck|AtLocation|in there
skunk|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
rock|hose|IsA|electric 
sheep|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
tape|radio|CapableOf|provide water
butterfly|ant|IsA|plant
bedroom|bungalow|MadeOf|one or more rooms
whisky|sauce|IsA|liquid
cabin|hut|HasA| 5 letters or less
screws|wheel|MadeOf|metal
pistol|plate|CapableOf|be used in home
boat|canoe|CapableOf|carry multiple people
squirrel|mole|PartOf|herd
porcupine|beaver|IsA|predator
beaver|skunk|AtLocation|carnivorous
hut|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
father|woman|IsA|car
faucet|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
rabbit|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
toe|hair|PartOf|the images displayed
bedroom|cupboard|UsedFor|lighting
pliers|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
stove|kettle|IsA|electrical appliance
neck|forearm|PartOf|upper body
piano|cello|IsA|wind instrument
lamp|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
wheel|plate|UsedFor|daily usage 
bolts|cannon|IsA|firearm
lobster|octopus|IsA|fish
crocodile|dog|UsedFor|riding
nurse|aunt|IsA|car
pot|kettle|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
pen|brush|MadeOf|only metal
drill|paintbrush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
guitar|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
mackerel|eel|HasA|red shell when cooked
mackerel|trout|AtLocation|at sea
finger|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
kettle|toaster|UsedFor|heating items up
spider|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
dress|skirt|UsedFor|feet protection
wasp|caterpillar|IsA|crustecean
butterfly|wasp|IsA|bug
forearm|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
banjo|violin|MadeOf|strings
mother|aunt|HasA|multiple people pictured
skateboard|car|UsedFor|eating
sink|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
pliers|drill|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
alligator|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
iguana|crocodile|HasA| 4 limbs
man|actress|IsA|family member
son|brother|IsA|male
buggy|tractor|HasA|two rows of seats
actress|daughter|HasA|green item of clothing
crayon|pen|HasA|keyboard
spear|bayonet|HasProperty|alive
barrel|screws|UsedFor|harm
ant|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
brush|chisel|CapableOf|print
plate|rocket|CapableOf|contain water
raccoon|mink|AtLocation|underground
woman|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
scooter|skateboard|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
bolts|wheel|UsedFor|entertainment
wheelbarrow|pants|HasA|sleeves
bison|cougar|HasA|thick body
elephant|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
bone|ankle|HasA|bones
beaver|alligator|CapableOf|live in water
razor|scissors|HasA|sharp cutting edge
accordion|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
typewriter|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
cousin|mother|IsA|sibling
blouse|dress|IsA|home appliance
princess|cousin|IsA|family member
ladle|sink|HasProperty|using electricity
pony|sheep|AtLocation|jungle
prune|cranberry|IsA|physical fruit or veg
pen|screwdriver|MadeOf|only metal
worm|turtle|IsA|plant
tuna|shrimp|AtLocation|at sea
tray|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
screws|bolts|CapableOf|hold water
raft|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
cottage|cabin|IsA|place to live permanently
trousers|jeans|AtLocation|foot
elephant|caribou|HasA|antlers or tusks
butter|whisky|IsA|alcohol
tape|magazine|IsA|electric 
carpet|sofa|PartOf|the entrance to a room
bone|blood|IsA|cancer related card
raspberry|grapefruit|HasA|big seed
steak|soup|HasProperty|two syllables
metal|tin|IsA|fragile
raccoon|rabbit|HasA|hair/fur
grenade|gun|HasA|caterpillar treads
wheel|barrel|MadeOf|metal
cannon|rope|IsA|firearm
cousin|uncle|IsA|man
comb|stick|HasA|sharp edge
wheel|tape|MadeOf|metal
girl|woman|IsA|head
brush|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
wheelbarrow|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
typewriter|chisel|UsedFor|crafts
scissors|stick|UsedFor|writing
catfish|salmon|IsA|water animal
screwdriver|typewriter|UsedFor|hair
shoulder|fingers|AtLocation|in your upper body
camel|giraffe|IsA|predator 
cow|bison|HasA| mane (hair on it)
trousers|shirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
boat|ship|UsedFor|transportation
squirrel|elephant|PartOf|jumping
room|bar|PartOf|house
rabbit|squirrel|HasProperty|5 letters long
radio|stereo|CapableOf|produce sound (directly or cabled)
porcupine|deer|CapableOf|live in water
goat|horse|CapableOf|be domesticated
beer|wine|HasProperty|alcoholic
alligator|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
lobster|chicken|IsA|fish
paintbrush|pliers|CapableOf|print
brush|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
screwdriver|razor|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
rattlesnake|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
beaver|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
brother|cousin|IsA|royalty
hair|nail|CapableOf|help you walk
hose|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
arm|elbow|PartOf|lower body
buggy|boat|AtLocation|in there
shoulder|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
skateboard|scooter|UsedFor|snow
raspberry|prune|HasA|edible skin (usually)
eel|squid|IsA|fish
peach|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
ceiling|window|PartOf|garage
rope|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
bridge|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
cod|shrimp|IsA|water animal
typewriter|screwdriver|PartOf|what is your name this
barrel|drill|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
lamp|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
squirrel|turtle|CapableOf|flying
cathedral|church|UsedFor|religious gathering
sink|door|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
soup|meal|HasA|vegetables
bean|sandwich|UsedFor|dinner
buzzard|owl|CapableOf|be a household pet
tray|spoon|MadeOf|ceramic materials
groundhog|raccoon|CapableOf|hunt other animals
deer|camel|IsA|typical pet
beetle|flea|HasA|wings
pipe|screws|UsedFor|storing wine
skis|tractor|AtLocation|in there
brow|throat|IsA|part of the body
doctor|actress|IsA|occupation
razor|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
shoes|jeans|AtLocation|upper part of body
gorilla|cheetah|HasA|horn
flute|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
girl|woman|HasProperty|exclusively female
wheel|bolts|UsedFor|restraining things
cannon|bolts|IsA|firearm
toaster|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
zebra|tiger|CapableOf|fly
cougar|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
girl|daughter|IsA|male
tiger|cougar|HasA|hooves
neck|wrist|HasA|nails
tank|yacht|UsedFor|eating
crocodile|alligator|HasA|legs
rabbit|squirrel|CapableOf|jump
coyote|rabbit|AtLocation|on tree
crayon|paintbrush|IsA|metal
trombone|saxophone|UsedFor|blowing
spider|cockroach|HasA|wings
pants|blouse|AtLocation|on neck
bag|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
grenade|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
squirrel|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
beetle|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
raccoon|squirrel|AtLocation|on  a tree
rabbit|cat|HasA|eating
butterfly|ant|IsA|bug
foot|leg|IsA|joint
liver|kidney|IsA|limb
mink|raccoon|HasA|long ears
shoes|jacket|CapableOf|cover your full body
wrist|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
gorilla|cheetah|IsA|has horns
cow|sheep|IsA|teeth
hut|tent|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
brush|drill|CapableOf|print
groundhog|skunk|HasA|hair/fur
clamp|rocker|MadeOf|paper
bungalow|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
cat|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
salmon|perch|IsA|fish
fridge|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
perch|catfish|CapableOf|come in a tin
dress|jeans|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
mouth|tongue|AtLocation|below mouth
stove|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
lantern|mirror|MadeOf|glass
barrel|pipe|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
helicopter|bowl|CapableOf|float 
lemon|tomato|HasProperty|green
cabin|hut|IsA|component of a home
alligator|elk|CapableOf|go underground
deer|raccoon|IsA|mammal
bagpipe|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
wheel|scooter|UsedFor|water
wheel|faucet|IsA|related to music 
rocket|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
scissors|razor|HasA|sharp edge
wheel|cannon|IsA|firearm
freezer|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
screwdriver|chisel|UsedFor|writing
asparagus|salmon|IsA|one syllable word
elbow|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
octopus|cod|HasA|shell
skateboard|bike|UsedFor|single person transport
girlfriend|actress|HasProperty|a picture of a female
perch|lobster|IsA|fish
sailboat|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
spider|butterfly|CapableOf|fly
screws|rope|CapableOf|be launched/fired
crayon|pencil|UsedFor|brushing
truck|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
scissors|screwdriver|CapableOf|be used for drawing
elbow|finger|PartOf|lower body
worker|father|IsA|professional
avocado|grapefruit|HasA|peel
soup|supper|UsedFor|dinner
rifle|gun|IsA|firearm
woman|princess|IsA|profession
dishwasher|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
beans|broccoli|IsA|purple vegetable
bacon|beer|IsA|diary food
rope|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
tractor|bike|AtLocation|in there
saucer|tray|MadeOf|metal
worm|spider|IsA|crustecean
rabbit|deer|IsA|mammal
shirt|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
wife|actress|IsA|car
dog|goat|IsA|carnivore
bathroom|room|HasProperty|an enclosed space
fingers|arm|PartOf|human body
flute|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
elk|fawn|CapableOf|be held 
moth|caterpillar|IsA|bug
faucet|plug|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
wheel|boat|AtLocation|in there
mother|wife|IsA|male
tap|magazine|IsA|digital device
sailboat|yacht|HasProperty|colored red
uncle|son|IsA|royalty
actress|daughter|IsA|sibling
cockroach|beetle|CapableOf|fly
jeans|trousers|UsedFor|warming upper body
tank|cannon|UsedFor|storage
crab|shrimp|HasA|legs/tentacles 
avocado|grapefruit|HasProperty|oval/round
lamp|chandelier|HasProperty|something to be worn
catfish|shrimp|IsA|water animal
elbow|fingers|AtLocation|upper body
tent|cottage|IsA|religious place
razor|typewriter|CapableOf|print
tractor|scooter|HasA|wheels
strainer|pipe|HasProperty|circular
tray|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
gun|grenade|HasProperty|made for violence
deer|elk|IsA|predator 
closet|cupboard|UsedFor|storage
curtains|wall|CapableOf|open/close
liver|skin|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
razor|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
rope|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
salmon|octopus|AtLocation|at sea
arm|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
piano|flute|MadeOf|strings
kidney|blood|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
crayon|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
alligator|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
neck|fingers|IsA|part of a building
rope|bolts|AtLocation|kitchen
door|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
donkey|pony|UsedFor|human transport
gate|church|UsedFor|relaxing
finger|shoulder|UsedFor|waving
freezer|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
vulture|pelican|HasA|wings
tiger|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
knee|ankle|AtLocation|on lower body
orange|lemon|PartOf|eating
avocado|plum|PartOf|a red the color of
clamp|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
bar|floor|PartOf|body
lobster|trout|IsA|mollusk
shirt|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
tray|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
typewriter|pliers|PartOf|drawing
walls|window|HasA|diagram on it
kettle|tray|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
princess|girlfriend|CapableOf|become pregnant 
plate|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
shirt|blouse|IsA|an accessory
microwave|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pineapple|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
rattlesnake|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
potatoes|soup|IsA|meat
stick|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
blouse|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
skunk|raccoon|AtLocation|on  a tree
crocodile|camel|HasA|tail
clarinet|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
lemon|coconut|HasA|eatable shell or peel
trout|salmon|IsA|card facing left
freezer|tray|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
gun|screws|IsA|vessel
nail|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
hand|finger|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
princess|girl|HasA|blood relation with you
prune|cherry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
asparagus|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
stick|razor|CapableOf|print
rattlesnake|turtle|IsA|bug
toilet|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
hare|skunk|AtLocation|carnivorous
toe|neck|PartOf|upper body
mixer|stereo|CapableOf|produce sound (directly or cabled)
mole|hare|CapableOf|climb on tree
jeep|truck|UsedFor|eating
gate|cottage|UsedFor|a place of worship
skis|truck|UsedFor|eating
elbow|finger|HasA|less than three joints
brush|stick|HasA|sharp edge
camel|donkey|UsedFor|a source of milk
dress|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
barn|cottage|IsA|component of a home
bathroom|deck|PartOf|body
onions|broccoli|UsedFor|cleaning
piano|saxophone|HasA|strings
spatula|scissors|CapableOf|print
groundhog|squirrel|HasA|hair/fur
cousin|son|IsA|title
daughter|boy|IsA|car
salmon|tuna|IsA|water animal
barrel|grenade|HasProperty|tiger
knee|leg|PartOf|the upper body
camel|sheep|HasProperty|fluffy
father|man|HasProperty|male
pencil|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
sister|daughter|PartOf|your family
girl|wife|IsA|family member
mixer|faucet|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
lamp|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
thermometer|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
tank|gun|IsA|weapon
neck|floor|PartOf|room
gun|pipe|CapableOf|be used in home
porcupine|rabbit|IsA|predator
kettle|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
trumpet|trombone|HasA|strings
leg|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
spatula|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
ankle|body|AtLocation|on the inside
bed|birch|IsA|tool
rock|wheel|MadeOf|paper
catfish|mackerel|IsA|one syllable word
cat|horse|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
cousin|mother|UsedFor|transportation
lamp|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
toe|neck|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
bed|closet|CapableOf|be plumbed in
willow|birch|IsA|tool
magazine|mixer|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
tap|rocker|IsA|digital device
mirror|tray|CapableOf|generate light
bathroom|window|HasProperty|vertical
cousin|wife|IsA|sibling
brow|mouth|IsA|part of the body
kettle|spoon|MadeOf|metal
boy|father|IsA|male
brush|typewriter|HasA|sharp edge
flute|cello|UsedFor|sound
blender|sink|CapableOf|make things cold
onions|corn|HasProperty|a green food
flute|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
duck|tomato|IsA|food
faucet|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
bike|truck|HasA|wheels
skunk|mole|HasA|long ears
brother|uncle|HasProperty|a family member
skateboard|bike|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
scooter|canoe|HasA|an engine
aunt|daughter|HasA|child
olive|cheese|UsedFor|testy
rattlesnake|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
cockroach|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
octopus|crab|HasA|legs
kite|falcon|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
screws|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
wrist|hand|UsedFor|holding an apple
sheep|pony|HasA|fur
plug|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
elk|mink|HasA|hair/fur
rock|oven|UsedFor|cooling food
trombone|clarinet|HasA|keyboard
accordion|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
dishwasher|fridge|HasProperty|big
steak|sandwich|HasA|vegetables
typewriter|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
drill|typewriter|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
catfish|tuna|AtLocation|at sea
squirrel|butterfly|HasA|walking
bison|camel|HasProperty|fluffy
dishwasher|kettle|CapableOf|keep food fresh
buggy|tractor|AtLocation|in water
ankle|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
pony|donkey|UsedFor|sport
woodpecker|starling|HasA|large wingspan
neck|mouth|PartOf|makeup regimen
mixer|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
onions|corn|IsA|fruit
raft|sailboat|AtLocation|on a mountain
rocker|radio|MadeOf|maybe
bean|sugar|IsA|liquid
worm|caterpillar|HasA|walking
blouse|cloak|IsA|logo
raccoon|mink|HasA|hair/fur
raspberry|strawberry|HasA|edible skin
butterfly|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
bowl|airplane|CapableOf|float 
flute|saxophone|PartOf|strings
camel|cart|HasA|horn
cabin|house|HasProperty|for the rich
elbow|arm|MadeOf|upper body parts
barn|cottage|MadeOf|one or more rooms
house|gate|IsA|public building (typically)
camel|crocodile|AtLocation|in africa
cougar|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
porcupine|raccoon|AtLocation|on tree
pen|paintbrush|CapableOf|get smaller as it's used
blouse|dress|UsedFor|wearing
kettle|microwave|IsA|electrical appliance
elk|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
tank|rocket|HasA|wheels
toe|bone|HasA|bones
jeans|coat|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
squirrel|raccoon|AtLocation|on  a tree
garlic|lime|IsA|vegetable
car|tractor|HasProperty|consuming fuel
butterfly|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
car|scooter|MadeOf|metal
sack|coat|UsedFor|transporting things
nurse|daughter|HasProperty|royalty
clamp|rock|IsA|electric 
mother|girlfriend|IsA|profession
shoes|boots|CapableOf|keep legs warm
bean|potatoes|IsA|liquid
prune|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
closet|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
eagle|hawk|HasA|long beak
cow|camel|HasA|fur
dress|boots|IsA|piece of clothing
raccoon|mole|IsA|sad
tape|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
otter|raccoon|HasA|long tail
worm|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
squirrel|raccoon|CapableOf|hunt other animals
shoulder|neck|HasProperty|upper body
buffalo|elk|HasA|antlers/tusks
razor|comb|HasProperty|cutting
cherry|orange|CapableOf|bitter
mother|actress|AtLocation|in a castle
bar|roof|HasProperty|vertical
dress|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
rope|clamp|HasA|number on it
spatula|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
curtains|cupboard|CapableOf|be used to sleep
wheel|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
chapel|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
jeep|tractor|CapableOf|hold more than one person
plug|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
scissors|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
sugar|butter|CapableOf|fry
bacon|sandwich|IsA|liquid
falcon|duck|PartOf|wild life
squirrel|frog|IsA|common pet
toaster|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
buffalo|elk|HasA|horn or antler
ship|boat|AtLocation|on water
harp|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
aunt|worker|IsA|car
wheel|bike|HasA|an engine
duck|kite|HasA|start with a p
daughter|aunt|PartOf|your family
comb|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
elbow|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
screwdriver|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
fridge|blender|HasProperty|using electricity
daughter|woman|UsedFor|transportation
salad|steak|HasA|vegetables
milk|sugar|AtLocation|in the ground
socks|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
orange|lime|PartOf|eating
wheel|barrel|MadeOf|metal/steel
muscle|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
oven|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bed|wall|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
prune|plum|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
lemon|pear|IsA|red  or orang
lime|avocado|HasProperty|green
pliers|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
pelican|pigeon|CapableOf|fly
camel|crocodile|IsA|object
fingers|finger|AtLocation|upper body
plate|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
hair|nail|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
microwave|blender|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
wine|soup|IsA|liquid
camel|elephant|UsedFor|eating
leg|neck|PartOf|room
man|worker|IsA|noun
raspberry|cherry|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
squirrel|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
avocado|corn|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
carpet|bed|PartOf|the entrance to a room
lantern|chandelier|IsA|nice smelling object
tape|tap|MadeOf|metal/steel
mackerel|eel|IsA|fish
brush|razor|MadeOf|writing
scarf|necklace|UsedFor|a light source
razor|brush|CapableOf|print
inn|cottage|UsedFor|sleeping in
camel|donkey|UsedFor|a mode of transport
scissors|paintbrush|IsA|cuting
spatula|knife|HasProperty|cutting
pigeon|duck|HasA|start with a p
hut|chapel|HasProperty|a black and white picture
boots|pants|HasA|sleeves
bed|building|IsA|religious place
harmonica|piano|MadeOf|strings
aunt|princess|IsA|profession
screws|hose|HasA|number on it
skin|blood|AtLocation|below your waist
turtle|crocodile|IsA|reptile
tower|walls|IsA|part of a building
catfish|trout|HasA|red shell when cooked
man|nurse|IsA|family member
perch|crab|IsA|fish
screwdriver|comb|HasA|sharp edge
skirt|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
worm|ant|HasA|walking
trout|crab|IsA|water animal
mixer|plug|HasA|a type of metal
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|transport liquids
shirt|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
turtle|cat|HasProperty|four-legged
cabin|cottage|HasProperty|made of concrete
buggy|tractor|UsedFor|traveling over rough terrain
mackerel|cod|HasA|legs/tentacles 
nurse|worker|CapableOf|bear a child
mink|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bed|sofa|CapableOf|open/close
cougar|buffalo|IsA|type of cat
barrel|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
porcupine|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
brush|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
groundhog|porcupine|CapableOf|climb trees
daughter|aunt|IsA|car
balloon|saucer|IsA| mode of transportation 
garlic|cherry|HasProperty|green
cigarette|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
ankle|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
chandelier|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
rabbit|raccoon|HasProperty|4 letters long
pony|tiger|HasProperty|fluffy
goat|pony|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
toaster|microwave|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
wife|girl|IsA|female (strictly)
starling|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
cottage|building|IsA|religious place
shrimp|cod|AtLocation|at sea
microwave|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
eel|tuna|HasA|legs
hose|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
door|cupboard|MadeOf|wood typically
yacht|wheel|MadeOf|metal
hyena|leopard|IsA|type of cat
plug|clamp|CapableOf|be turned on
lamp|mirror|HasProperty|something to be worn
skin|muscle|AtLocation|on your head
muscle|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
rope|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
coyote|skunk|IsA|mammal
crab|shrimp|IsA|fish
dog|frog|UsedFor|riding
vulture|falcon|IsA|dangerous bird
wheel|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
camel|zebra|HasA|long neck
carpet|sofa|CapableOf|be sat on
boots|shoes|CapableOf|be tied
pipe|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
skateboard|skis|IsA|powered vehicle
king|uncle|IsA|man
pipe|drill|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
fan|hose|CapableOf|make sound
inn|hut|AtLocation|at your home
clarinet|saxophone|HasA|strings
rifle|tank|CapableOf|be used one-handed
grapefruit|avocado|HasA|(usually) edible skin
crocodile|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
faucet|bolts|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
shirt|sack|IsA|worn on the lower body
flute|trombone|IsA|instrument
ant|snail|IsA|bug
rope|cannon|CapableOf|transport liquids
fingers|roof|PartOf|room
leg|thigh|IsA|plural
wheel|rope|UsedFor|daily usage 
forearm|elbow|UsedFor|holding an apple
actress|sister|AtLocation|in a castle
frog|cat|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
faucet|fan|CapableOf|be turned on
milk|potatoes|UsedFor|recipes 
kite|eagle|HasProperty|domesticated
shirt|coat|AtLocation|on your upper torso
hawk|owl|HasA|large wingspan
crayon|brush|IsA|cuting
dishwasher|fridge|HasProperty|consuming electricity
cat|dog|HasA|paws
dress|gown|AtLocation|above the feet
garlic|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
eggplant|onions|UsedFor|cleaning
raspberry|plum|HasA|edible skin (usually)
peach|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
kettle|dishwasher|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
eel|salmon|IsA|mollusk
cigarette|lantern|UsedFor|lighting
deer|groundhog|HasA|hair/fur
rifle|gun|HasA|caterpillar treads
window|bathroom|HasProperty|vertical
cod|perch|IsA|fish
coyote|porcupine|PartOf|herd
nail|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
peach|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
bed|bedroom|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
hand|finger|PartOf|lower body
magazine|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
freezer|door|UsedFor|making food
lamb|duck|CapableOf|eating
coyote|raccoon|HasA|long ear
daughter|son|IsA|direct relation with you
tank|grenade|CapableOf|used in war
aunt|cousin|PartOf|your family
rock|stereo|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
porcupine|rattlesnake|HasA|long ear
mole|hare|HasProperty|4 letters long
bathroom|ceiling|PartOf|room
bucket|pot|MadeOf|metal
jacket|jeans|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
neck|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
buzzard|owl|HasProperty|a predator
fridge|microwave|CapableOf|working
tap|tape|CapableOf|make sound
tower|bathroom|IsA|body part
paintbrush|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
gown|boots|PartOf|lower waistline
clock|necklace|CapableOf|generate light
harmonica|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
girlfriend|princess|HasProperty|exclusively female
clarinet|piano|PartOf|strings
shoes|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
garlic|tomato|HasProperty|green
pigeon|owl|CapableOf|be a household pet
pliers|scissors|CapableOf|be used for drawing
flute|saxophone|CapableOf|be blown into
zebra|salmon|HasA|red shell when cooked
skis|tractor|UsedFor|eating
squirrel|hare|CapableOf|live in water
asparagus|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
man|nurse|IsA|noun
boat|yacht|UsedFor|eating
neck|window|PartOf|house
asparagus|perch|HasA|legs
groundhog|beaver|IsA|mammal
stick|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
jeans|boots|UsedFor|feet protection
eggplant|celery|UsedFor|cleaning
corn|celery|UsedFor|meat replacement
lime|orange|HasA|eatable shell or peel
toe|elbow|IsA|limb
wife|girl|HasProperty|exclusively female
father|cousin|CapableOf|be a lady
squirrel|iguana|HasA|legs
turtle|moth|HasA|walking
rabbit|frog|CapableOf|kill a human
snail|worm|HasProperty|an insect
alligator|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
paintbrush|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
skateboard|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
groundhog|squirrel|AtLocation|on tree
stereo|faucet|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
harmonica|accordion|HasA|strings
raspberry|cherry|IsA|long fruit
buggy|jeep|UsedFor|eating
leg|neck|CapableOf|carrying objects
onions|lemon|HasProperty|green
woman|wife|HasProperty|male
ankle|toe|AtLocation|on head
alligator|squirrel|HasA|trunk
hut|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
man|girl|IsA|profession
plate|barrel|CapableOf|hold water
boy|worker|HasA|friends on it
stick|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
mixer|bolts|MadeOf|paper
blender|kettle|HasProperty|consuming electricity
woman|man|IsA|occupation
harmonica|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
peach|orange|HasA|edible skin
shoulder|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
son|uncle|IsA|female
giraffe|zebra|HasA|spots or stripes
porcupine|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
cello|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
truck|jeep|MadeOf|metal
truck|buggy|HasA|an engine
magazine|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
meal|supper|HasA|vegetables
girlfriend|boy|IsA|profession
fridge|stove|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
blouse|cloak|HasProperty|something that can be worn
rock|oven|MadeOf|steel
worm|flea|MadeOf|small animals
stick|scissors|CapableOf|writing
whisky|sugar|IsA|diary food
coat|dress|IsA|accessory
snail|frog|IsA|colorful 
horse|crocodile|AtLocation|in africa
dress|coat|HasProperty|worn below the waist
necklace|candle|UsedFor|lighting
elephant|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
raccoon|skunk|AtLocation|on  a tree
brush|paintbrush|IsA|cuting
cockroach|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
rock|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
willow|pine|IsA|man made thing
fan|hose|MadeOf|metal
stick|comb|AtLocation|construction site
sister|daughter|HasA|child
salad|supper|HasProperty|a single item
worker|boy|CapableOf|bear a child
blouse|dress|IsA|item of clothing
pear|prune|IsA|fruit
girl|princess|IsA|female (strictly)
ant|moth|IsA|insect
spatula|typewriter|HasA|sharp edge
beetle|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
elephant|camel|UsedFor|eating
raspberry|strawberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
coconut|cherry|HasA|seeds
worm|cockroach|IsA|plant
kidney|liver|IsA|cancer related card
magazine|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
bison|caribou|UsedFor|travel
sauce|beer|IsA|diary food
bone|elbow|IsA|limb
flute|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
rock|rope|MadeOf|metal/steel
duck|rabbit|IsA|animal
wheelbarrow|coat|UsedFor|transporting things
tiger|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
chisel|knife|PartOf|drawing
stork|starling|HasProperty|a predator
fingers|roof|PartOf|house
accordion|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
prune|banana|PartOf|a red the color of
bar|window|HasProperty|vertical
crab|salmon|IsA|water animal
elbow|hair|AtLocation|inside
guitar|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
foot|ankle|PartOf|the images displayed
sandwich|soup|IsA|diary food
woman|man|HasA|the color brown in it
squirrel|cat|AtLocation|nature
hand|elbow|AtLocation|upper body
sack|pants|HasA|sleeves
scissors|spatula|PartOf|drawing
girlfriend|daughter|HasProperty|two syllables
car|truck|UsedFor|farming
garlic|corn|UsedFor|cleaning
cottage|bungalow|MadeOf|one or more rooms
pipe|rope|CapableOf|be used in home
mink|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
camel|rabbit|IsA|carnivore 
boy|man|IsA|noun
curtains|wall|CapableOf|be used to sleep
wife|girl|IsA|car
jeep|truck|UsedFor|war
squid|octopus|IsA|mollusk
plum|cherry|IsA|fruit
hose|drill|CapableOf|be used in home
salad|soup|IsA|liquid
fan|tape|MadeOf|metal
nurse|girlfriend|HasProperty|royalty
beaver|groundhog|CapableOf|climb trees
shrimp|catfish|IsA|mollusk
scooter|skis|PartOf|bicycle
perch|salmon|HasA|shell
bolts|tap|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
hose|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
paintbrush|pen|PartOf|drawing
tank|pipe|HasProperty|part of a car
birch|pine|IsA|man made thing
sugar|chocolate|UsedFor|desserts
sheep|deer|UsedFor|riding
eel|shrimp|AtLocation|on a farm
peach|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
rifle|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
pen|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
shrimp|octopus|IsA|black and white
fingers|forearm|UsedFor|waving
bolts|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
clamp|rope|IsA|digital device
cottage|cabin|IsA|component of a home
beaver|skunk|AtLocation|underground
ankle|arm|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
girl|man|HasA|head
rope|plug|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
nose|neck|UsedFor|eating
beetle|cockroach|CapableOf|fly
squirrel|flea|AtLocation|nature
rope|hose|IsA|related to music 
foot|toe|AtLocation|below waist
knife|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
car|skateboard|UsedFor|land suitable one
girl|actress|HasProperty|a picture of a female
banner|umbrella|HasProperty|something that can be worn
flea|snail|HasProperty|an insect
bean|salad|HasA|meat
skirt|cloak|IsA|logo
plug|wheel|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
actress|worker|HasA|color
worm|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
blouse|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
trumpet|trombone|UsedFor|blowing
groundhog|beaver|HasA|hooves
girl|girlfriend|HasProperty|a picture of a female
duck|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
chocolate|sauce|AtLocation|in the ground
jeans|gown|UsedFor|covering legs
peach|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
scooter|yacht|CapableOf|hold more than one person
butter|chocolate|IsA|colour red
bolts|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
walls|room|AtLocation|above your head
aunt|daughter|IsA|profession
cousin|boy|HasProperty|female
pliers|knife|HasProperty|cutting
brother|cousin|IsA|family member
lamp|lantern|IsA|source of light
deer|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
buggy|tractor|MadeOf|metal
camel|gorilla|HasA|horn
grenade|rocket|HasA|finger trigger
worker|cousin|IsA|car
sauce|sugar|UsedFor|desserts
barrel|drill|IsA|firearm
raccoon|squirrel|CapableOf|be held 
boy|mother|IsA|noun
coyote|mole|CapableOf|hunt other animals
pliers|brush|PartOf|drawing
magazine|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
father|aunt|IsA|profession
dress|pants|IsA|accessory
saucer|pot|MadeOf|ceramic materials
salad|potatoes|AtLocation|in the ground
socks|shoes|IsA|piece of clothing
shrimp|crab|IsA|mollusk
asparagus|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
pipe|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
clamp|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
rabbit|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
cabin|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
shoulder|finger|AtLocation|upper body
actress|doctor|IsA|male
kite|hawk|CapableOf|fly
rabbit|tiger|HasA|fur
pants|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
zebra|horse|HasA|horn
beaver|rabbit|HasA|horn
worker|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
church|chapel|HasA| place for worship
room|bar|IsA|body part
pistol|gun|HasA|trigger
peach|pear|IsA|fruit
foot|knees|AtLocation|below the waist 
spoon|kettle|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
pen|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for hair
raspberry|orange|HasA|edible skin
falcon|hawk|UsedFor|a national symbol
rattlesnake|butterfly|HasA|walking
woman|wife|HasProperty|a picture of a female
window|walls|PartOf|another card 
cheetah|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
strainer|tank|MadeOf|metal
gun|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
bar|roof|PartOf|room
cannon|rocket|HasA|finger trigger
ladle|sink|IsA|appliance
elephant|iguana|CapableOf|be found in the water
sandwich|bean|HasProperty|meaty
room|bar|PartOf|building
ceiling|deck|HasProperty|vertical
woman|girl|HasProperty|female
shoulder|elbow|CapableOf|carrying objects
brush|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
cod|perch|CapableOf|come in a tin
wheel|plug|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
salad|butter|IsA|meat
cockroach|butterfly|HasA|walking
microwave|rock|UsedFor|food
donkey|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
wheel|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
aunt|daughter|IsA|male
hare|otter|MadeOf|green
plug|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rifle|tank|UsedFor|work
yacht|bike|CapableOf|hold more than one person
cousin|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
caterpillar|snail|IsA|slow mover
cousin|princess|IsA|profession
tray|dishwasher|UsedFor|heating items up
brush|crayon|PartOf|drawing
stork|kite|CapableOf|be a household pet
finger|neck|HasProperty|used for tasting
squirrel|mink|HasA|long tail
brush|razor|PartOf|drawing
alligator|rattlesnake|CapableOf|hunt other animals
finger|fingers|HasProperty|part of a pair
brush|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
snail|beetle|HasA|wings
mirror|chandelier|CapableOf|move
coyote|porcupine|IsA|mammal
horse|pony|IsA|something a farmer would own
aunt|wife|HasProperty|exclusively female
raccoon|rabbit|AtLocation|carnivorous
harmonica|saxophone|HasA|keys
plate|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
comb|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
trout|octopus|HasA|shell
rocket|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
woman|daughter|IsA|car
salad|bean|IsA|diary food
lips|nose|PartOf|face
hand|neck|PartOf|building
pen|pencil|CapableOf|be used for hair
lime|garlic|CapableOf|bitter
hair|leg|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
wheel|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
blood|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
arm|nail|AtLocation|inside
pelican|vulture|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
saucer|bowl|CapableOf|be found on water
tape|bolts|UsedFor|entertainment
raft|boat|HasA|wheels
cousin|nurse|HasProperty|male
nose|finger|CapableOf| taste
onions|cucumber|IsA|fruit
bolts|magazine|IsA|electric 
screwdriver|scissors|UsedFor|writing
pony|rabbit|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
screwdriver|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
harpsichord|accordion|HasA|reed to make it work
bolts|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
shoulder|elbow|MadeOf|a whole body part
lobster|asparagus|IsA|fish
gun|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
knife|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
lemon|pear|IsA|fruit
banjo|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
worker|nurse|IsA|car
rocker|tape|MadeOf|paper
window|tower|UsedFor|decoration
rocker|tape|IsA|electric 
tuna|mackerel|IsA|name begging with c
elephant|camel|IsA|teeth
car|buggy|AtLocation|in there
beans|orange|HasProperty|green
zebra|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
skin|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
inn|house|HasA| place for worship
wheelbarrow|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
cottage|apartment|HasProperty|a black and white picture
arm|neck|PartOf|lower body
bed|cabin|IsA|religious place
floor|walls|PartOf|building
raspberry|banana|HasA|single hard pit
spatula|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
nail|arm|AtLocation|on head
tap|faucet|UsedFor|water
tiger|zebra|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
cousin|aunt|IsA|immediate relation with you
roof|bathroom|IsA|part of a building
bean|beer|IsA|diary food
toe|neck|IsA|joint
horse|pony|HasA|fur
raccoon|coyote|IsA|mammal
radio|bolts|IsA|digital device
sailboat|yacht|HasA|wheels
bungalow|cottage|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
banana|prune|UsedFor|smoothies
woman|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
cranberry|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
tiger|horse|HasProperty|fluffy
stereo|rope|HasA|a type of metal
lantern|mirror|IsA|home appliance
mink|raccoon|CapableOf|hunt other animals
screwdriver|brush|IsA|metal
cherry|cheese|CapableOf|spices
olive|avocado|IsA|fruit
aunt|princess|HasA|green item of clothing
pistol|rocket|IsA|vessel
lamp|lantern|AtLocation|on neck
cannon|rocket|UsedFor|work
giraffe|horse|HasA|horn
jacket|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
radio|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
finger|fingers|PartOf|human body
cow|elephant|CapableOf|kill a human
walls|floor|AtLocation|in your apartment
sack|dress|HasA|sleeves
salmon|eel|HasA|legs
clamp|plug|CapableOf|be turned on
turtle|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
kidney|muscle|HasProperty|liquid
stereo|tap|CapableOf|be turned on
body|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
girlfriend|doctor|IsA|male
thigh|toe|IsA|joint
candle|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
cherry|lemon|HasProperty|green
cheese|lemon|CapableOf|spices
steak|salad|IsA|liquid
scarf|skirt|MadeOf|threads
raspberry|pineapple|IsA|fruit
wrist|forearm|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
stereo|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
house|bridge|HasA|own altar
skin|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
pencil|screwdriver|PartOf|what is your name this
worker|nurse|HasProperty|a picture of a female
rocker|magazine|UsedFor|food
salmon|perch|HasA|legs/tentacles 
bedroom|door|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
truck|skateboard|HasA|wheels
door|curtains|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
comb|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
hose|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
doctor|aunt|IsA|car
pants|necklace|MadeOf|threads
trombone|saxophone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
oven|microwave|PartOf|kitchen appliance
soup|meal|MadeOf|meat
rope|plug|MadeOf|paper
butterfly|ant|IsA|slow mover
robe|blouse|HasProperty|something that is worn
scooter|bike|UsedFor|eating
giraffe|tiger|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
blender|kettle|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
dress|jeans|AtLocation|foot
strawberry|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
mink|squirrel|HasA|horn
mole|coyote|HasA|hooves
tray|screws|AtLocation|at home
necklace|chandelier|UsedFor|wearing
supper|bean|HasProperty|smaller than your thumb
frog|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
pony|elephant|HasA|fur
tray|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
mink|otter|CapableOf|running fast
accordion|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
pants|trousers|PartOf|pair
arm|fingers|PartOf|the upper body
leg|arm|HasA|foot attached 
knee|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
skateboard|boat|UsedFor|single person transport
rattlesnake|worm|IsA|colorful 
camel|zebra|IsA|type of cat
spoon|ladle|UsedFor|washings things in
strawberry|pear|HasA|usually inedible skin
trousers|boots|AtLocation|upper part of body
frog|elephant|PartOf|jumping
knee|foot|HasProperty|lower body
pen|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
pliers|knife|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
skateboard|canoe|UsedFor|eating
faucet|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
ankle|leg|HasProperty|upper body
fan|wheel|HasProperty|round shaped
rope|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
squid|chicken|IsA|fish
buggy|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
octopus|lobster|IsA|water animal
room|window|UsedFor|working with computer
wife|nurse|HasProperty|male
pencil|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing
rocket|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
hand|finger|HasA|thumb
foot|leg|HasA|nail
fingers|hand|MadeOf|upper body parts
chocolate|butter|UsedFor|recipes 
rock|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
lemon|lime|MadeOf|juice making
kite|seagull|CapableOf|be a household pet
wheel|rock|IsA|related to music 
screws|pipe|HasA|round shape
elephant|camel|UsedFor|human transport
skateboard|skis|HasProperty|consuming fuel
canoe|skis|MadeOf|metal
cannon|gun|HasProperty|tiger
elephant|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
asparagus|zebra|IsA|water animal
hose|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
banana|grapefruit|HasA|peel
buggy|yacht|AtLocation|in water
robe|blouse|UsedFor|protection
snail|ant|HasA|wings
stereo|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
skunk|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
liver|kidney|IsA|organ
magazine|mixer|UsedFor|entertainment
cow|goat|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
wheel|buggy|MadeOf|metal
tape|wheel|MadeOf|paper
pipe|plate|UsedFor|building
hawk|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
girl|cousin|IsA|family member
pony|dog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tray|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
bed|door|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
pigeon|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
barrel|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
flea|beetle|HasA|walking
pencil|scissors|IsA|construction tool
eel|octopus|IsA|fish
wife|worker|IsA|car
clamp|tap|MadeOf|metal
princess|aunt|HasA|child
king|cousin|IsA|direct relation
asparagus|squid|IsA|black and white
squirrel|deer|HasProperty|living in water
floor|ceiling|CapableOf|be opened/closed
raccoon|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
harmonica|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
broccoli|celery|IsA|purple vegetable
tomato|orange|HasProperty|green
airplane|helicopter|CapableOf|transport ships
onions|garlic|HasProperty|needs peeling
toe|shoulder|UsedFor|a fight
mink|deer|IsA|mammal
aunt|father|HasA|blood relationship with you
elephant|bison|AtLocation|pet store
asparagus|crab|IsA|black and white
tongue|mouth|HasProperty|used affected during make up
raccoon|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
cannon|rifle|CapableOf|be held in hands
banana|avocado|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
salad|sauce|MadeOf|several ingredients
house|hut|HasProperty|for the rich
zebra|buffalo|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
cow|pony|IsA|teeth
flea|worm|AtLocation|nature
piano|harmonica|HasA|keys
neck|elbow|AtLocation|upper body
rope|hose|UsedFor|daily usage 
paintbrush|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
harpsichord|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
fawn|mink|HasA|hair/fur
crocodile|deer|IsA|teeth
banana|cherry|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
milk|meat|UsedFor|desserts
skirt|shirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
mink|coyote|IsA|mammal
apartment|cottage|HasProperty|for the rich
bathroom|deck|IsA|part of a building
bed|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
spatula|typewriter|UsedFor|drawing or painting
rabbit|pony|AtLocation|pet store
mole|rabbit|IsA|mammal
jacket|skirt|UsedFor|feet protection
groundhog|mink|HasA|long ears
cabin|barn|PartOf|set of furniture
princess|aunt|HasProperty|male
bison|hyena|HasA|thick body
razor|pen|CapableOf|to paint
jet|ship|IsA| mode of transportation 
fan|rock|CapableOf|working
paintbrush|typewriter|HasA|graphite center
clamp|hose|CapableOf|make sound
turtle|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
harpsichord|cello|IsA|wind instrument
rabbit|beaver|HasA|horn
skateboard|wheel|HasA|engine
tuna|squid|HasA|shell
hose|pistol|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
pigeon|hawk|CapableOf|fly
gown|blouse|UsedFor|transporting things
harp|piano|HasA|keys
frog|cow|AtLocation|jungle
owl|sparrow|CapableOf|be a household pet
tuna|cod|IsA|mollusk
elbow|neck|CapableOf|carrying objects
cranberry|banana|HasA|single hard pit
moth|beetle|IsA|plant
barrel|rocket|UsedFor|building
cottage|church|HasProperty|a black and white picture
thigh|toe|IsA|plural
raspberry|banana|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
rattlesnake|frog|AtLocation|nature
coconut|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
shirt|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
man|boy|HasA|color
oven|radio|MadeOf|maybe
elbow|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
bed|gate|AtLocation|at your home
wheel|bolts|HasA|a type of metal
leg|hand|IsA|part of a building
piano|banjo|HasA|strings
hut|church|IsA|component of a home
mother|cousin|IsA|younger person
tray|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
arm|wrist|AtLocation|below where a watch is
tape|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
elk|fawn|AtLocation|carnivorous
pipe|hose|UsedFor|shooting
scissors|drill|CapableOf|print
magazine|plug|CapableOf|provide water
colander|spoon|MadeOf|steel mostly
milk|sauce|MadeOf|cup
camel|elk|IsA|type of big cat
jacket|skirt|UsedFor|protection
spider|rabbit|IsA|household pet
wheel|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
kidney|blood|IsA|edible part of other animals
pants|gown|AtLocation|above the feet
skirt|pants|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
turtle|alligator|HasA|trunk
window|leg|PartOf|room
rock|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
horse|rabbit|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
son|brother|IsA|son of your grandpa
donkey|horse|UsedFor|riding
orange|pepper|HasA|seeds
wheel|screws|CapableOf|used in war
sofa|wall|PartOf|the entrance to a room
tent|church|HasProperty|a black and white picture
curtains|cupboard|UsedFor|sleep
blouse|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
aunt|wife|PartOf|your family
elk|caribou|HasA|antlers
boy|worker|IsA|professional
wrist|fingers|UsedFor|waving
bison|camel|HasA|antlers/tusks
deer|buffalo|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
bolts|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
elbow|arm|AtLocation|inside
squirrel|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
prune|pear|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
chocolate|sugar|MadeOf|cup
scissors|spatula|CapableOf|print
wheelbarrow|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
wasp|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
banana|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
plum|avocado|HasA|big seed
bathroom|deck|IsA|body part
catfish|eel|HasA|red shell when cooked
butter|wine|HasProperty|a liquid
elbow|forearm|AtLocation|in your upper body
church|cabin|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
bucket|tray|MadeOf|ceramic materials
lamp|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
ship|helicopter|IsA| mode of transportation 
crocodile|buffalo|IsA|like a cat
cat|rabbit|IsA|something a farmer would own
typewriter|knife|CapableOf|be used for drawing
skunk|raccoon|IsA|rodent
worm|cat|AtLocation|nature
ceiling|walls|HasProperty|an enclosed space
grapefruit|plum|HasProperty|yellow
asparagus|eel|IsA|mollusk
shoulder|wrist|HasProperty|something humans have two of
drill|knife|UsedFor|grooming
cloak|blouse|IsA|logo
hawk|falcon|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
squid|perch|IsA|water animal
grenade|rifle|CapableOf|used in war
hawk|eagle|HasProperty|a predator
snail|beetle|IsA|insect
butter|chocolate|IsA|liquid
hose|fan|IsA|mostly black in colour
rabbit|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
tape|plug|IsA|digital device
duck|goat|IsA|animal
clamp|drill|HasA|number on it
bungalow|barn|IsA|red home
dishwasher|fridge|IsA|electric powered item
mother|actress|IsA|occupation
avocado|prune|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
floor|neck|PartOf|room
radio|rock|CapableOf|working
faucet|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
eye|kidney|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
woman|girlfriend|IsA|female (strictly)
frog|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
magazine|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
salmon|tuna|IsA|one syllable word
nurse|mother|IsA|person
strawberry|grapefruit|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
hand|shoulder|HasProperty|something humans have two of
banner|shield|IsA|logo
rock|faucet|IsA|related to music 
plug|mixer|UsedFor|electronic uses
church|inn|HasA| place for worship
knife|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
prune|peach|IsA|fruit
alligator|crocodile|IsA|reptile
plum|cherry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
squid|octopus|HasA|legs
crocodile|sheep|IsA|teeth
rabbit|horse|IsA|something a farmer would own
donkey|camel|IsA|typical pet
piano|harpsichord|HasA|neck
seagull|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
comb|brush|CapableOf|be used for hair
drill|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
arm|elbow|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
bolts|pipe|CapableOf|use electricity
pine|willow|IsA|weapon
caterpillar|turtle|IsA|plant
clamp|faucet|MadeOf|metal
bathroom|roof|HasProperty|vertical
scooter|skateboard|HasA|wheels
foot|forearm|IsA|plural
walls|bathroom|HasA|diagram on it
bungalow|cabin|PartOf|set of furniture
cigarette|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
tank|plate|CapableOf|transport liquids
neck|arm|HasA|bones
scissors|chisel|CapableOf|writing
leg|knees|HasProperty|lower body
ladle|colander|HasProperty|using electricity
skis|jeep|AtLocation|in there
hose|plate|IsA|firearm
cannon|grenade|HasA|caterpillar treads
gown|bag|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
bolts|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
woman|mother|HasA|color
actress|nurse|IsA|male
comb|pen|IsA|construction tool
crocodile|cart|HasA|long neck
butterfly|wasp|IsA|insect
orange|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
tap|faucet|IsA|related to music 
daughter|father|IsA|car
rock|bolts|CapableOf|be turned on
radio|faucet|CapableOf|be turned on
tractor|scooter|AtLocation|in there
pencil|spatula|CapableOf|be used for hair
cherry|avocado|HasA|stone inside
guitar|cello|UsedFor|sound
mink|skunk|HasA|long ears
leg|nail|AtLocation|on your head
cart|camel|HasA|stripes
squirrel|skunk|CapableOf|be held 
pigeon|duck|IsA|dangerous bird
fan|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
radio|rocker|UsedFor|keeping things cool
rabbit|goat|HasProperty|fluffy
spatula|pen|MadeOf|writing
corn|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable 
cabin|cottage|IsA|place to live permanently
squirrel|coyote|HasA|hooves
toe|arm|IsA|organ
bolts|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
bowl|boat|HasA|the ability to fly
walls|room|AtLocation|above your head in general
pistol|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
beans|eggplant|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
moth|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
spatula|razor|CapableOf|writing
dress|jeans|HasA|sleeves
oven|kettle|PartOf|kitchen appliance
goat|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
wasp|butterfly|IsA|insect
buggy|jeep|CapableOf|hold more than one person
fan|bolts|CapableOf|make sound
tap|plug|MadeOf|metal/steel
tractor|car|UsedFor|land suitable one
jet|bowl|HasA|the ability to fly
zebra|giraffe|IsA|like a cat
coat|blouse|IsA|item of clothing
arm|shoulder|AtLocation|bottom half of body
rope|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
wife|mother|IsA|younger person
brush|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
tape|tap|UsedFor|entertainment
floor|walls|PartOf|body
worm|cat|IsA|plant
screws|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
bedroom|cabin|IsA|red home
ant|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
boots|jeans|IsA|typically female clothing item
mouse|cow|HasA|eating
cat|turtle|IsA|plant
ant|turtle|IsA|plant
horse|tiger|IsA|typical pet
pants|sack|HasA|wheel
rock|radio|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
gun|rifle|CapableOf|be launched/fired
actress|cousin|HasA|child
nurse|worker|HasProperty|steel
chisel|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
giraffe|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
raccoon|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
worker|daughter|HasProperty|a picture of a female
sparrow|woodpecker|CapableOf|be a household pet
drill|knife|CapableOf|to paint
brow|mouth|CapableOf| taste
fridge|dishwasher|UsedFor|heating items up
bedroom|door|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
neck|brow|IsA|part of the body
tiger|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
orange|lime|MadeOf|juice making
trombone|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
camel|sheep|AtLocation|jungle
trumpet|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
uncle|cousin|IsA|royalty
elbow|fingers|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
elk|hare|HasProperty|living in water
arm|nail|IsA|organ
screws|hose|UsedFor|daily usage 
leg|arm|IsA|plural
scooter|wheel|UsedFor|water
elephant|cougar|AtLocation|in hot climates 
banana|raspberry|HasA|big seed
building|bed|IsA|religious place
wife|daughter|IsA|direct or immediate relation
wood|paper|IsA|bottle
frog|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
son|prince|IsA|man
elbow|neck|AtLocation|inside
dog|donkey|CapableOf|be domesticated
cod|salmon|IsA|fish
cat|spider|HasA|walking
bean|bacon|HasA|vegetables
olive|garlic|HasProperty|green
bed|bedroom|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
rabbit|deer|CapableOf|go underground
spoon|saucer|HasA|handle
lime|lemon|IsA|vegetable
goat|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
shoulder|neck|AtLocation|below waist
pine|birch|IsA|man made thing
buffalo|camel|IsA|predator 
finger|foot|IsA|joint
thigh|knees|AtLocation|below the waist 
shoulder|forearm|PartOf|lower body
typewriter|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rattlesnake|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
orange|avocado|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
trout|catfish|AtLocation|at sea
forearm|arm|HasProperty|upper body
salmon|perch|HasA|legs
body|eye|HasA|bones
mole|coyote|CapableOf|hunt other animals
stereo|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
coat|dress|CapableOf|be worn
jeans|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
olive|avocado|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
squirrel|ant|IsA|plant
bag|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
pen|typewriter|HasA|bushy tail
mink|hare|IsA|otter
mixer|radio|CapableOf|be turned on
squirrel|coyote|HasA|horn
skin|toe|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
doctor|actress|IsA|car
sheep|dog|IsA|something a farmer would own
lemon|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
flea|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
mink|squirrel|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
chisel|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
goat|cow|AtLocation|on a farm 
garlic|avocado|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
elbow|neck|UsedFor|walking
hose|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
boy|actress|UsedFor|food
flea|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
skateboard|scooter|HasProperty|consuming fuel
clamp|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
cranberry|banana|IsA|red  or orang
finger|arm|AtLocation|in your upper body
peach|plum|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
butterfly|wasp|CapableOf|flying
trousers|skirt|UsedFor|feet
door|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
parakeet|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
girl|man|IsA|profession
tank|cannon|CapableOf|be used one-handed
wheel|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
shotgun|cannon|IsA|weapon
chocolate|potatoes|IsA|diary food
squirrel|cat|IsA|bug
cat|goat|HasA|fur
knife|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
floor|window|PartOf|a house
crocodile|camel|HasA|antlers/tusks
turtle|alligator|CapableOf|be found in the water
meal|bacon|HasA|vegetables
goat|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
radio|tap|MadeOf|paper
shirt|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
saxophone|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
shrimp|mackerel|AtLocation|at sea
brother|prince|IsA|female
leg|knee|PartOf|the upper body
elephant|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
caterpillar|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
flea|butterfly|IsA|insect
nail|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
bed|willow|IsA|man made item
boots|shoes|HasProperty|black
flea|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
horse|bison|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
rocket|barrel|HasA|finger trigger
elephant|camel|IsA|object
toe|skin|AtLocation|below the knee
girlfriend|girl|IsA|profession/title
sparrow|kite|HasProperty|a predator
wife|aunt|HasA|multiple people pictured
pigeon|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
bean|chocolate|IsA|meat
scooter|yacht|UsedFor|eating
brush|stick|CapableOf|be used for drawing
bridge|inn|IsA|public building (typically)
barrel|wheel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
rabbit|hare|IsA|mink
spider|frog|PartOf|jumping
flute|trumpet|MadeOf|wood
coconut|tomato|IsA|fruit
thermometer|clock|CapableOf|be worn
barn|bed|IsA|permanent structure
lamp|tray|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
pants|jeans|AtLocation|above the feet
elephant|camel|HasA|long neck
rock|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
paintbrush|scissors|PartOf|what is your name this
plug|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
clarinet|flute|PartOf|woodwind
salad|meat|UsedFor|desserts
rattlesnake|turtle|HasA|four feet
elbow|arm|IsA|limb
harp|cello|HasA|keys
door|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
elephant|hyena|AtLocation|in asia or africa
raccoon|squirrel|IsA|mink
steak|bean|HasA|vegetable(s)
squirrel|mole|IsA|predator
lamp|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
car|scooter|HasA|wheels
sack|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
neck|mouth|HasProperty|used affected during make up
aunt|wife|IsA|car
lemon|orange|HasA|single hard pit
man|boy|IsA|noun
cello|guitar|UsedFor|sound
cat|caterpillar|IsA|plant
orange|garlic|CapableOf|spices
alligator|porcupine|HasA|horn
snail|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
coat|jacket|AtLocation|over your knees
stereo|mixer|CapableOf|make or play music
skirt|coat|MadeOf|threads
beetle|butterfly|IsA|plant
candle|chandelier|AtLocation|on neck
boy|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
starling|dove|HasProperty|a predator
strawberry|peach|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
arm|elbow|AtLocation|bottom half of body
bar|tower|IsA|body part
liver|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
plate|tank|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
piano|bagpipe|HasA|reed to make it work
bathroom|tower|PartOf|building
hose|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
avocado|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
cucumber|celery|IsA|fruit
tower|deck|PartOf|body
house|cottage|UsedFor|sleeping in
window|roof|IsA|body part
crocodile|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
cow|camel|IsA|teeth
rope|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
elephant|iguana|HasA| 4 limbs
turtle|cat|IsA|insect
chisel|razor|PartOf|drawing
cello|clarinet|HasA|keys
cat|snail|HasA|walking
grapefruit|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
saucer|ship|HasA|the ability to fly
paintbrush|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
tomato|duck|HasProperty|furry
elk|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
camel|cow|IsA|teeth
boy|woman|IsA|person
inn|cabin|IsA|component of a home
supper|salad|UsedFor|dinner
fridge|freezer|UsedFor|storing food 
shoulder|arm|UsedFor|walking
razor|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
prune|pear|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
turtle|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
raspberry|cherry|HasA|yellow color
rope|hose|AtLocation|kitchen
rocket|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
pear|raspberry|IsA|long fruit
cabin|hut|IsA|religious place
dishwasher|fridge|HasA|electrical parts
mink|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
tiger|gorilla|IsA|type of cat
raccoon|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
tractor|jeep|CapableOf|carry multiple people
kite|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
ladle|spoon|HasA|electrical parts
gorilla|cougar|IsA|has horns
avocado|pear|IsA|member of the citrus family
rocker|radio|IsA|related to music 
alligator|squirrel|HasA|horn
blood|bone|AtLocation|in the torso
elephant|deer|HasA|antlers/tusks
lamp|lantern|UsedFor|wearing
eye|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
father|uncle|AtLocation|royal meeting room
neck|thigh|PartOf|an appendage
cod|catfish|HasA|legs/tentacles 
cigarette|tray|CapableOf|generate light
spider|wasp|HasProperty|an insect
butter|salad|IsA|meat
shirt|jacket|HasProperty|worn below the waist
dishwasher|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
thigh|toe|AtLocation|below waist
buggy|car|HasProperty|consuming fuel
paintbrush|pen|CapableOf|make holes 
squirrel|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
boat|saucer|CapableOf|fly
donkey|tiger|AtLocation|jungle
radio|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
mirror|lamp|MadeOf|metal
caribou|elk|HasA|horn
pony|bison|HasA|hooves
pear|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
sack|wheelbarrow|IsA|an accessory
leg|ankle|AtLocation|bottom half of body
coyote|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
camel|deer|IsA|type of big cat
thigh|leg|AtLocation|upper body
house|building|IsA|place to live permanently
bean|salad|UsedFor|dinner
elephant|hyena|AtLocation|in hot climates 
magazine|fan|MadeOf|maybe
sauce|meat|UsedFor|recipes 
bison|horse|IsA|typical pet
pipe|screws|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
arm|elbow|AtLocation|on head
cucumber|pepper|IsA|vegetable
raccoon|squirrel|CapableOf|hunt other animals
pigeon|falcon|AtLocation|at a beach
candle|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
flea|snail|HasA|wings
orange|lemon|IsA|fruit
garlic|onions|IsA|green vegetable
cucumber|pepper|IsA|fruit
gate|cabin|HasA|start with a b
cherry|cranberry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
elephant|crocodile|HasA| 4 limbs
airplane|helicopter|CapableOf|float 
spatula|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
elephant|ox|MadeOf|a living thing
zebra|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
forearm|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
kettle|oven|PartOf|kitchen appliance
cousin|daughter|IsA|profession
turtle|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
wife|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
camel|pony|AtLocation|jungle
blouse|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
rope|plug|MadeOf|metal/steel
neck|finger|IsA|joint
toilet|door|UsedFor|making food
bed|broom|IsA|tree
bathroom|room|PartOf|house
boy|actress|IsA|family member
trombone|clarinet|IsA|wind instrument
prune|grapefruit|IsA|fruit
stick|drill|UsedFor|writing
scissors|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
doctor|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
crocodile|tiger|HasA|big horns/tusk
hose|wheel|IsA|related to music 
sheep|cow|HasA|hooves
tank|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
kettle|blender|HasA|power supply
cello|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
potatoes|milk|UsedFor|recipes 
buggy|jeep|UsedFor|war
squirrel|raccoon|HasA|horn
coat|thermometer|MadeOf|threads
plate|wheel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
girl|aunt|IsA|profession
rocket|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
alligator|groundhog|HasA|horn
girl|worker|HasProperty|a picture of a female
pen|stick|PartOf|drawing
porcupine|skunk|IsA|mammal
jacket|dress|AtLocation|on your upper torso
magazine|mixer|UsedFor|music related entertainment
drill|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
chicken|onions|HasProperty|furry
throat|nose|IsA|part of the body
wall|bedroom|UsedFor|sleep
pear|plum|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
skirt|dress|AtLocation|above the feet
scooter|truck|UsedFor|snow
elbow|shoulder|AtLocation|in your upper body
bone|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
barrel|grenade|CapableOf|use electricity
spatula|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
elk|zebra|IsA|predator 
comb|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
trousers|jeans|AtLocation|on lower body
guitar|trombone|IsA|wind instrument
neck|forearm|HasA|nails
sink|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
magazine|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
chocolate|soup|IsA|diary food
boy|daughter|IsA|profession
room|finger|PartOf|house
room|bathroom|CapableOf|let in air
girlfriend|princess|CapableOf|become pregnant 
rocket|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
pony|horse|HasProperty|the name of a chestpiece
paintbrush|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
plate|hose|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
microwave|rock|MadeOf|steel
screws|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
tent|cabin|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
rocket|rope|UsedFor|shooting
jeans|trousers|AtLocation|foot
finger|arm|HasProperty|upper body
faucet|tape|UsedFor|entertainment
hyena|ox|UsedFor|crossing deserts
arm|neck|PartOf|human body
vulture|hawk|HasProperty|domesticated
trombone|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
bacon|meal|HasA|vegetables
coconut|orange|CapableOf|delicious
giraffe|gorilla|HasA|horn
bedroom|bed|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
lamb|tomato|CapableOf|eating
boat|helicopter|CapableOf|transport ships
church|cottage|HasA| place for worship
trombone|harmonica|HasA|strings
mole|mink|CapableOf|running fast
tiger|cat|UsedFor|riding
rocker|rope|IsA|digital device
rocket|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rocket|bolts|UsedFor|harm
rabbit|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
coat|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
window|room|PartOf|another card 
knee|knees|PartOf|the upper body
dishwasher|cupboard|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
worker|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
bag|wheelbarrow|IsA|piece of clothing
spider|beetle|IsA|colorful 
bag|jeans|HasA|sleeves
duck|chicken|IsA|meat or animal
skis|jeep|UsedFor|land suitable one
skirt|dress|IsA|typically female clothing item
elk|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
pen|paintbrush|HasA|graphite center
ant|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
tray|barrel|AtLocation|at home
sailboat|jeep|AtLocation|in there
fridge|spoon|CapableOf|hold water
kidney|neck|IsA|limb
uncle|father|HasProperty|a family member
tap|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
mouth|tongue|IsA|pink face feature
kidney|arm|AtLocation|on your head
skunk|rabbit|CapableOf|be held 
buggy|car|CapableOf|hold more than one person
bison|deer|HasA|horn
deck|roof|PartOf|building
elbow|shoulder|IsA|specific joint
elbow|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
sofa|wall|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
jeans|pants|UsedFor|feet
hare|squirrel|IsA|mammal
muscle|liver|AtLocation|inside
knife|comb|CapableOf|print
salmon|octopus|IsA|water animal
bike|scooter|MadeOf|metal
gown|dress|AtLocation|on your upper torso
scooter|truck|HasA|wheels
tiger|giraffe|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
flute|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
cigarette|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
bed|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
worm|rattlesnake|PartOf|water
wasp|butterfly|IsA|plant
daughter|father|HasProperty|a picture of a female
camel|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
tractor|jeep|AtLocation|in water
rifle|pistol|CapableOf|used in war
porcupine|mink|IsA|predator
lamp|cigarette|MadeOf|metal
neck|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
mole|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
plug|hose|HasA|a type of metal
falcon|stork|HasProperty|a predator
roof|walls|UsedFor|tiling
mink|beaver|CapableOf|climb trees
girl|mother|HasProperty|exclusively female
body|nail|PartOf|the images displayed
comb|pen|CapableOf|to paint
nurse|boy|UsedFor|food
cheetah|giraffe|HasA|horn
yacht|tractor|MadeOf|metal
pliers|pen|HasProperty|cutting
wheel|stereo|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
shoulder|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
wheel|pipe|UsedFor|building
boat|ship|AtLocation|in the air
freezer|sink|UsedFor|making food
tiger|giraffe|IsA|has horns
actress|princess|IsA|profession
groundhog|mole|HasA|long ear
doctor|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
gown|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
dog|rabbit|UsedFor|human transport
bolts|rock|MadeOf|paper
paintbrush|brush|CapableOf|print
knee|thigh|HasProperty|lower body
pigeon|starling|HasA|large wing span
nail|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
shoulder|neck|AtLocation|in your upper body
bolts|pipe|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
bag|wheelbarrow|HasA|wheel
cow|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
aunt|mother|UsedFor|transportation
raspberry|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
screwdriver|knife|UsedFor|grooming
tiger|camel|HasA|tail
lamb|onions|AtLocation|in water
finger|wrist|AtLocation|below where a watch is
tuna|crab|IsA|water animal
beaver|porcupine|HasA|long ear
shrimp|lobster|IsA|black and white
cat|camel|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pencil|paintbrush|IsA|cuting
neck|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
bar|bathroom|PartOf|house
raft|canoe|CapableOf|roll
grapefruit|peach|HasA|edible skin
bison|giraffe|HasA|hooves
cherry|raspberry|HasA|(usually) edible skin
closet|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
tray|pipe|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
pear|orange|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
prune|raspberry|IsA|more than one fruit
neck|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
beaver|porcupine|AtLocation|carnivorous
screws|drill|UsedFor|restraining things
aunt|daughter|HasProperty|royalty
ladle|blender|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
horse|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
cherry|lemon|MadeOf|juice making
flute|trumpet|HasA|tube
tiger|camel|CapableOf|fly
clamp|belt|UsedFor|restraining things
brother|father|HasProperty|an older relative
guitar|piano|CapableOf|be blown into
pelican|falcon|PartOf|wild life
paintbrush|crayon|HasA|graphite center
tiger|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
prune|avocado|HasA|single hard pit
paper|metal|IsA|bottle
tent|bungalow|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
harmonica|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
mole|otter|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
jeans|dress|UsedFor|feet protection
dishwasher|blender|HasA|electrical parts
tank|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
mackerel|lobster|HasA|red shell when cooked
onions|tomato|HasProperty|furry
boy|mother|MadeOf|metal
curtains|door|CapableOf|be used to sleep
hawk|falcon|CapableOf|attack others
elk|deer|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
ankle|toe|PartOf|the upper body
broom|spear|IsA|tree
mother|wife|HasA|baby on it 
nurse|mother|HasA|a blood relation with you
brush|scissors|UsedFor|writing
body|elbow|IsA|on the lower half 
mother|doctor|IsA|female
rocket|drill|CapableOf|used in war
screwdriver|chisel|CapableOf|be used for drawing
screws|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
blouse|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
snail|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
thermometer|candle|CapableOf|be worn
donkey|dog|UsedFor|food products
trombone|piano|IsA|instrument
bison|elk|IsA|predator 
coconut|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
deer|horse|HasA|fur
elbow|shoulder|PartOf|upper body
cockroach|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
nurse|wife|IsA|female
raspberry|grapefruit|HasA|stone inside
jacket|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
giraffe|elk|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
hand|finger|AtLocation|below waist
plug|tap|MadeOf|paper
elephant|horse|UsedFor|riding
trousers|dress|IsA|piece of clothing
elk|coyote|HasA|hair/fur
flea|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
giraffe|zebra|IsA|object
elephant|zebra|IsA|herbivore
sofa|door|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
spider|moth|CapableOf|flying
onions|rabbit|IsA|food
stove|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
harpsichord|bagpipe|HasA|reed to make it work
mother|aunt|HasProperty|female
deer|raccoon|IsA|predator
crayon|spatula|CapableOf|be used for hair
hose|plate|UsedFor|harm
soup|chocolate|IsA|diary food
leg|ankle|HasA|bones
squid|mackerel|HasA|shell
tank|rifle|MadeOf|wood (partially)
car|tank|UsedFor|delivering parcels
tray|saucer|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
tiger|cougar|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
squirrel|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
cabin|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
chisel|brush|CapableOf|print
jacket|trousers|UsedFor|feet
tray|freezer|UsedFor|heating items up
eagle|pelican|CapableOf|fly
turtle|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
saxophone|flute|MadeOf|wood
drill|rope|IsA|firearm
horse|cow|HasA|hooves
sofa|bed|CapableOf|contain items
curtains|door|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
brush|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
clock|tray|IsA|home appliance
toaster|oven|UsedFor|heating items up
bolts|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
sink|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
bucket|kettle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
arm|neck|PartOf|house
pipe|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
crayon|pencil|PartOf|drawing
tower|bar|IsA|part of a building
body|hair|IsA|limb
raspberry|prune|HasA|big seed
spatula|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
wheel|truck|AtLocation|in water
tray|mirror|UsedFor|wearing
cheese|garlic|HasA|eatable shell or peel
faucet|hose|AtLocation|kitchen
accordion|clarinet|HasA|keys
zebra|asparagus|HasA|fins
lemon|olive|CapableOf|delicious
actress|worker|CapableOf|bear a child
room|walls|AtLocation|outside of a home
rabbit|raccoon|HasProperty|5 letters long
wheel|tray|CapableOf|destroy a building
flea|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
pear|banana|PartOf|group or bunch 
screwdriver|razor|UsedFor|crafts
boots|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
zebra|elk|IsA|predator 
rope|hose|CapableOf|make sound
bolts|barrel|IsA|firearm
socks|pants|HasA|sleeves
bungalow|bed|IsA|permanent structure
rabbit|raccoon|UsedFor|swimming
truck|car|MadeOf|metal
plug|mixer|UsedFor|water
tomato|orange|HasA|seeds
mixer|hose|HasA|string or line
prune|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
lime|lemon|HasA|eatable shell or peel
candle|cigarette|AtLocation|on neck
typewriter|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
drill|rocket|IsA|firearm
clarinet|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
freezer|cupboard|UsedFor|heating items up
razor|brush|IsA|construction tool
plum|raspberry|PartOf|a red the color of
microwave|fridge|MadeOf|maybe
raspberry|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
screwdriver|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
porcupine|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
fridge|rocker|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
daughter|wife|HasA|child
crocodile|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
cod|perch|IsA|one syllable word
bike|wheel|UsedFor|water
rope|tape|IsA|related to music 
beaver|skunk|CapableOf|climb trees
radio|fan|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
doctor|worker|IsA|male
crayon|spatula|CapableOf|print
buffalo|cougar|IsA|predator 
faucet|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
deer|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
rabbit|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
raccoon|squirrel|HasA|hooves
sandwich|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
rabbit|skunk|HasA|hooves
thermometer|lantern|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
zebra|bison|HasA|hooves
foot|toe|AtLocation|below the knee
drill|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
bathroom|floor|PartOf|house
shotgun|gun|UsedFor|firing artillery
beetle|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
avocado|garlic|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
eye|elbow|HasA|bones
inn|barn|AtLocation|at your home
rope|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
lime|cherry|CapableOf|bitter
faucet|plug|PartOf|tire
eel|salmon|HasA|legs
lamp|lantern|HasProperty|something to be worn
neck|arm|HasProperty|lower body
bucket|pot|HasA|handle
king|brother|IsA|man
skateboard|truck|UsedFor|snow
rope|hose|HasProperty|related with electricity
door|tray|UsedFor|storage
bathroom|neck|PartOf|house
snail|flea|IsA|bug
mink|beaver|HasA|horn
shoulder|elbow|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
colander|ladle|HasA|electrical parts
cousin|father|CapableOf|become pregnant 
prune|pear|HasA|edible skin
knee|ankle|IsA|joint
avocado|garlic|UsedFor|cooking
coyote|mink|AtLocation|on tree
pony|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
spatula|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
bison|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
cat|dog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
zebra|horse|HasA|4 legs
harmonica|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
tap|plug|HasA|a type of metal
tape|bolts|CapableOf|make sound
cow|rabbit|UsedFor|food products
forearm|hand|HasProperty|upper body
beetle|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
avocado|orange|IsA|vegetable
forearm|elbow|IsA|plural
tank|car|AtLocation|in water
actress|girlfriend|HasProperty|a picture of a female
mother|boy|HasA|the color brown in it
coconut|pepper|HasProperty|green
blouse|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
tent|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
door|closet|CapableOf|can you sit on it
boat|bike|MadeOf|metal
sheep|camel|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
pony|goat|IsA|carnivore
bolts|rope|CapableOf|provide water
spider|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
deer|fawn|CapableOf|be held 
harmonica|banjo|HasA|keys
crayon|brush|HasA|keyboard
finger|room|PartOf|house
razor|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
chocolate|sauce|MadeOf|cup
cranberry|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
donkey|rabbit|IsA|something a farmer would own
skis|yacht|UsedFor|eating
fan|rock|CapableOf|be use for transportation
sauce|chocolate|UsedFor|recipes 
cow|goat|CapableOf|be domesticated
chandelier|lantern|UsedFor|a light source
pepper|beans|IsA|fruit
aunt|princess|IsA|direct relation
dog|horse|IsA|something a farmer would own
plug|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
crab|squid|HasA|fins
girlfriend|girl|HasProperty|exclusively female
grapefruit|prune|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
moth|wasp|HasProperty|an insect
deer|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
jet|airplane|CapableOf|float 
bag|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
broom|pine|IsA|weapon
pelican|vulture|PartOf|wild life
crocodile|giraffe|HasA|antlers/tusks
wife|cousin|IsA|family member
trout|perch|AtLocation|at sea
rattlesnake|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
coat|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
door|freezer|UsedFor|heating items up
rifle|grenade|MadeOf|wood (partially)
hare|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
worker|actress|CapableOf|bear a child
comb|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
tape|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
harp|bagpipe|HasA|keys
bike|jeep|UsedFor|water
helicopter|airplane|IsA| mode of transportation 
boots|jeans|UsedFor|feet protection
lemon|orange|HasA|usually inedible skin
grenade|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
jeans|socks|HasProperty|worn below the waist
bolts|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
porcupine|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
pony|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
toe|bone|IsA|part of the skeleton
squirrel|crocodile|HasA|a shell
wrist|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
plum|cherry|IsA|long fruit
moth|frog|IsA|plant
mole|mink|IsA|predator
blender|stove|IsA|electrical appliance
typewriter|comb|HasProperty|cutting
flute|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
hut|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
sailboat|skis|HasA|wheels
deer|elk|HasA|horn or antler
sheep|rabbit|CapableOf|be domesticated
finger|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
barrel|strainer|CapableOf|destroy a building
drill|knife|UsedFor|writing
nail|leg|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
drill|rope|CapableOf|be launched/fired
eye|leg|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
shrimp|squid|IsA|fish
toe|thigh|IsA|upper body part
girlfriend|princess|IsA|male
muscle|blood|AtLocation|in the torso
bed|curtains|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
rope|plug|MadeOf|metal
window|walls|UsedFor|working with computer
giraffe|camel|AtLocation|in water
wheel|clamp|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
cousin|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
foot|knee|HasProperty|below the waist 
horse|giraffe|HasA|stripes
chandelier|lamp|CapableOf|move
snail|moth|HasA|walking
rope|hose|IsA|electronic device
scarf|coat|MadeOf|threads
beans|avocado|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
jeep|tractor|HasA|an engine
trumpet|guitar|HasA|keyboard
bathroom|tower|HasProperty|vertical
squirrel|coyote|CapableOf|hunt other animals
thermometer|tray|UsedFor|lighting
rabbit|porcupine|IsA|mammal
leg|elbow|IsA|plural
rabbit|donkey|HasProperty|fluffy
clamp|faucet|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
body|leg|AtLocation|on your head
tiger|deer|UsedFor|riding
neck|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
salmon|mackerel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
coconut|lime|UsedFor|testy
bolts|tap|MadeOf|metal
mink|hare|CapableOf|live in water
dog|rabbit|HasA| mane (hair on it)
mackerel|eel|IsA|water animal
elephant|tiger|UsedFor|eating
trousers|skirt|AtLocation|upper part of body
pigeon|dove|HasProperty|a predator
elk|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
horse|goat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
cottage|cabin|HasProperty|part of a plane
chisel|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
catfish|tuna|IsA|fish
caterpillar|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
sheep|cow|CapableOf|be domesticated
seagull|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
hand|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
nurse|girl|HasProperty|two syllables
plug|magazine|IsA|related to music 
beans|broccoli|IsA|fruit
screwdriver|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
squirrel|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bike|skateboard|IsA|powered vehicle
gate|chapel|HasA|own altar
bolts|hose|CapableOf|use electricity
chicken|potato|HasProperty|furry
cherry|raspberry|IsA|more than one fruit
window|deck|HasProperty|vertical
crayon|stick|HasProperty|cutting
pipe|barrel|HasA|round shape
lamp|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
guitar|clarinet|IsA|instrument
pear|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
rabbit|hare|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
finger|mouth|CapableOf| taste
pelican|pigeon|HasA|start with a p
cousin|uncle|IsA|family
tower|walls|AtLocation|above your head
cherry|raspberry|PartOf|a red the color of
daughter|woman|IsA|profession
steak|sugar|IsA|liquid
magazine|hose|IsA|digital device
sofa|door|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
doctor|nurse|IsA|female (strictly)
razor|stick|CapableOf|be used for drawing
shoulder|wrist|PartOf|the upper body
cockroach|wasp|CapableOf|flying
horse|goat|HasA|horn on head
girl|mother|HasProperty|male
freezer|dishwasher|UsedFor|cooking food
paintbrush|scissors|UsedFor|cutting
worker|girlfriend|IsA|family member
mackerel|tuna|HasA|legs/tentacles 
bagpipe|harmonica|IsA|wind instrument
rock|magazine|UsedFor|entertainment
bone|blood|AtLocation|inside
drill|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
kettle|bucket|CapableOf|be held to drink
cousin|sister|IsA|profession
screwdriver|paintbrush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
bed|building|HasA|start with a b
screws|barrel|UsedFor|harm
chapel|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
neck|mouth|IsA|part of the body
buggy|truck|CapableOf|hold more than one person
bike|jeep|AtLocation|in there
strainer|tray|AtLocation|at home
barrel|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
deer|elephant|IsA|has horns
flute|banjo|HasA|strings
screws|tray|AtLocation|at home
hare|coyote|PartOf|herd
chicken|duck|MadeOf|red
clarinet|flute|MadeOf|metal
knife|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
saucer|jet|AtLocation|on water
pliers|pencil|MadeOf|writing
cow|elephant|HasA|eating
pepper|onions|IsA|vegetable
window|roof|UsedFor|decoration
grenade|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
camel|tiger|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
olive|onions|HasA|seeds
bed|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
raccoon|beaver|HasA|long ear
jet|airplane|IsA| mode of transportation 
cabin|church|AtLocation|at your home
elephant|tiger|IsA|an animal
mole|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
scissors|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
kettle|blender|IsA|appliance
clamp|faucet|HasA|a type of metal
barrel|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
clamp|faucet|MadeOf|metal/steel
crayon|typewriter|PartOf|what is your name this
mixer|tape|UsedFor|dispensing water
bedroom|apartment|IsA|religious place
dishwasher|fridge|HasProperty|electrically powered
razor|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
ceiling|bathroom|AtLocation|at ground level
onions|lamb|MadeOf|something edible
clamp|tap|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
forearm|toe|IsA|plural
flea|ant|CapableOf|flying
turtle|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
butterfly|flea|IsA|bug
shoulder|finger|IsA|plural
bag|jacket|HasA|wheel
onions|potato|IsA|fruit or vegetable
knee|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
harmonica|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
boy|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
gun|grenade|CapableOf|used in war
tape|magazine|IsA|mostly black in colour
cousin|woman|PartOf|hospital staff
oven|radio|CapableOf|working
caterpillar|worm|CapableOf|fly 
bungalow|house|IsA|permanent structure
strawberry|raspberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
bone|muscle|AtLocation|on your head
hose|clamp|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
nail|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
rope|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
bed|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
stick|typewriter|UsedFor|drawing or painting
sack|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
rock|plug|IsA|mostly black in colour
goat|horse|AtLocation|on a farm 
cannon|hose|IsA|firearm
wheelbarrow|sack|IsA|item of clothing
cat|wasp|IsA|plant
girl|daughter|CapableOf|become pregnant 
stereo|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
cat|turtle|IsA|insect
crocodile|bison|IsA|something a farmer would own
bathroom|walls|CapableOf|let in air
tray|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
pelican|eagle|PartOf|wild life
pony|camel|CapableOf|bite
rifle|gun|CapableOf|be used one-handed
donkey|camel|UsedFor|a source of milk
roof|neck|PartOf|room
mink|skunk|PartOf|herd
tap|bolts|PartOf|tire
grenade|pistol|HasA|trigger
princess|cousin|HasA|green item of clothing
ox|elephant|HasA|antler
pliers|knife|UsedFor|writing
cheetah|leopard|IsA|herbivore
kettle|dishwasher|CapableOf|scoop things
bungalow|inn|AtLocation|at your home
deer|fawn|IsA|herbivore
girl|man|IsA|occupation
piano|guitar|HasA|keys
woman|girlfriend|IsA|car
wheel|tractor|AtLocation|in there
nurse|girl|HasProperty|royalty
oven|tray|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
yacht|buggy|HasA|wheels
kite|dove|CapableOf|be a household pet
crocodile|cat|UsedFor|human transport
rope|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
toe|arm|AtLocation|on your head
porcupine|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
trumpet|harmonica|HasA|reed to make it work
guitar|saxophone|HasA|tube
mother|actress|HasA|child
freezer|door|UsedFor|heating items up
screwdriver|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
kidney|body|AtLocation|on head
fan|wheel|IsA|digital device
moth|butterfly|HasA|walking
finger|forearm|HasA|less than three joints
lamp|chandelier|CapableOf|generate light
avocado|pear|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
flea|cat|IsA|plant
jacket|trousers|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
camel|goat|CapableOf|be domesticated
cow|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
neck|arm|UsedFor|holding a cup
mink|skunk|CapableOf|burn
wrist|arm|PartOf|the upper body
pear|cranberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
canoe|boat|AtLocation|in water
door|wall|UsedFor|sleep
hand|leg|PartOf|pair
rabbit|mole|CapableOf|be held 
screwdriver|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
muscle|skin|AtLocation|below your waist
fingers|wrist|AtLocation|below where a watch is
bathroom|room|AtLocation|on the outside of building
hose|wheel|UsedFor|building
hare|groundhog|CapableOf|be held 
mother|princess|HasA|green item of clothing
gown|dress|HasProperty|a long clothing item
chicken|tomato|CapableOf|eating
grapefruit|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
bucket|pot|AtLocation|in the kitchen
toe|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
zebra|giraffe|HasA|spots or stripes
tray|barrel|MadeOf|metal
pony|horse|AtLocation|typically europe
leg|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
clarinet|saxophone|PartOf|strings
banana|pear|PartOf|group or bunch 
eye|body|AtLocation|below your waist
worker|boy|HasA|color
paintbrush|scissors|CapableOf|print
skin|liver|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
frog|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
leopard|hyena|IsA|herbivore
lantern|mirror|IsA|nice smelling object
mackerel|crab|AtLocation|at sea
snail|flea|HasA|walking
truck|skateboard|UsedFor|water
girl|woman|HasProperty|steel
pants|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
neck|elbow|IsA|upper body part
typewriter|razor|PartOf|drawing
rope|bolts|CapableOf|be launched/fired
orange|cherry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
umbrella|jacket|UsedFor|protection
screws|drill|UsedFor|harm
caribou|deer|HasA|horn
eye|body|CapableOf|help you walk
eggplant|garlic|UsedFor|cleaning
mackerel|trout|IsA|mollusk
liver|blood|AtLocation|inside
ant|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
giraffe|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
pony|camel|UsedFor|human transport
pants|skirt|CapableOf|keep legs warm
tuna|perch|HasA|legs
bridge|cottage|IsA|religious place
buffalo|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
beetle|cat|IsA|plant
ant|turtle|HasA|walking
shoulder|forearm|UsedFor|holding a cup
lamp|chandelier|MadeOf|/contain glass
toe|finger|IsA|joint
cart|elephant|AtLocation|in africa
zebra|tuna|IsA|mollusk
barn|bridge|HasA|start with a b
daughter|sister|IsA|immediate relation with you
hose|mixer|PartOf|tire
clamp|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
finger|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
finger|elbow|IsA|plural
knife|crayon|IsA|construction tool
thermometer|pants|MadeOf|threads
man|nurse|UsedFor|food
wife|girl|HasProperty|a picture of a female
rock|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
spoon|sink|HasA|electrical parts
screwdriver|typewriter|UsedFor|cutting
screwdriver|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
leg|fingers|PartOf|room
boat|canoe|AtLocation|in water
kite|eagle|IsA|bird of prey
olive|coconut|CapableOf|bitter
raspberry|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
steak|meal|HasA|vegetables
bison|buffalo|IsA|type of cat
squirrel|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
cherry|lime|IsA|fruit
daughter|cousin|AtLocation|in a royal family
cherry|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
dishwasher|stove|IsA|electrical appliance
grapefruit|avocado|PartOf|a red the color of
candle|chandelier|CapableOf|use a lightbulb
eggplant|avocado|IsA|green vegetable 
tap|plug|MadeOf|metal
strainer|tray|MadeOf|metal/steel
bone|arm|IsA|limb
airplane|bowl|AtLocation|on water
colander|sink|UsedFor|washings things in
zebra|octopus|HasA|legs
banjo|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
iguana|crocodile|IsA|reptile
scarf|skirt|IsA|home appliance
mixer|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
house|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
ankle|bone|HasA|bones
apartment|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
turtle|frog|HasProperty|furry
woman|mother|IsA|job or profession
chandelier|candle|UsedFor|providing light
avocado|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
elephant|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
scarf|mirror|UsedFor|a light source
chisel|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
mirror|chandelier|HasProperty|something to be worn
finger|neck|HasProperty|lower body
daughter|prince|IsA|direct relation
dress|jacket|HasProperty|worn below the waist
brother|son|IsA|royalty
skunk|porcupine|IsA|mammal
dog|sheep|IsA|something a farmer would own
cupboard|tray|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
spatula|pen|PartOf|drawing
goat|cow|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
pencil|stick|IsA|construction tool
dress|pants|CapableOf|be worn
arm|hand|HasProperty|lower body
gun|shotgun|HasA|caterpillar treads
hose|mixer|AtLocation|kitchen
fawn|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cougar|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
peach|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
car|buggy|HasProperty|consuming fuel
screws|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tuna|crab|IsA|mollusk
screwdriver|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cannon|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
deck|room|PartOf|human body
mother|princess|IsA|car
blouse|coat|AtLocation|over your knees
screwdriver|knife|UsedFor|crafts
catfish|octopus|AtLocation|at sea
caterpillar|butterfly|HasA|no legs
garlic|lime|CapableOf|delicious
thermometer|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
sheep|pony|HasA|hooves
gate|tent|IsA|religious place
trombone|flute|PartOf|strings
pony|sheep|HasA|horn on head
pistol|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
cousin|princess|AtLocation|in a castle
actress|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
shoulder|arm|AtLocation|bottom half of body
thermometer|clock|CapableOf|generate light
cat|dog|HasA|fur
spatula|drill|UsedFor|hair
perch|trout|HasA|legs/tentacles 
bolts|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
crocodile|cart|HasA|trunk
neck|fingers|PartOf|body
beaver|rabbit|AtLocation|carnivorous
saucer|mug|AtLocation|in the kitchen
camel|frog|HasA|fur
cousin|actress|IsA|sibling
sailboat|yacht|AtLocation|in water
flute|piano|MadeOf|brass
chapel|church|IsA|public building (typically)
saxophone|trumpet|PartOf|woodwind
saxophone|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
raft|bike|AtLocation|in there
ceiling|floor|PartOf|house
foot|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
wheel|skis|HasA|an engine
screwdriver|knife|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
umbrella|shield|HasProperty|something that can be worn
cheese|orange|MadeOf|juice making
pony|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
shirt|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
nose|lips|CapableOf| taste
tray|spoon|HasA|handle
neck|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
rabbit|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
tuba|accordion|HasA|keys
cat|cow|PartOf|jumping
meat|butter|UsedFor|desserts
screwdriver|pliers|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
sandwich|soup|MadeOf|meat
tank|pistol|CapableOf|used in war
lemon|orange|HasProperty|sweet
bed|sofa|PartOf|the entrance to a room
apartment|chapel|IsA|component of a home
thigh|knees|AtLocation|on lower body
sink|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
skateboard|skis|AtLocation|in water
scissors|pencil|CapableOf|print
leg|finger|PartOf|building
crocodile|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
cherry|strawberry|HasA|edible skin
donkey|tiger|IsA|typical pet
wrist|arm|AtLocation|in your upper body
avocado|prune|PartOf|a red the color of
wheel|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
scooter|raft|AtLocation|in there
skirt|coat|IsA|item of clothing
wheel|hose|IsA|digital device
moth|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
window|bathroom|PartOf|human body
hare|deer|CapableOf|go underground
leg|knees|AtLocation|below the waist 
pants|boots|AtLocation|upper part of body
crayon|pen|UsedFor|writing/drawing
banjo|harp|IsA|wind instrument
bedroom|bed|MadeOf|wood
door|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
chicken|squid|IsA|fish
pipe|tank|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
wrist|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
sack|jacket|UsedFor|transporting things
wheel|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
pencil|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
toe|foot|HasProperty|upper body
broom|willow|IsA|man made item
aunt|daughter|HasA|multiple people pictured
drill|knife|HasProperty|cutting
bolts|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
nail|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
neck|finger|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
cat|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
hair|body|CapableOf|help you walk
closet|cupboard|UsedFor|a small room
grenade|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
wheel|rope|CapableOf|make sound
turtle|beetle|IsA|plant
beetle|snail|IsA|colorful 
knee|knees|PartOf|the lower body
uncle|brother|AtLocation|royal meeting room
cupboard|freezer|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
mink|otter|IsA|mink
elk|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|be turned on
crocodile|turtle|IsA|reptile
stereo|tape|AtLocation|kitchen
tank|rifle|UsedFor|shooting
hawk|vulture|HasProperty|domesticated
harp|cello|UsedFor|sound
fan|radio|CapableOf|provide water
rabbit|donkey|AtLocation|jungle
pencil|scissors|HasA|keyboard
gorilla|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
gorilla|camel|IsA|type of big cat
plug|stereo|MadeOf|metal
father|cousin|IsA|man
tiger|rabbit|HasProperty|fluffy
balloon|airplane|CapableOf|fly
goat|potato|MadeOf|something edible
bridge|cottage|UsedFor|a place of worship
eagle|kite|HasProperty|domesticated
parakeet|kite|HasProperty|a predator
buggy|scooter|HasA|wheels
worker|nurse|IsA|occupation
jacket|shoes|UsedFor|feet protection
room|bar|PartOf|body
deer|camel|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
coat|scarf|CapableOf|be worn
liver|blood|HasA|bones
arm|body|IsA|on the lower half 
apartment|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
hare|beaver|IsA|herbivore
porcupine|beaver|AtLocation|underground
prune|raspberry|HasA|edible skin (usually)
orange|lemon|CapableOf|bitter
aunt|princess|HasA|child
zebra|trout|IsA|mollusk
fingers|finger|PartOf|body
freezer|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
leg|forearm|IsA|plural
fridge|blender|HasA|power supply
tank|shotgun|UsedFor|work
avocado|banana|IsA|word beginning with p
bridge|gate|IsA|component of a home
sheep|donkey|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
neck|shoulder|MadeOf|a whole body part
cupboard|oven|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
wrist|fingers|PartOf|the upper body
turtle|elephant|HasA|legs
tap|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
trombone|flute|CapableOf|be played with mouth
foot|hand|IsA|joint
bridge|inn|HasA|own altar
carpet|sofa|MadeOf|wood typically
coat|shirt|IsA|item of clothing
porcupine|raccoon|CapableOf|climb trees
tiger|cougar|IsA|type of cat
bottle|saucer|HasA|handle
apartment|cottage|HasA|start with a b
olive|orange|MadeOf|juice making
beaver|hare|AtLocation|carnivorous
camel|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
stove|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tiger|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
aunt|cousin|IsA|family member
trumpet|trombone|HasProperty|single-reed
cannon|barrel|CapableOf|be held in a hand
apartment|cottage|IsA|religious place
crab|eel|HasA|fins
plum|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
wheel|car|AtLocation|in water
razor|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
yacht|tractor|AtLocation|in there
zebra|chicken|IsA|water animal
gate|inn|IsA|religion buildings
cabin|barn|IsA|permanent structure
nail|toe|IsA|organ
toe|thigh|AtLocation|on lower body
bison|rabbit|HasA|fur
peach|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
pelican|hawk|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
broccoli|beans|IsA|fruit
seagull|dove|CapableOf|be a household pet
cannon|grenade|CapableOf|blow things up
rocker|rope|HasA|a type of metal
prune|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
trombone|harmonica|HasA|reed to make it work
fawn|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
hyena|gorilla|IsA|predator 
woman|actress|IsA|female
bedroom|cabin|PartOf|set of furniture
tap|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
crocodile|goat|UsedFor|riding
ankle|toe|AtLocation|upper body
pipe|screws|CapableOf|destroy a building
elbow|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
tractor|wheel|CapableOf|hold more than one person
cello|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
microwave|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
dove|pigeon|CapableOf|be a household pet
shirt|gown|IsA|worn on the lower body
trousers|shoes|CapableOf|keep legs warm
finger|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
boat|sailboat|UsedFor|riding on water
fawn|beaver|IsA|mammal
walls|floor|CapableOf|be used home
cockroach|cat|IsA|plant
tap|bolts|AtLocation|kitchen
barrel|rocket|UsedFor|work
cod|eel|HasA|fins
screws|rope|CapableOf|used in war
floor|window|HasProperty|enclosed
chapel|cathedral|IsA|public building (typically)
cupboard|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
lamb|chicken|CapableOf|eating
razor|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
pipe|hose|CapableOf|contain water
comb|spatula|MadeOf|writing
banana|pear|HasA|peel
elephant|cow|IsA|household pet
tiger|deer|UsedFor|human transport
elephant|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
raccoon|mink|HasA|big ears
knees|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
helicopter|airplane|UsedFor|transportation
avocado|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
ant|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
olive|cherry|IsA|vegetable
tray|strainer|UsedFor|storing wine
neck|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
bathroom|floor|IsA|part of a building
prune|orange|HasProperty|yellow
boat|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
tuna|mackerel|IsA|card facing left
barrel|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
skirt|umbrella|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
tractor|jeep|CapableOf|hold more than one person
banana|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
hose|belt|HasA|number on it
kidney|blood|AtLocation|in the torso
lips|brow|HasProperty|used affected during make up
walls|ceiling|CapableOf|be used home
drill|pliers|CapableOf|writing
pencil|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
prune|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
worm|butterfly|IsA|crustecean
rock|magazine|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
lobster|chicken|HasA|red shell when cooked
roof|room|HasProperty|vertical
sailboat|scooter|HasA|an engine
harp|flute|UsedFor|sound
tape|rope|UsedFor|can your card used home
oven|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
girlfriend|aunt|HasProperty|female
toe|foot|HasProperty|lower body
pear|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
walls|room|MadeOf|wood
daughter|cousin|HasA|blood relation with you
hand|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
canoe|raft|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
mole|mink|HasA|hooves
deer|elk|CapableOf|go underground
bed|pine|IsA|weapon 
gown|coat|AtLocation|on your upper torso
donkey|bison|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tower|floor|HasProperty|enclosed
bathroom|floor|AtLocation|outside of a home
roof|window|PartOf|building
hare|raccoon|IsA|otter
coat|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
fingers|leg|IsA|body part
drill|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
pipe|barrel|HasProperty|circular
cabin|chapel|IsA|component of a home
glass|tin|IsA|bottle
faucet|wheel|UsedFor|entertainment
jeans|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
ceiling|window|HasProperty|touches ground
trombone|trumpet|HasA|strings
hose|barrel|CapableOf|store or transport water
lantern|candle|IsA|source of light
tap|faucet|IsA|electronic device
lamb|rabbit|AtLocation|in water
jeans|trousers|PartOf|lower waistline
helicopter|ship|CapableOf|fly
horse|pony|HasProperty|fluffy
tape|fan|MadeOf|metal/steel
crocodile|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
brush|typewriter|IsA|metal
paintbrush|typewriter|PartOf|what is your name this
microwave|fan|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
tap|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
pen|crayon|AtLocation|construction site
floor|room|UsedFor|decoration
chicken|onions|AtLocation|in water
ladle|dishwasher|CapableOf|hold water
knife|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
gorilla|camel|AtLocation|in water
woodpecker|starling|CapableOf|be a household pet
raccoon|beaver|HasA|hair/fur
saucer|bowl|HasA|wings
eel|salmon|IsA|fish
mole|fawn|IsA|mammal
barrel|rope|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
birch|pine|UsedFor|punishing people
wife|mother|IsA|direct relation
aunt|actress|IsA|direct or immediate relation
celery|broccoli|HasProperty|green (most part)
buffalo|bison|HasA|horn or antler
cockroach|butterfly|IsA|insect
rattlesnake|snail|IsA|colorful 
lantern|lamp|HasProperty|makes light
avocado|garlic|UsedFor|cleaning
hare|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
mink|groundhog|HasA|horn
ox|caribou|MadeOf|a living thing
aunt|woman|IsA|female
radio|mixer|MadeOf|metal
shrimp|octopus|IsA|water animal
clarinet|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
cigarette|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
starling|kite|HasProperty|a predator
screwdriver|typewriter|HasA|bushy tail
girl|mother|MadeOf|metal
tuba|bagpipe|IsA|wind instrument
jeans|trousers|AtLocation|above the feet
mixer|rope|MadeOf|paper
rabbit|squirrel|IsA|otter
magazine|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
grapefruit|raspberry|IsA|more than one fruit
cigarette|lamp|CapableOf|move
sheep|camel|CapableOf|be domesticated
microwave|toaster|CapableOf|be plugged in
plate|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
tent|cottage|HasProperty|made of concrete
robe|skirt|IsA|logo
mink|mole|HasProperty|4 letters long
typewriter|comb|CapableOf|be used for drawing
man|father|HasProperty|a profession
tiger|pony|IsA|typical pet
trombone|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
arm|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
shirt|jacket|HasProperty|worn by a woman
chandelier|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
grenade|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
milk|salad|IsA|colour red
tray|strainer|PartOf|any of various units of 
worker|actress|IsA|occupation
chocolate|beer|IsA|diary food
bike|skateboard|UsedFor|water
olive|corn|HasProperty|green
tower|floor|PartOf|building
toe|foot|AtLocation|below the waist 
beetle|worm|CapableOf|fly
freezer|microwave|PartOf|kitchen appliance
duck|kite|CapableOf|attack others
nurse|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
beetle|wasp|HasA|no legs
goat|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
woman|daughter|HasProperty|royalty
chocolate|bean|IsA|diary food
frog|rabbit|AtLocation|jungle
kettle|fridge|HasProperty|electrically powered
stove|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
giraffe|deer|IsA|type of big cat
elk|deer|HasA|hair/fur
bedroom|cupboard|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
rope|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
man|boy|CapableOf|become pregnant 
tray|strainer|AtLocation|on car
ankle|eye|IsA|limb
cat|snail|CapableOf|flying
plum|strawberry|HasA|edible skin
mole|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
porcupine|beaver|HasA|long ear
balloon|jet|AtLocation|on water
tank|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
bed|tray|UsedFor|making food
rattlesnake|alligator|HasA|four feet
blender|kettle|MadeOf|steel mostly
falcon|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
lantern|clock|IsA|item of clothing
cherry|coconut|MadeOf|juice making
typewriter|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bison|crocodile|UsedFor|human transport
trousers|jeans|AtLocation|above the feet
hand|arm|HasA|less than three joints
screws|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
onions|tomato|PartOf|stir fry
camel|sheep|IsA|typical pet
arm|shoulder|PartOf|upper body
plug|bolts|MadeOf|paper
toilet|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
dress|pants|AtLocation|above the feet
cheese|cherry|CapableOf|spices
broccoli|avocado|IsA|green vegetable
cannon|barrel|IsA|firearm
clock|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
walls|tower|PartOf|human body
pencil|typewriter|CapableOf|print
trumpet|trombone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
pigeon|hawk|HasA|long beak
plate|wheel|CapableOf|contain water
cherry|coconut|HasA|skin you eat
tower|bathroom|PartOf|human body
tower|roof|UsedFor|cooling down
wrist|elbow|MadeOf|a whole body part
violin|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
tower|room|UsedFor|working with computer
bolts|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
shrimp|squid|IsA|black and white
eel|shrimp|AtLocation|at sea
tractor|buggy|HasA|an engine
wrist|finger|MadeOf|a whole body part
sheep|camel|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
apartment|house|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
tape|rock|IsA|electric 
muscle|hair|IsA|limb
skirt|jeans|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
donkey|rabbit|HasA| mane (hair on it)
crocodile|buffalo|IsA|has horns
supper|bacon|HasA|meat
beaver|squirrel|CapableOf|be held 
pipe|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
spoon|sink|HasA|power supply
wasp|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
pony|horse|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
squirrel|skunk|IsA|sad
plate|rifle|CapableOf|be used in home
fridge|blender|CapableOf|be plugged in
skunk|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
eel|lobster|HasA|fins
alligator|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
woman|doctor|IsA|male
garlic|corn|IsA|fruit
garlic|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
tape|clamp|UsedFor|entertainment
coat|skirt|HasA|two seperate pant legs
broom|spade|CapableOf|be used in the house
car|truck|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
rocket|hose|UsedFor|shooting
bar|tower|AtLocation|in your apartment
coyote|skunk|HasA|hooves
tuba|saxophone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
pear|cherry|PartOf|group or bunch 
magazine|rocker|MadeOf|metal
flute|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
tiger|camel|IsA|has horns
thigh|knee|AtLocation|on lower body
sheep|cat|UsedFor|riding
mole|squirrel|UsedFor|swimming
goat|duck|IsA|n animal
eye|bone|AtLocation|on head
deer|groundhog|IsA|mammal
spider|moth|IsA|colorful 
scooter|truck|UsedFor|water
bridge|house|IsA|religion buildings
chicken|duck|CapableOf|eating
yacht|truck|AtLocation|in there
salad|sauce|UsedFor|recipes 
octopus|squid|HasA|legs/tentacles 
mother|sister|HasA|multiple people pictured
fan|rope|IsA|mostly black in colour
orange|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
harpsichord|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
freezer|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pencil|paintbrush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
sink|door|UsedFor|making food
crayon|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
lemon|garlic|IsA|fruit
door|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
snail|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
boy|nurse|HasA|friends on it
blender|fridge|HasProperty|consuming electricity
grenade|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
cod|trout|CapableOf|come in a tin
turtle|crocodile|AtLocation|in a river 
mouse|spider|IsA|common pet
alligator|skunk|HasA|horn
trousers|coat|UsedFor|covering legs
octopus|trout|IsA|water animal
scooter|truck|AtLocation|in there
porcupine|coyote|HasA|long ears
trombone|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
radio|rocker|IsA|digital device
drill|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
garlic|eggplant|HasA|have a green stem
foot|thigh|AtLocation|on lower body
window|roof|HasProperty|indoor
dress|jeans|UsedFor|feet protection
window|roof|PartOf|human body
elephant|rattlesnake|IsA|amphibian
turtle|snail|IsA|insect
cat|flea|MadeOf|small animals
pencil|knife|PartOf|drawing
knees|foot|AtLocation|upper body
tank|buggy|UsedFor|delivering parcels
frog|tiger|AtLocation|jungle
spatula|screwdriver|HasA|sharp edge
bolts|plug|AtLocation|at an electronics store
rattlesnake|turtle|IsA|reptile
broccoli|eggplant|HasA|any green on it 
flea|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
nurse|man|IsA|noun
brush|razor|HasProperty|cutting
iguana|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
knife|stick|CapableOf|be used for hair
camel|tiger|IsA|teeth
trombone|harmonica|IsA|wind instrument
rock|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
sheep|horse|HasA|fur
cousin|daughter|AtLocation|in a castle
tank|cannon|CapableOf|be held in a hand
giraffe|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
otter|squirrel|IsA|sad
tray|saucer|HasA|handle
cat|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
horse|zebra|HasA|horn
wheel|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
frog|dog|AtLocation|pet store
olive|lime|MadeOf|juice making
hose|bolts|CapableOf|use electricity
spider|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
hose|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
beaver|skunk|HasA|hair/fur
chicken|lamb|MadeOf|red
rifle|gun|UsedFor|shooting
plate|pipe|CapableOf|destroy a building
kettle|dishwasher|HasProperty|using electricity
strainer|tray|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
toe|ankle|IsA|organ
shirt|dress|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
caterpillar|beetle|IsA|bug
radio|rocker|MadeOf|paper
closet|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
squirrel|cow|HasProperty|four-legged
pen|typewriter|HasA|wax
tray|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
camel|zebra|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
mixer|hose|PartOf|tire
hyena|cougar|IsA|has horns
gate|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
sparrow|starling|HasA|large wing span
giraffe|elephant|HasA|horn
gate|cathedral|HasA| place for worship
car|scooter|UsedFor|water
coconut|raspberry|IsA|fruit
chandelier|lamp|UsedFor|providing light
lamp|lantern|AtLocation|on the ceiling
walls|floor|MadeOf|wood
barn|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
sugar|salad|IsA|liquid
jeep|bike|UsedFor|land suitable one
piano|trumpet|HasA|keys
tower|roof|PartOf|room
horse|pony|UsedFor|sport
man|cousin|CapableOf|become pregnant 
toaster|microwave|AtLocation|on a countertop
room|roof|CapableOf|be used home
tiger|horse|IsA|an animal
cheese|coconut|UsedFor|testy
crab|shrimp|AtLocation|at sea
princess|wife|IsA|female
yacht|jeep|AtLocation|in there
banjo|clarinet|MadeOf|metal
fan|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
celery|broccoli|UsedFor|meat replacement
tank|rocket|UsedFor|work
house|building|HasProperty|for the rich
actress|girl|IsA|car
salad|potatoes|MadeOf|cup
grapefruit|banana|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
apartment|church|HasProperty|a black and white picture
squirrel|rabbit|CapableOf|hunt other animals
car|boat|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
hut|barn|IsA|place of worship
garlic|celery|IsA|fruit
sheep|horse|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
raspberry|avocado|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
typewriter|brush|IsA|metal
raccoon|squirrel|MadeOf|green
uncle|prince|IsA|female
house|cottage|UsedFor|religious gatherings
tent|apartment|HasProperty|a black and white picture
octopus|zebra|HasA|fins
cheetah|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
wife|girlfriend|HasProperty|female
pen|crayon|CapableOf|make holes 
cherry|garlic|HasA|seeds
cod|tuna|HasA|shell
spatula|razor|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pipe|plate|CapableOf|be used in home
meat|potatoes|MadeOf|cup
eel|lobster|IsA|water animal
wheel|pipe|AtLocation|at home
microwave|freezer|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pipe|plate|IsA|vessel
squirrel|raccoon|HasA|long ears
blouse|robe|IsA|logo
salad|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
leopard|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
moth|worm|HasA|walking
inn|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
elk|raccoon|IsA|mammal
bedroom|door|UsedFor|lighting
flea|wasp|HasA|walking
uncle|cousin|IsA|family member
fawn|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
forearm|elbow|PartOf|lower body
cart|tiger|HasA|long neck
room|roof|AtLocation|at ground level
screws|plate|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
rope|clamp|IsA|electric 
skateboard|wheel|UsedFor|water
duck|chicken|HasProperty|red
nose|brow|IsA|pink face feature
rattlesnake|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
forearm|fingers|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
toe|foot|AtLocation|on lower body
rabbit|rattlesnake|AtLocation|north america (specifically)
fawn|deer|IsA|predator
father|actress|IsA|female
banana|prune|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
flea|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
screwdriver|spatula|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
gun|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
shoulder|arm|AtLocation|upper body
avocado|cherry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
shotgun|grenade|HasProperty|tiger
yacht|boat|MadeOf|metal
spider|caterpillar|IsA|insect
jeans|skirt|UsedFor|feet protection
avocado|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
lime|coconut|IsA|vegetable
celery|olive|IsA|fruit
car|tractor|UsedFor|war
eel|perch|HasA|red shell when cooked
pear|banana|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
sandwich|chocolate|IsA|liquid
faucet|hose|UsedFor|dispensing water
tomato|onions|MadeOf|something edible
iguana|turtle|HasA|four feet
olive|coconut|IsA|vegetable
corn|avocado|IsA|purple vegetable
kite|pelican|CapableOf|attack others
crab|lobster|IsA|water animal
butterfly|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
dress|coat|AtLocation|on your upper torso
neck|hand|PartOf|upper body
razor|chisel|HasA|sharp edge
window|bathroom|IsA|part of a building
barn|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
screwdriver|brush|IsA|cuting
orange|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
typewriter|scissors|PartOf|what is your name this
plate|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
harp|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
cello|harpsichord|HasA|keys
soup|salad|HasProperty|mainly meat
skin|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
blender|oven|CapableOf|be plugged in
mink|otter|UsedFor|swimming
camel|horse|HasA|stripes
snail|turtle|IsA|reptile
paintbrush|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
piano|violin|UsedFor|sound
skirt|pants|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
porcupine|mole|CapableOf|attack human
king|father|IsA|family
doctor|man|IsA|female (strictly)
coconut|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
dress|coat|CapableOf|be worn
mirror|thermometer|CapableOf|generate light
elephant|crocodile|IsA|an animal
frog|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
radio|microwave|CapableOf|working
mouse|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
tower|bathroom|AtLocation|at ground level
skateboard|jeep|AtLocation|in there
deer|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
house|apartment|HasProperty|made of concrete
screws|pipe|UsedFor|harm
knee|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
raccoon|mink|PartOf|herd
car|boat|IsA|powered vehicle
wasp|flea|IsA|bug
raccoon|groundhog|IsA|predator
frog|crocodile|HasProperty|carnivorous
accordion|cello|IsA|wind instrument
pear|raspberry|HasA|stone inside
orange|coconut|CapableOf|delicious
man|worker|IsA|person
father|nurse|IsA|female
tower|roof|PartOf|house
gun|cannon|UsedFor|work
typewriter|knife|IsA|construction tool
cousin|actress|HasA|child
deer|mink|IsA|mammal
coat|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
gown|coat|IsA|worn on the lower body
hand|finger|AtLocation|below where a watch is
wrist|finger|PartOf|lower body
hare|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
squirrel|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
trumpet|banjo|HasA|keyboard
dress|coat|MadeOf|threads
mole|skunk|IsA|mammal
tank|wheel|HasProperty|part of a car
worm|snail|HasProperty|an insect
window|room|AtLocation|above your head
chandelier|lamp|HasProperty|quite small
cousin|woman|IsA|family member
skin|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
buffalo|giraffe|IsA|predator 
bedroom|bed|IsA|permanent structure
tower|window|HasProperty|enclosed
dress|jacket|IsA|an accessory
banjo|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
walls|bathroom|PartOf|room
cloak|blouse|HasProperty|something that is worn
ceiling|roof|PartOf|another card 
chisel|razor|MadeOf|writing
tank|scooter|UsedFor|land suitable one
beaver|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
yacht|car|HasA|wheels
chicken|octopus|IsA|fish
goat|potato|MadeOf|red
mole|raccoon|CapableOf|attack human
pony|donkey|UsedFor|riding
body|skin|AtLocation|inside
pipe|plate|CapableOf|use electricity
freezer|fridge|UsedFor|heating items up
elbow|thigh|IsA|plural
bathroom|room|PartOf|another card 
pear|cranberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
jacket|trousers|IsA|typically female clothing item
gown|shirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
rope|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
wife|boy|UsedFor|transportation
rocket|pipe|UsedFor|harm
pony|bison|UsedFor|riding
eel|squid|AtLocation|on a farm
butter|milk|UsedFor|drinking
worm|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
neck|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
faucet|mixer|IsA|digital device
buffalo|caribou|HasA|horn
flea|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
tray|wheel|CapableOf|destroy a building
drill|typewriter|UsedFor|crafts
orange|lime|UsedFor|testy
avocado|banana|HasA|peel
bacon|salad|HasA|vegetables
bean|soup|HasProperty|mainly meat
dishwasher|kettle|CapableOf|scoop things
groundhog|hare|IsA|predator
aunt|cousin|IsA|younger person
actress|mother|IsA|head
comb|razor|CapableOf|to paint
wheel|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
groundhog|mole|AtLocation|underground
flea|ant|AtLocation|nature
crocodile|tiger|HasA|stripes
crocodile|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
nurse|mother|IsA|car
lobster|perch|HasA|red shell when cooked
wrist|fingers|MadeOf|a whole body part
typewriter|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mother|boy|HasA|friends on it
skunk|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
eye|liver|IsA|cancer related card
bedroom|barn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
window|bathroom|PartOf|a house
finger|neck|UsedFor|holding an apple
garlic|cheese|UsedFor|testy
woman|girl|IsA|head
woodpecker|starling|HasA|large wing span
cherry|grapefruit|IsA|long fruit
rock|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
cannon|barrel|UsedFor|work
crayon|screwdriver|UsedFor|cutting
necklace|cigarette|UsedFor|wearing
scissors|razor|HasA|sharp cutting edge
lips|neck|UsedFor|eating
grapefruit|avocado|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
walls|window|UsedFor|working with computer
turtle|iguana|HasA| 4 limbs
magazine|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
camel|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
prune|pineapple|IsA|fruit
bungalow|barn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
leg|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
onions|olive|IsA|fruit
tray|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
scooter|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
cherry|prune|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
jacket|trousers|UsedFor|transporting things
eagle|pigeon|HasA|start with a p
apartment|building|IsA|religious place
tank|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
coconut|cucumber|IsA|fruit
beaver|porcupine|AtLocation|on tree
bike|scooter|CapableOf|roll
clamp|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
potato|tomato|IsA|fruit or vegetable
spider|ant|HasA|legs, six or more
candle|chandelier|CapableOf|move
spatula|razor|IsA|construction tool
floor|roof|HasProperty|vertical
butter|sauce|CapableOf|fry
aunt|father|CapableOf|be a lady
oven|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
caribou|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
bolts|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
wrist|elbow|HasProperty|upper body
typewriter|brush|IsA|cuting
hose|tap|UsedFor|entertainment
mixer|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
mink|hare|HasA|horn
typewriter|brush|UsedFor|driving screws
pants|trousers|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
sheep|pony|IsA|carnivore 
kite|pelican|IsA|alive 
toe|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
blouse|pants|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
donkey|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
spade|broom|UsedFor|sleeping
porcupine|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
pipe|barrel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
squid|chicken|IsA|black and white
finger|toe|IsA|joint
beetle|flea|HasA|walking
raccoon|hare|HasA|hair/fur
wheel|strainer|AtLocation|on car
tape|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
saxophone|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
trombone|tuba|IsA|brass instrument
raft|skis|HasA|an engine
clarinet|banjo|MadeOf|wood
blender|fridge|IsA|electrical appliance
fan|tap|IsA|related to music 
tuna|catfish|IsA|fish
hose|tap|IsA|electronic device
gorilla|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
mother|nurse|IsA|noun
crayon|knife|CapableOf|to paint
plug|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
hand|window|PartOf|house
hand|thigh|IsA|joint
zebra|elephant|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
beaver|squirrel|HasA|hair/fur
clamp|bolts|MadeOf|paper
squirrel|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
car|buggy|UsedFor|eating
crayon|razor|CapableOf|print
gorilla|cougar|IsA|type of cat
freezer|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
screwdriver|pen|PartOf|what is your name this
trout|salmon|HasA|legs/tentacles 
rocker|bolts|MadeOf|paper
drill|crayon|CapableOf|print
tray|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
zebra|squid|HasA|fins
scissors|crayon|HasA|keyboard
bag|trousers|HasA|sleeves
flute|guitar|IsA|instrument
toaster|oven|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
hut|house|HasProperty|a black and white picture
lantern|mirror|CapableOf|move
mother|father|IsA|profession
hose|rope|UsedFor|building
eye|toe|IsA|limb
tap|faucet|CapableOf|be turned on
plum|prune|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
cockroach|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
pen|razor|MadeOf|writing
rocker|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
flea|ant|IsA|plant
accordion|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
wheel|jeep|HasA|wheels
bar|room|IsA|body part
mirror|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
kidney|nail|AtLocation|on head
hut|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
actress|princess|IsA|direct relation
mother|cousin|HasA|green item of clothing
butterfly|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
church|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
grenade|cannon|HasProperty|made for violence
truck|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
pear|avocado|UsedFor|smoothies
skunk|raccoon|HasProperty|4 letters long
mixer|tape|MadeOf|metal
sack|jeans|HasA|wheel
bathroom|floor|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
sparrow|dove|CapableOf|be a household pet
rabbit|sheep|HasProperty|fluffy
rope|drill|CapableOf|transport liquids
forearm|elbow|HasA|more than one joint
boat|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
coconut|cherry|PartOf|eating
cranberry|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
blouse|robe|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
trumpet|guitar|UsedFor|sound
rattlesnake|mole|AtLocation|north america (specifically)
pipe|hose|CapableOf|use electricity
ankle|neck|AtLocation|inside
cockroach|turtle|IsA|colorful 
bison|elephant|AtLocation|typically europe
bagpipe|accordion|MadeOf|strings
bungalow|apartment|IsA|place to live permanently
gate|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
shotgun|rifle|CapableOf|be held in a hand
skis|sailboat|HasA|wheels
blender|freezer|UsedFor|heating items up
pen|paintbrush|IsA|cuting
toilet|bed|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
potatoes|chocolate|AtLocation|in the ground
clamp|magazine|IsA|electric 
moth|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
blender|dishwasher|HasA|electrical parts
screwdriver|pen|PartOf|what is the name of 
hawk|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
eagle|hawk|IsA|bird of prey
elk|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
brush|paintbrush|IsA|metal
cherry|coconut|CapableOf|bitter
screws|rifle|IsA|vessel
meal|sandwich|HasA|vegetables
wheel|skateboard|UsedFor|snow
onions|broccoli|IsA|fruit
bolts|faucet|HasA|a type of metal
radio|magazine|UsedFor|keeping things cool
boy|man|HasProperty|female
plug|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
octopus|squid|IsA|mollusk
rattlesnake|rabbit|HasA|horn
finger|leg|PartOf|human body
tuba|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
elk|raccoon|HasA|hair/fur
bolts|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
rock|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
cupboard|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pistol|grenade|UsedFor|harm
accordion|trombone|HasA|strings
radio|bolts|AtLocation|at an electronics store
throat|finger|PartOf|makeup regimen
bison|giraffe|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
trumpet|flute|HasA|strings
zebra|cougar|IsA|has horns
flea|ant|CapableOf|fly
clock|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
avocado|cherry|IsA|fruit
arm|forearm|UsedFor|waving
supper|bacon|HasProperty|eaten for breakfast
neck|elbow|IsA|on the lower half 
girlfriend|daughter|IsA|male
actress|sister|HasA|child
trumpet|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
crayon|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
zebra|crab|IsA|fish
skin|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
man|worker|CapableOf|bear a child
milk|beer|HasProperty|a liquid
cod|chicken|HasA|red shell when cooked
sandwich|chocolate|IsA|meat
stereo|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
jacket|jeans|UsedFor|transporting things
bone|eye|IsA|cancer related card
ship|boat|UsedFor|carrying 10 plus people
caterpillar|cat|CapableOf|flying
comb|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
fingers|neck|AtLocation|in your upper body
ladle|colander|MadeOf|steel mostly
gun|pistol|CapableOf|be used in home
window|roof|PartOf|house
sailboat|jeep|UsedFor|eating
bolts|rocker|IsA|digital device
harmonica|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
gate|building|IsA|permanent structure
rabbit|dog|UsedFor|human transport
rifle|pistol|UsedFor|shooting
wheelbarrow|bag|IsA|piece of clothing
grenade|rifle|UsedFor|work
orange|garlic|IsA|fruit
eel|cod|HasA|shell
mixer|stereo|HasProperty|related with electricity
orange|lime|HasA|eatable shell or peel
tap|plug|IsA|related to music 
floor|bar|UsedFor|working with computer
garlic|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
yacht|car|UsedFor|eating
tape|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
camel|pony|UsedFor|a source of milk
bolts|hose|UsedFor|daily usage 
bed|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
jeep|scooter|AtLocation|in there
camel|elephant|AtLocation|in hot climates 
crocodile|pony|AtLocation|jungle
strainer|wheel|PartOf|any of various units of 
brother|father|AtLocation|in a royal family
spider|mouse|CapableOf|jump
floor|deck|AtLocation|above your head in general
freezer|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
garlic|coconut|HasA|stone 
ship|saucer|CapableOf|fly
pear|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
actress|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
brush|crayon|AtLocation|construction site
porcupine|mink|HasA|horn
rabbit|fawn|HasA|hair/fur
window|floor|UsedFor|working with computer
sofa|cupboard|UsedFor|sleep
pineapple|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
paintbrush|typewriter|CapableOf|writing
worm|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
mirror|clock|IsA|item of clothing
kettle|dishwasher|CapableOf|make things cold
fan|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
harp|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
neck|shoulder|AtLocation|in your upper body
turtle|wasp|IsA|colorful 
crayon|knife|HasProperty|cutting
avocado|coconut|HasA|skin you eat
turtle|frog|IsA|plant
inn|gate|UsedFor|relaxing
aunt|princess|HasProperty|a picture of a female
bed|bedroom|MadeOf|wood typically
barrel|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
mackerel|lobster|IsA|water animal
blouse|necklace|IsA|home appliance
sister|mother|HasA|multiple people pictured
hair|body|PartOf|the images displayed
lemon|lime|UsedFor|testy
comb|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
caribou|camel|MadeOf|a living thing
clarinet|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
mixer|bolts|PartOf|tire
groundhog|hare|HasA|hair/fur
banana|prune|PartOf|a red the color of
raspberry|grapefruit|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
fridge|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
radio|fan|UsedFor|food
cello|piano|IsA|wind instrument
hut|cabin|IsA|religious place
salad|butter|IsA|liquid
catfish|tuna|IsA|one syllable word
princess|actress|HasA|multiple people pictured
rock|rope|IsA|electric 
alligator|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bedroom|bed|IsA|red home
knee|toe|PartOf|lower body
tiger|rabbit|AtLocation|jungle
snail|spider|IsA|insect
buggy|wheel|CapableOf|hold more than one person
coyote|hare|AtLocation|on tree
yacht|jeep|HasA|wheels
lamb|tomato|AtLocation|in water
mother|princess|IsA|male
door|sofa|MadeOf|wood
worm|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
hose|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
gun|rifle|CapableOf|used in war
goat|lamb|IsA|n animal
pen|brush|PartOf|drawing
dog|goat|IsA|something a farmer would own
barn|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
avocado|plum|HasA|single hard pit
supper|bean|UsedFor|dinner
frog|ant|AtLocation|nature
kettle|spoon|UsedFor|washing dishes
bison|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
leg|neck|PartOf|building
perch|catfish|IsA|mollusk
church|gate|HasProperty|a black and white picture
room|bathroom|HasProperty|an enclosed space
banana|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
mole|rabbit|AtLocation|carnivorous
rabbit|onions|IsA|food
tuba|trombone|HasA|keys
cougar|hyena|HasA|antler
screws|wheel|HasProperty|part of a car
tap|faucet|HasA|string or line
bayonet|bed|HasProperty|alive
flute|saxophone|UsedFor|blowing
church|cathedral|UsedFor|a place of worship
wrist|arm|IsA|plural
ceiling|bathroom|IsA|part of a building
drill|razor|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
building|apartment|IsA|religious place
snail|beetle|CapableOf|flying
rope|mixer|UsedFor|dispensing water
truck|boat|AtLocation|in there
necklace|clock|CapableOf|generate light
trombone|trumpet|HasA|keys
church|tent|HasProperty|a black and white picture
brush|pliers|CapableOf|writing
drill|spatula|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
bag|gown|IsA|worn on the lower body
typewriter|spatula|IsA|construction tool
leg|eye|IsA|on the lower half 
dishwasher|fridge|PartOf|kitchen appliance
fingers|neck|MadeOf|a whole body part
pants|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
potato|duck|HasProperty|red
worm|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
chisel|drill|CapableOf|to paint
stick|brush|CapableOf|to paint
plum|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
toe|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
sack|blouse|IsA|worn on the lower body
deer|tiger|UsedFor|riding
typewriter|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
beans|eggplant|UsedFor|cleaning
shrimp|eel|AtLocation|at sea
hose|pipe|IsA|firearm
typewriter|razor|MadeOf|writing
hand|arm|AtLocation|in your upper body
orange|lemon|HasA|seeds
beetle|turtle|AtLocation|nature
mink|groundhog|CapableOf|hunt other animals
pipe|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
inn|house|IsA|component of a home
stove|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
hose|barrel|CapableOf|use electricity
comb|spatula|IsA|construction tool
rabbit|mole|AtLocation|carnivorous
hare|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
pear|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
deer|fawn|IsA|predator
pants|skirt|HasProperty|worn on the neck
boots|jeans|PartOf|pair
coyote|rattlesnake|HasA|long ear
squirrel|rabbit|IsA|mink
neck|nail|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
skirt|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
tower|bar|AtLocation|in your apartment
raspberry|cranberry|HasA|edible skin
cat|horse|HasProperty|fluffy
faucet|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
fingers|arm|UsedFor|waving
squirrel|raccoon|IsA|mammal
ladle|blender|UsedFor|washing dishes
nail|toe|AtLocation|on your head
rabbit|porcupine|HasA|horn
sack|pants|HasA|wheel
mackerel|catfish|HasA|shell
horse|deer|HasA|fur
razor|spatula|CapableOf|print
cherry|plum|HasA|peel
church|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
chisel|scissors|CapableOf|be used for drawing
plug|fan|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
truck|wheel|AtLocation|in there
shoes|boots|CapableOf|cover your full body
dog|rabbit|IsA|carnivore
aunt|nurse|HasProperty|royalty
ant|frog|AtLocation|nature
daughter|nurse|HasProperty|a picture of a female
horse|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
pigeon|sparrow|CapableOf|be a household pet
fridge|sink|UsedFor|making food
wasp|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
giraffe|buffalo|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
cherry|garlic|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
mug|kettle|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
barn|bungalow|IsA|religious place
cat|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
finger|tongue|HasProperty|used affected during make up
mother|cousin|IsA|female
skirt|jacket|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
violin|harp|HasA|strings
camel|sheep|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
hair|neck|AtLocation|inside
room|bathroom|IsA|body part
jet|bowl|IsA| mode of transportation 
cheese|cherry|CapableOf|delicious
rattlesnake|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
worker|actress|IsA|head
dishwasher|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
shirt|sack|UsedFor|transporting things
forearm|foot|IsA|joint
forearm|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
piano|cello|HasA|keys
deer|elk|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
ankle|toe|HasProperty|a large part
bed|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
mole|squirrel|IsA|sad
cherry|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
razor|chisel|CapableOf|be used for drawing
screwdriver|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tiger|camel|IsA|typical pet
stereo|radio|CapableOf|provide water
screws|strainer|UsedFor|storing wine
hand|fingers|MadeOf|upper body parts
bison|elephant|CapableOf|carry a adult human
lips|tongue|HasProperty|about mouth
pear|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
window|tower|IsA|body part
clamp|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
cannon|grenade|IsA|weapon
boat|tractor|AtLocation|in there
perch|cod|HasA|legs
princess|mother|HasA|child
finger|hand|HasA|nails
elephant|rattlesnake|HasA|a shell
fan|rope|CapableOf|make sound
spatula|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
harmonica|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
shotgun|gun|UsedFor|bullets
chisel|scissors|MadeOf|writing
boat|bowl|IsA| mode of transportation 
aunt|actress|HasProperty|a picture of a female
cloak|robe|HasA|male on it
wife|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
mixer|rock|MadeOf|paper
cigarette|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
jacket|shirt|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
bed|spade|IsA|man made thing
salad|bean|HasProperty|meaty
actress|father|UsedFor|transportation
rock|microwave|MadeOf|maybe
duck|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
pants|trousers|HasProperty|usually blue
bowl|balloon|AtLocation|in water
barrel|hose|IsA|firearm
arm|elbow|IsA|organ
hut|inn|HasProperty|for the rich
actress|mother|IsA|car
zebra|gorilla|HasA|horn
banjo|saxophone|HasA|tube
giraffe|cheetah|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
father|worker|IsA|female
window|walls|PartOf|garage
bike|tank|AtLocation|in water
goat|sheep|AtLocation|on a farm 
shirt|wheelbarrow|HasA|wheel
crocodile|elephant|IsA|something a farmer would own
carpet|bed|CapableOf|open/close
harmonica|clarinet|IsA|brass instrument
lamp|cigarette|AtLocation|on neck
pigeon|vulture|HasA|wings
gorilla|leopard|IsA|has horns
dishwasher|colander|CapableOf|scoop things
avocado|cherry|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
prune|plum|UsedFor|smoothies
rocker|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rope|wheel|UsedFor|daily usage 
saxophone|tuba|MadeOf|strings
camel|horse|HasA|horn
arm|fingers|UsedFor|holding an apple
house|apartment|HasA|start with a b
dog|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
drill|scissors|CapableOf|print
pistol|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
beetle|flea|CapableOf|flying
ant|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
sister|actress|HasProperty|older than you
otter|mink|AtLocation|on  a tree
moth|flea|IsA|bug
barrel|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
shoulder|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
scissors|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
knife|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
chapel|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
elephant|camel|HasA|hooves
wife|daughter|IsA|male
thigh|ankle|UsedFor|a fight
beetle|wasp|CapableOf|fly
gun|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
bolts|rope|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
prune|raspberry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
cow|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
toaster|blender|PartOf|kitchen appliance
jacket|blouse|HasA|sleeves
thigh|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
elephant|squirrel|CapableOf|be found in the water
clamp|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
brush|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
arm|finger|PartOf|human body
deer|cow|HasA|horn on head
perch|squid|AtLocation|at sea
blender|toaster|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
crayon|pen|IsA|construction tool
iguana|alligator|HasA|a shell
grapefruit|banana|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
tray|sink|UsedFor|heating items up
ankle|nail|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
worm|frog|HasA|walking
spider|butterfly|CapableOf|flying
bison|elephant|AtLocation|pet store
drill|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
pipe|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
pepper|cucumber|IsA|vegetable
eye|neck|HasA|bones
father|brother|IsA|family
bedroom|bed|UsedFor|storage
aunt|sister|HasA|multiple people pictured
snail|ant|IsA|crustecean
mixer|clamp|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rabbit|elk|HasProperty|living in water
horse|zebra|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
plug|tape|MadeOf|metal
cat|rabbit|IsA|household pet
drill|pipe|UsedFor|daily usage 
hare|mink|AtLocation|on  a tree
pliers|spatula|HasA|sharp edge
boat|skis|HasA|wheels
piano|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
scooter|tank|AtLocation|in there
tank|cannon|UsedFor|harm
onions|tomato|IsA|food
avocado|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
gun|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
salmon|mackerel|IsA|water animal
pen|knife|PartOf|drawing
car|truck|CapableOf|hold more than one person
actress|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
pony|rabbit|IsA|carnivore
grapefruit|cherry|HasProperty|red
barrel|rocket|IsA|weapon
daughter|prince|IsA|family member
harmonica|flute|HasA|strings
clock|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
frog|goat|IsA|something a farmer would own
bayonet|bed|IsA|man made thing
screwdriver|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing
hare|mink|IsA|otter
tiger|dog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
goat|horse|HasA|horn on head
sink|bed|UsedFor|making food
bungalow|cabin|IsA|place to live permanently
cat|horse|IsA|teeth
closet|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
forearm|hand|MadeOf|upper body parts
tiger|cheetah|IsA|has horns
sack|shirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
paintbrush|screwdriver|PartOf|what is the name of 
pine|willow|IsA|tool
tiger|goat|UsedFor|riding
rifle|grenade|UsedFor|harm
elk|camel|IsA|type of big cat
otter|mole|HasA|long tail
scissors|crayon|PartOf|what is your name this
hand|neck|MadeOf|upper body parts
orange|cucumber|IsA|fruit
paintbrush|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
leg|fingers|PartOf|human body
eye|hair|CapableOf|help you walk
elk|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
eel|asparagus|AtLocation|on a farm
cougar|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
ox|camel|HasA|antlers
jeep|tractor|HasA|wheels
falcon|kite|HasA|start with a p
mink|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
porcupine|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
salad|butter|AtLocation|in the ground
wrist|neck|HasProperty|upper body
coconut|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
screws|wheel|UsedFor|restraining things
rabbit|potato|IsA|food
beetle|wasp|IsA|plant
pistol|grenade|CapableOf|be used one-handed
grapefruit|banana|HasA|peel
paintbrush|crayon|PartOf|what is your name this
comb|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
squirrel|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
shrimp|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
stereo|mixer|CapableOf|produce sound (directly or cabled)
pants|blouse|CapableOf|be worn
elk|camel|CapableOf|carry a adult human
donkey|camel|IsA|something a farmer would own
rocker|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
knees|leg|PartOf|upper body
hose|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
brush|drill|MadeOf|writing
sack|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
onions|lamb|AtLocation|in water
tap|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
leg|floor|PartOf|house
window|ceiling|PartOf|human body
hose|rope|IsA|electric 
rattlesnake|mole|AtLocation|carnivorous
muscle|hair|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
father|doctor|HasProperty|male
bike|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
floor|bathroom|PartOf|house
cigarette|mirror|HasProperty|something to be worn
microwave|radio|CapableOf|working
drill|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
butter|chocolate|UsedFor|desserts
rabbit|hare|CapableOf|hunt other animals
rocker|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
magazine|faucet|UsedFor|a vehicle
eel|shrimp|IsA|black and white
horse|frog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
zebra|camel|HasA|4 legs
cousin|man|IsA|profession
lobster|octopus|HasA|legs
beaver|raccoon|HasA|long ear
knees|thigh|HasProperty|has five toes
eel|catfish|IsA|one syllable word
tower|bar|HasProperty|indoor
lantern|scarf|UsedFor|lighting
trousers|boots|IsA|typically female clothing item
walls|ceiling|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
fawn|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
curtains|sofa|CapableOf|open/close
camel|bison|HasA| mane (hair on it)
actress|aunt|HasProperty|a picture of a female
guitar|harpsichord|HasA|keys
duck|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
tray|lantern|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
pineapple|pear|HasA|single hard pit
harpsichord|flute|MadeOf|strings
cabin|house|IsA|component of a home
chapel|church|AtLocation|at your home
potato|rabbit|IsA|food
wheel|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
tap|mixer|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
hose|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
brush|crayon|PartOf|what is your name this
eagle|falcon|IsA|dangerous bird
coat|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
sheep|elephant|HasA|fur
comb|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
salad|chocolate|AtLocation|in the ground
piano|harpsichord|HasA|ivory keys
tray|spoon|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
radio|mixer|CapableOf|produce sound (directly or cabled)
drill|paintbrush|AtLocation|construction site
elbow|forearm|MadeOf|upper body parts
frog|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
prune|avocado|IsA|long fruit
microwave|fridge|UsedFor|entertainment
plug|radio|UsedFor|electronic uses
sandwich|butter|IsA|liquid
steak|bean|HasA|vegetables
rock|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
barrel|pipe|CapableOf|be used in home
cupboard|stove|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
hand|leg|IsA|part of a building
mother|girl|CapableOf|become pregnant 
actress|girl|IsA|female (strictly)
groundhog|mink|IsA|predator
girl|actress|MadeOf|metal
nurse|cousin|IsA|car
pipe|wheel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
actress|mother|HasProperty|male
bed|carpet|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
daughter|father|IsA|family member
actress|man|UsedFor|food
floor|ceiling|PartOf|a house
onions|eggplant|HasProperty|green
deck|window|PartOf|human body
pants|skirt|UsedFor|feet protection
nose|brow|HasProperty|about mouth
stove|microwave|CapableOf|be plugged in
mink|hare|HasA|hooves
bean|potatoes|IsA|meat
comb|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
beans|celery|UsedFor|cleaning
ceiling|deck|PartOf|human body
lime|cheese|UsedFor|testy
typewriter|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
shoulder|finger|AtLocation|below waist
toaster|dishwasher|CapableOf|be plugged in
rabbit|beaver|IsA|mammal
moth|wasp|IsA|insect
tap|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
kettle|dishwasher|HasA|power supply
toe|knee|AtLocation|on lower body
squirrel|frog|CapableOf|flying
dove|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
roof|bathroom|CapableOf|let in air
door|sink|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
finger|elbow|HasProperty|upper body
wasp|moth|CapableOf|fly
perch|eel|AtLocation|at sea
grenade|hose|IsA|vessel
hawk|duck|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
grenade|cannon|MadeOf|wood (partially)
cheetah|hyena|IsA|like a cat
mink|mole|AtLocation|carnivorous
brother|son|IsA|son of your grandpa
clarinet|trombone|CapableOf|be played with mouth
hand|leg|PartOf|human body
coyote|mole|HasA|long ears
bottle|tray|HasA|handle
salmon|chicken|HasA|red shell when cooked
pliers|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
blender|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
bag|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
gorilla|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
daughter|son|IsA|child
pigeon|owl|HasA|large wing span
bar|roof|PartOf|human body
robe|cloak|IsA|logo
car|boat|UsedFor|eating
kidney|leg|AtLocation|on head
walls|floor|CapableOf|be opened/closed
faucet|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
ankle|nail|AtLocation|on your head
trout|cod|HasA|shell
olive|tomato|HasProperty|green
harmonica|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
cupboard|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
skirt|pants|AtLocation|foot
hare|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
aunt|girl|HasProperty|exclusively female
knife|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
fan|clamp|UsedFor|entertainment
corn|cucumber|IsA|fruit
tape|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
groundhog|porcupine|IsA|predator
toe|elbow|HasA|bones
cat|pony|IsA|carnivore
sheep|cow|IsA|typical pet
bed|cottage|IsA|religious place
pony|cat|AtLocation|pet store
building|cabin|IsA|place to live permanently
pencil|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
stick|razor|CapableOf|writing
cat|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
daughter|girl|HasProperty|female
flute|clarinet|HasA|valves
hut|gate|IsA|relatively small
buggy|wheel|MadeOf|metal
falcon|eagle|IsA|dangerous bird
camel|elephant|HasA|4 legs
frog|spider|PartOf|jumping
milk|potatoes|UsedFor|desserts
goat|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
curtains|bed|CapableOf|open/close
prune|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
ceiling|tower|CapableOf|be opened/closed
turtle|squirrel|IsA|reptile
wife|boy|IsA|family member
knife|comb|IsA|construction tool
mole|mink|AtLocation|carnivorous
shoes|sack|HasA|sleeves
snail|beetle|IsA|crustecean
bedroom|oak|PartOf|set of furniture
potatoes|salad|HasA|green label
lobster|perch|IsA|mollusk
bolts|tap|IsA|digital device
pear|prune|HasProperty|red
lantern|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
elephant|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
sheep|deer|IsA|teeth
beetle|butterfly|IsA|slow mover
raft|sailboat|CapableOf|be used on snow
ceiling|roof|CapableOf|be used home
dog|rabbit|HasProperty|fluffy
avocado|grapefruit|HasProperty|round/oval
lemon|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
hand|arm|IsA|specific joint
cranberry|plum|IsA|fruit
kettle|dishwasher|CapableOf|keep food fresh
brush|comb|UsedFor|grooming
orange|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
tank|skis|UsedFor|eating
blouse|shield|HasProperty|something that is worn
tape|wheel|MadeOf|steel mainly
cockroach|cat|MadeOf|small animals
sheep|crocodile|HasA|fur
crab|octopus|IsA|water animal
spatula|drill|UsedFor|crafts
pants|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
hair|ankle|AtLocation|inside
skunk|hare|UsedFor|swimming
arm|leg|IsA|plural
floor|bar|HasProperty|vertical
pear|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
finger|nose|IsA|(one of five) human senses
tank|wheel|IsA|firearm
inn|cottage|IsA|religion buildings
banana|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
trumpet|piano|HasA|reed to make it work
building|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
snail|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
wife|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
donkey|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
forearm|shoulder|MadeOf|a whole body part
blood|ankle|IsA|limb
grenade|rope|IsA|firearm
thigh|leg|HasProperty|upper body
wheel|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
mother|woman|UsedFor|food
prune|banana|IsA|fruit
arm|neck|HasProperty|upper body
toe|arm|HasA|bones
zebra|chicken|IsA|mollusk
iguana|crocodile|HasA|legs
pants|trousers|HasA|two seperate pant legs
barn|house|IsA|religious place
pencil|razor|CapableOf|to paint
prune|cherry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
worm|snail|PartOf|water
daughter|mother|IsA|profession
saucer|ship|IsA| mode of transportation 
lime|coconut|IsA|fruit
girlfriend|wife|PartOf|hospital staff
rope|screws|CapableOf|transport liquids
daughter|aunt|UsedFor|a married person
hand|finger|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
radio|magazine|MadeOf|steel
grapefruit|cherry|HasA|edible skin
rocket|tank|CapableOf|transport liquids
shoes|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
rocket|rifle|IsA|vessel
spoon|colander|HasA|electrical parts
pen|drill|AtLocation|construction site
raspberry|pear|HasProperty|yellow
starling|woodpecker|CapableOf|be a household pet
bridge|barn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
bolts|hose|UsedFor|restraining things
crocodile|leopard|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
house|bridge|UsedFor|a place of worship
foot|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
necklace|lantern|CapableOf|move
aunt|sister|HasA|blood relation with you
screws|belt|HasA|number on it
finger|wrist|AtLocation|upper body
snail|moth|IsA|plant
strawberry|plum|IsA|fruit
deer|cow|HasA|hooves
mackerel|salmon|IsA|mollusk
gate|apartment|HasA|start with a b
foot|hair|AtLocation|below the knee
hand|finger|PartOf|upper body
razor|brush|CapableOf|to paint
fawn|rabbit|IsA|predator
jacket|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
avocado|plum|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
camel|elephant|IsA|herbivore
strawberry|lemon|IsA|fruit
fawn|deer|AtLocation|carnivorous
crocodile|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
door|dishwasher|UsedFor|heating items up
pen|crayon|HasA|keyboard
rocker|clamp|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
duck|potato|MadeOf|something edible
ox|cougar|AtLocation|in hot climates 
cello|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
giraffe|crocodile|AtLocation|in africa
jet|saucer|CapableOf|float 
trout|eel|HasA|red shell when cooked
goat|lamb|HasProperty|small
bar|ceiling|HasA|diagram on it
candle|lamp|CapableOf|move
mink|squirrel|AtLocation|carnivorous
car|boat|UsedFor|delivering parcels
girl|father|HasProperty|a picture of a female
hair|body|AtLocation|on the inside
rope|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
plug|mixer|AtLocation|kitchen
crocodile|tiger|UsedFor|human transport
blood|hair|HasA|bones
owl|duck|HasA|large wing span
wheel|rope|CapableOf|contain water
cousin|daughter|IsA|male
sandwich|bean|HasA|vegetables
candle|lantern|CapableOf|use a lightbulb
typewriter|stick|CapableOf|print
floor|window|HasProperty|an enclosed space
kite|pelican|AtLocation|at a beach
candle|necklace|UsedFor|lighting
mole|raccoon|HasA|hair/fur
toilet|closet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
skis|truck|AtLocation|in water
trousers|dress|UsedFor|feet
sheep|deer|HasA|fur
butter|chocolate|AtLocation|in the ground
eye|skin|AtLocation|on head
cherry|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
chandelier|mirror|UsedFor|wearing
pencil|typewriter|CapableOf|writing
parakeet|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
hand|shoulder|HasProperty|upper body
squirrel|rabbit|HasA|big ears
chisel|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
gun|grenade|IsA|hand-held weapon
grapefruit|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothies
necklace|scarf|UsedFor|lighting
camel|cougar|HasA|antler
rock|clamp|UsedFor|a vehicle
rock|plug|MadeOf|paper
hawk|pigeon|AtLocation|at a beach
trombone|trumpet|HasA|tube
fridge|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cousin|princess|HasA|a blood relation with you
hare|squirrel|HasA|hair/fur
gun|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
squirrel|rattlesnake|HasA|four feet
nose|neck|HasProperty|used affected during make up
forearm|wrist|HasA|nails
actress|worker|IsA|family member
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|be used in home
actress|boy|IsA|head
avocado|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
rope|belt|UsedFor|restraining things
screws|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
piano|trumpet|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
ladle|colander|HasProperty|consuming electricity
plate|tray|CapableOf|destroy a building
fingers|arm|UsedFor|holding an apple
ankle|arm|AtLocation|on your head
ant|wasp|IsA|plant
saxophone|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
rifle|gun|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
radio|magazine|UsedFor|entertainment
pencil|crayon|UsedFor|driving screws
mixer|plug|UsedFor|can your card used home
coyote|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
arm|finger|PartOf|building
buggy|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
princess|daughter|HasProperty|male
door|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pen|pencil|UsedFor|driving screws
lobster|crab|HasA|shell
porcupine|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
jacket|skirt|AtLocation|foot
lemon|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
shoulder|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
ankle|leg|HasProperty|lower body
coconut|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
arm|shoulder|PartOf|the upper body
camel|bison|IsA|typical pet
accordion|banjo|MadeOf|strings
lobster|octopus|AtLocation|on a farm
salad|butter|MadeOf|cup
horse|donkey|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tuna|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
flea|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
bolts|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
neck|throat|HasProperty|used for tasting
gun|screws|CapableOf|be used in home
kettle|toilet|UsedFor|making food
zebra|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
thigh|ankle|AtLocation|on lower body
celery|onions|IsA|vegetable
son|brother|AtLocation|royal meeting room
rifle|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
crocodile|turtle|AtLocation|in a river 
trombone|piano|HasA|reed to make it work
skunk|hare|HasA|hair/fur
screws|wheel|CapableOf|use electricity
hair|muscle|HasA|bones
knees|ankle|AtLocation|below the waist 
sheep|cow|HasA|horn on head
coconut|cheese|UsedFor|testy
wrist|hand|HasProperty|upper body
eagle|hawk|HasProperty|domesticated
cherry|pear|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
magazine|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
hose|rifle|CapableOf|be used in home
lantern|lamp|UsedFor|wearing
plate|wheel|CapableOf|destroy a building
pants|bag|UsedFor|transporting things
nurse|wife|HasA|a blood relation with you
zebra|lobster|HasA|red shell when cooked
piano|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
wrist|shoulder|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
boat|raft|CapableOf|carry multiple people
snail|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
plug|tape|AtLocation|kitchen
buffalo|elk|HasA|horn
trombone|harpsichord|HasA|reed to make it work
soup|sauce|HasProperty|a liquid
finger|fingers|PartOf|building
tape|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
bolts|hose|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
shoes|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
bike|buggy|UsedFor|land suitable one
cabin|oak|IsA|red home
lemon|orange|CapableOf|delicious
boy|cousin|HasProperty|female
mixer|fan|AtLocation|at an electronics store
house|building|AtLocation|at your home
arm|toe|PartOf|an appendage
tank|scooter|AtLocation|in there
bolts|tape|AtLocation|kitchen
blouse|wheelbarrow|IsA|worn on the lower body
drill|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cat|sheep|CapableOf|be domesticated
guitar|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
squirrel|elk|HasProperty|living in water
trout|eel|HasA|shell
rocker|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
rattlesnake|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
spider|wasp|IsA|insect
pliers|screwdriver|UsedFor|hair
cow|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
strawberry|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
father|daughter|IsA|female
grapefruit|avocado|IsA|word beginning with p
toilet|fridge|UsedFor|making food
sailboat|canoe|HasA|motor
cow|elephant|PartOf|jumping
carpet|curtains|UsedFor|storage
donkey|rabbit|IsA|typical pet
closet|cupboard|CapableOf|be plumbed in
catfish|salmon|AtLocation|in sea
thigh|leg|PartOf|upper body
sled|bike|AtLocation|in water
coyote|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
mother|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
bacon|supper|HasProperty|eaten for breakfast
snail|crocodile|HasA|four feet
foot|shoulder|IsA|plural
magazine|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
camel|rabbit|HasA|hooves
mole|porcupine|HasA|long ears
rope|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
crocodile|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
deck|floor|PartOf|building
beans|corn|IsA|green vegetable 
magazine|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
zebra|camel|HasA|hump
brother|king|IsA|family
fan|rock|CapableOf|provide water
hyena|elephant|AtLocation|in asia or africa
blood|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
arm|thigh|IsA|plural
cello|piano|MadeOf|strings
fridge|colander|MadeOf|steel mostly
tank|tray|HasProperty|circular
king|brother|IsA|direct relation with you
rope|faucet|MadeOf|metal
window|neck|PartOf|room
pear|raspberry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
leopard|hyena|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
birch|broom|IsA|weapon
drill|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
avocado|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
yacht|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
wheel|clamp|HasProperty|round shaped
banana|pear|PartOf|a red the color of
camel|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
candle|lantern|UsedFor|lighting
gun|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cottage|gate|IsA|permanent structure
elk|groundhog|IsA|mammal
inn|church|AtLocation|at your home
leg|neck|AtLocation|on your head
fawn|coyote|IsA|mammal
princess|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
drill|cannon|IsA|firearm
worker|nurse|IsA|female
curtains|bed|CapableOf|contain items
doctor|woman|IsA|family member
rabbit|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
tiger|donkey|IsA|typical pet
window|tower|UsedFor|working with computer
coconut|cherry|HasProperty|green
lobster|crab|HasA|tail
magazine|oven|UsedFor|keeping things cool
cabin|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
clarinet|flute|MadeOf|brass
shoulder|ankle|PartOf|an appendage
inn|house|AtLocation|at your home
bolts|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
forearm|hand|AtLocation|below waist
cod|perch|HasA|shell
butterfly|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
shoes|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
nose|lips|IsA|part of the body
piano|saxophone|IsA|wind instrument
princess|woman|HasProperty|female
skateboard|boat|HasA|wheels
celery|corn|IsA|fruit
tent|cottage|HasA|start with a b
prune|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
ankle|toe|IsA|plural
woman|girlfriend|HasProperty|two syllables
foot|arm|IsA|joint
stick|pen|HasProperty|cutting
mink|metal|IsA|fragile
celery|garlic|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
wheel|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
church|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
princess|sister|HasA|child
bag|trousers|UsedFor|transporting things
worm|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
bean|potatoes|IsA|diary food
wheel|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
grenade|rifle|IsA|hand-held weapon
coconut|orange|MadeOf|juice making
sink|tray|CapableOf|can you sit on it
boy|actress|MadeOf|metal
wrist|forearm|UsedFor|holding an apple
tractor|tank|AtLocation|in water
zebra|tiger|HasA|horn
squirrel|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
pen|stick|HasProperty|cutting
bathroom|window|HasA|diagram on it
moth|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
tiger|cow|HasA| mane (hair on it)
porcupine|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
barn|church|IsA|place to live permanently
frog|horse|HasA|fur
plate|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
frog|camel|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pencil|pen|UsedFor|writing/drawing
dishwasher|kettle|CapableOf|make things cold
curtains|bedroom|UsedFor|lighting
cupboard|blender|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
orange|olive|CapableOf|spices
donkey|deer|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
eel|asparagus|IsA|one syllable word
dishwasher|sink|CapableOf|be held in your hand
pot|bucket|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pony|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
toe|knees|AtLocation|below the waist 
skin|blood|AtLocation|on head
rattlesnake|squirrel|HasA|long ear
neck|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
carpet|sofa|MadeOf|wood
door|kettle|UsedFor|making food
tape|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
deer|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
plug|tape|MadeOf|paper
donkey|pony|IsA|something a farmer would own
cherry|raspberry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
eye|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
closet|door|CapableOf|be plumbed in
turtle|elephant|HasA| 4 limbs
duck|goat|HasProperty|red
pear|plum|IsA|red  or orang
trout|tuna|HasA|red shell when cooked
clamp|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
jeans|socks|AtLocation|on lower body
elephant|horse|IsA|herbivore
banana|grapefruit|PartOf|a red the color of
onions|avocado|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
meat|salad|MadeOf|cup
eye|leg|IsA|on the lower half 
pencil|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
crocodile|alligator|HasA|four feet
nurse|mother|HasA|friends on it
caterpillar|moth|IsA|insect
gun|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
finger|neck|AtLocation|upper body
shoulder|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
lemon|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
pants|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
catfish|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
frog|horse|CapableOf|be domesticated
blender|kettle|PartOf|kitchen appliance
scissors|chisel|MadeOf|writing
wheel|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
tap|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
door|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
goat|cow|AtLocation|pet store
squirrel|hare|HasA|horn
room|bar|UsedFor|working with computer
lemon|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
trousers|jeans|PartOf|lower waistline
skunk|raccoon|IsA|mink
mole|hare|CapableOf|be held 
lobster|zebra|HasA|legs
mackerel|catfish|IsA|one syllable word
worker|doctor|IsA|profession
brother|cousin|HasProperty|a family member
hand|forearm|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
girl|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
guitar|saxophone|IsA|instrument
cigarette|lamp|AtLocation|on neck
fawn|mink|CapableOf|go underground
rock|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
sheep|donkey|HasProperty|fluffy
stereo|tap|UsedFor|can your card used home
lemon|tomato|IsA|fruit
raccoon|mole|IsA|mink
horse|pony|IsA|carnivore 
church|chapel|UsedFor|religious gathering
toe|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
tap|hose|HasA|a type of metal
airplane|bowl|CapableOf|fly
kettle|sink|CapableOf|make things cold
shoulder|thigh|CapableOf|carrying objects
aunt|sister|HasA|child
floor|bathroom|CapableOf|let in air
lemon|cherry|IsA|fruit
bagpipe|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
meat|sauce|AtLocation|in the ground
lobster|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
crayon|scissors|UsedFor|driving screws
comb|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tuna|mackerel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
squirrel|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
rabbit|groundhog|PartOf|herd
rabbit|bison|HasProperty|fluffy
bean|whisky|IsA|diary food
stove|oven|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
leg|tower|PartOf|room
razor|pliers|PartOf|drawing
rattlesnake|butterfly|IsA|plant
cat|worm|AtLocation|nature
fingers|knees|IsA|plural
spatula|razor|PartOf|drawing
seagull|stork|HasA|large wing span
actress|worker|HasProperty|steel
mink|squirrel|IsA|sad
jacket|shirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
raccoon|hare|HasA|long tail
candle|thermometer|UsedFor|wearing
faucet|plug|IsA|related to music 
wife|girl|CapableOf|become pregnant 
inn|bridge|IsA|public building (typically)
drill|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
camel|cat|IsA|something a farmer would own
clarinet|saxophone|HasProperty|single-reed
hut|inn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
chisel|pliers|UsedFor|writing
necklace|tray|CapableOf|generate light
parakeet|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
mirror|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
carpet|wall|MadeOf|wood typically
woodpecker|owl|CapableOf|be a household pet
rocker|rock|MadeOf|metal
necklace|candle|UsedFor|wearing
worm|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
squirrel|mouse|IsA|common pet
typewriter|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
truck|car|CapableOf|carry multiple people
mole|hare|PartOf|herd
ankle|toe|AtLocation|on your head
thigh|ankle|CapableOf|carrying objects
pliers|stick|UsedFor|grooming
thigh|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
uncle|cousin|HasProperty|an older relative
trout|salmon|IsA|water animal
hyena|ox|HasA|antler
brush|razor|CapableOf|print
snail|moth|IsA|colorful 
bedroom|cupboard|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
neck|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
jeans|pants|IsA|piece of clothing
cat|mouse|HasA|eating
dog|donkey|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
meat|milk|UsedFor|desserts
inn|apartment|IsA|component of a home
prune|strawberry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
turtle|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
bed|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
coconut|lemon|PartOf|eating
fingers|hand|PartOf|building
bagpipe|flute|HasA|strings
ship|boat|CapableOf|fly
pen|comb|PartOf|drawing
jeans|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|transporting things
drill|rope|CapableOf|hold water
hyena|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
supper|steak|HasA|meat
shirt|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
hare|raccoon|CapableOf|be held 
brush|stick|HasProperty|cutting
rattlesnake|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
scissors|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
rock|oven|UsedFor|keeping things cool
tap|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
goat|pony|IsA|carnivore 
shoes|jeans|UsedFor|feet protection
toe|thigh|IsA|joint
aunt|girlfriend|HasProperty|a picture of a female
grenade|barrel|IsA|firearm
butter|meat|UsedFor|desserts
cabin|apartment|HasProperty|for the rich
tractor|wheel|MadeOf|metal
sink|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
stereo|plug|UsedFor|dispensing water
bar|ceiling|PartOf|human body
cottage|church|IsA|component of a home
sheep|rabbit|IsA|something a farmer would own
coat|gown|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
princess|actress|IsA|female
rocket|plate|UsedFor|harm
asparagus|chicken|IsA|black and white
door|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
screwdriver|stick|CapableOf|writing
fan|microwave|CapableOf|be use for transportation
parakeet|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
bagpipe|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
drill|hose|IsA|firearm
blouse|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
princess|doctor|IsA|family member
deer|mole|IsA|mammal
orange|avocado|IsA|vegetable
bed|bungalow|HasA|start with a b
cousin|mother|HasProperty|male
typewriter|pencil|PartOf|what is the name of 
sofa|cupboard|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
clock|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
raspberry|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
coat|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
truck|boat|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
tiger|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
mink|mole|IsA|sad
barn|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
ankle|toe|AtLocation|bottom half of body
porcupine|squirrel|IsA|mammal
bike|scooter|HasA|wheels
mackerel|octopus|AtLocation|at sea
horse|camel|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
brush|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
bolts|fan|CapableOf|provide water
spoon|ladle|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
beaver|elk|HasA|hair/fur
hut|inn|IsA|religious place
sandwich|supper|HasA|vegetables
neck|hair|AtLocation|inside
squirrel|mole|IsA|sad
rope|faucet|IsA|related to music 
finger|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
forearm|foot|IsA|plural
rocker|tape|IsA|digital device
gate|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
jacket|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
comb|typewriter|AtLocation|construction site
pear|raspberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
boots|socks|IsA|piece of clothing
arm|elbow|IsA|plural
tray|toaster|CapableOf|hold water
spatula|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
cart|camel|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
pliers|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
plum|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
rocker|microwave|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
chicken|squid|HasA|fins
skin|hair|AtLocation|inside
frog|worm|MadeOf|small animals
snail|cockroach|IsA|insect
boy|doctor|IsA|female (strictly)
lemon|corn|HasProperty|green
tiger|leopard|IsA|has horns
banana|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
clarinet|guitar|IsA|instrument
scissors|comb|MadeOf|writing
ant|wasp|IsA|bug
brow|lips|IsA|(one of five) human senses
arm|neck|UsedFor|holding a cup
steak|soup|HasA|vegetable(s)
wasp|beetle|CapableOf|fly
microwave|sink|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
girl|wife|IsA|car
pen|pencil|PartOf|what is the name of 
tower|floor|AtLocation|above your head in general
spider|snail|IsA|colorful 
corn|beans|IsA|fruit
clamp|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
hose|rope|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
giraffe|cougar|IsA|type of cat
chisel|comb|CapableOf|be used for drawing
stick|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
elk|deer|HasA|antlers or tusks
garlic|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
princess|wife|CapableOf|become pregnant 
camel|bison|HasA|antlers/tusks
tape|rope|UsedFor|water
crayon|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
pear|cherry|HasProperty|sweet
scissors|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
cannon|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
radio|fan|CapableOf|provide water
bacon|supper|HasA|vegetables
plug|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
bowl|ship|HasA|the ability to fly
rifle|cannon|CapableOf|be launched/fired
pants|coat|UsedFor|covering legs
groundhog|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
raft|canoe|AtLocation|on a mountain
freezer|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
fawn|mole|IsA|predator
apartment|inn|IsA|religious place
rope|rock|HasA|a type of metal
rabbit|skunk|UsedFor|swimming
knife|pliers|CapableOf|be used for drawing
shoes|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
actress|aunt|IsA|female
lamb|tomato|MadeOf|something edible
piano|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
goat|rabbit|IsA|n animal
dog|cat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
blouse|shirt|HasA|sleeves
princess|girl|IsA|profession
pen|brush|PartOf|what is your name this
gate|chapel|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
duck|hawk|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
accordion|bagpipe|HasA|keys
cabin|inn|IsA|permanent structure
shotgun|gun|HasA|caterpillar treads
wrist|arm|PartOf|upper body
rock|radio|HasA|a type of metal
cloak|skirt|HasProperty|something that is worn
tiger|cow|UsedFor|riding
toe|foot|PartOf|the images displayed
comb|spatula|CapableOf|writing
rattlesnake|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
floor|window|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
boots|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
hare|raccoon|CapableOf|running fast
gate|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
kite|pelican|CapableOf|fly
tower|room|UsedFor|decoration
brush|pen|CapableOf|print
beans|onions|HasProperty|green (most part)
hand|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
pipe|plate|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
fridge|microwave|CapableOf|be plugged in
doctor|woman|UsedFor|transportation
drill|hose|UsedFor|restraining things
car|tank|HasA|an engine
deer|elk|CapableOf|be held 
doctor|boy|UsedFor|transportation
piano|cello|MadeOf|strings
piano|trumpet|PartOf|strings
apartment|barn|IsA|permanent structure
shrimp|eel|IsA|fish
raspberry|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
crocodile|elephant|HasA|legs
camel|crocodile|IsA|like a cat
princess|wife|PartOf|close blood relative
jeans|pants|AtLocation|above the feet
car|tractor|AtLocation|in there
olive|cherry|UsedFor|testy
mackerel|salmon|HasA|legs
screws|rope|CapableOf|use electricity
plum|cherry|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
zebra|gorilla|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
bolts|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rope|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
plate|pipe|CapableOf|hold water
prune|coconut|IsA|fruit
scarf|mirror|CapableOf|move
tap|radio|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rocker|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
pen|brush|PartOf|what is the name of 
jeans|skirt|UsedFor|covering legs
steak|salad|UsedFor|dinner
car|canoe|UsedFor|eating
car|bike|UsedFor|eating
tiger|camel|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
deer|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
hare|porcupine|AtLocation|underground
toaster|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cat|donkey|HasProperty|fluffy
flute|accordion|HasA|keys
crayon|typewriter|IsA|cuting
crocodile|hyena|IsA|herbivore
bison|camel|UsedFor|riding
gun|rope|CapableOf|be used in home
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
dress|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
tank|cannon|IsA|weapon
turtle|moth|MadeOf|small animals
elephant|camel|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
ankle|bone|IsA|part of the skeleton
tray|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
roof|walls|CapableOf|be opened/closed
forearm|shoulder|HasA|more than one joint
freezer|stove|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
iguana|squirrel|HasA|trunk
brow|lips|CapableOf| taste
squirrel|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
faucet|wheel|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
tray|strainer|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
finger|arm|HasProperty|lower body
ankle|foot|PartOf|lower body
gown|pants|AtLocation|above the feet
dishwasher|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cheetah|cougar|IsA|type of big cat
snail|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
aunt|cousin|HasA|child
hair|skin|PartOf|the images displayed
hawk|duck|HasA|wings
raspberry|peach|HasA|edible skin
ceiling|floor|PartOf|body
bathroom|floor|PartOf|building
boy|worker|IsA|person
brush|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
tap|rock|MadeOf|metal/steel
doctor|princess|IsA|family member
skateboard|wheel|UsedFor|eating
inn|bridge|IsA|religion buildings
mother|woman|PartOf|hospital staff
arm|tower|PartOf|room
tank|cannon|UsedFor|work
clamp|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
gorilla|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
rocket|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
neck|shoulder|IsA|plural
eel|octopus|AtLocation|at sea
butter|chocolate|IsA|meat
coconut|pear|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
stereo|fan|CapableOf|be turned on
stick|brush|IsA|construction tool
goat|horse|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
worker|doctor|HasProperty|male
porcupine|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
squirrel|elephant|CapableOf|jump
coat|dress|AtLocation|on neck
raccoon|mink|CapableOf|hunt other animals
coyote|elk|IsA|mammal
truck|jeep|UsedFor|farming
rabbit|camel|IsA|teeth
catfish|salmon|IsA|card facing left
skateboard|sailboat|HasA|an engine
barn|inn|IsA|religious place
princess|aunt|HasA|green item of clothing
sink|colander|IsA|automatic (works itself)
cannon|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
camel|dog|IsA|something a farmer would own
bone|arm|IsA|part of the skeleton
skunk|mink|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
fawn|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
grenade|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
flea|moth|HasA|walking
pliers|comb|MadeOf|writing
tongue|mouth|HasProperty|used for tasting
tiger|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
mouse|spider|IsA|household pet
chapel|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
truck|boat|HasProperty|consuming fuel
toilet|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
flute|accordion|IsA|brass instrument
rocker|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
mackerel|salmon|HasA|red shell when cooked
rock|rocker|IsA|digital device
jeans|pants|HasA|two seperate pant legs
plate|barrel|UsedFor|building
tiger|cougar|IsA|has horns
pear|grapefruit|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
buffalo|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
trombone|saxophone|CapableOf|be blown into
cherry|banana|HasA|big seed
ant|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
chisel|pliers|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
chisel|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
ceiling|bar|HasA|diagram on it
rabbit|camel|IsA|typical pet
cousin|man|CapableOf|become pregnant 
wasp|beetle|HasA|walking
scissors|brush|CapableOf|be used for hair
blouse|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
nail|ankle|IsA|organ
plum|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
groundhog|porcupine|CapableOf|hunt other animals
fan|faucet|IsA|digital device
wheelbarrow|bag|HasA|sleeves
corn|garlic|HasProperty|green (most part)
pencil|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
strawberry|raspberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
knife|razor|UsedFor|crafts
cupboard|sink|UsedFor|making food
tongue|brow|CapableOf| taste
skateboard|yacht|AtLocation|in there
wheel|pipe|UsedFor|storing wine
bolts|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
window|room|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
comb|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
perch|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
oven|blender|PartOf|kitchen appliance
supper|salad|HasProperty|smaller than your thumb
chicken|lamb|IsA|meat or animal
closet|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
plum|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
worm|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
trumpet|flute|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
blouse|coat|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
squirrel|hare|IsA|herbivore
lime|tomato|IsA|vegetable
butter|sauce|UsedFor|dessert
nail|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
church|hut|IsA|permanent structure
tomato|lemon|HasA|seeds
scarf|clock|UsedFor|wearing
rabbit|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
zebra|chicken|HasA|red shell when cooked
cranberry|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
clarinet|flute|HasA|valves
tower|ceiling|PartOf|body
rabbit|skunk|IsA|otter
spatula|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
goat|lamb|AtLocation|in water
rabbit|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
hose|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
forearm|hand|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
cat|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
wasp|cockroach|IsA|bug
pony|rabbit|UsedFor|a source of milk
church|bridge|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
potatoes|sauce|UsedFor|dessert
rabbit|frog|CapableOf|be domesticated
butterfly|beetle|IsA|slow mover
deck|bar|PartOf|building
knife|brush|PartOf|drawing
cow|goat|HasA|horn on head
cottage|inn|UsedFor|sleeping in
fingers|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
plug|clamp|CapableOf|make sound
hut|barn|IsA|permanent structure
hose|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
giraffe|deer|IsA|predator 
church|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
hut|apartment|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
salad|bean|HasProperty|mainly meat
stove|dishwasher|IsA|electrical appliance
plug|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
bungalow|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
blood|kidney|HasA|bones
cat|cow|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
bike|tractor|AtLocation|in there
eel|asparagus|HasA|fins
lips|throat|CapableOf| taste
coat|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
bone|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
girl|boy|IsA|profession
gate|bed|IsA|permanent structure
mother|worker|IsA|female
otter|hare|IsA|sad
cottage|building|IsA|permanent structure
daughter|sister|AtLocation|in a castle
bolts|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
wall|curtains|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
bison|caribou|IsA|has horns
kettle|tray|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
elephant|tiger|HasA|4 legs
raspberry|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
zebra|bison|IsA|type of big cat
wheelbarrow|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
rope|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
hand|thigh|IsA|plural
sailboat|scooter|UsedFor|eating
bison|ox|CapableOf|hunt for prey
deer|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
blender|kettle|HasProperty|using electricity
bagpipe|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
fawn|coyote|IsA|herbivore
tomato|cherry|IsA|vegetable
squirrel|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
hare|elk|CapableOf|live in water
throat|finger|HasProperty|used affected during make up
horse|cow|CapableOf|be domesticated
porcupine|coyote|IsA|mammal
crayon|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
giraffe|camel|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
garlic|lemon|CapableOf|spices
bolts|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
beetle|ant|CapableOf|flying
pistol|rope|IsA|vessel
snail|caterpillar|HasA|no legs
tuba|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
supper|soup|UsedFor|dinner
necklace|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
eggplant|celery|HasA|any green on it 
roof|tower|IsA|part of a building
bike|yacht|HasA|wheels
boy|man|HasProperty|a female
aunt|girl|IsA|car
rope|bolts|IsA|related to music 
wheelbarrow|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
kidney|blood|AtLocation|on the inside
nurse|man|UsedFor|food
toe|leg|AtLocation|below the waist 
onions|lamb|IsA|food
cupboard|bed|UsedFor|sleep
deer|skunk|HasA|hair/fur
faucet|hose|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
room|bathroom|HasProperty|indoor
necklace|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
skis|bike|UsedFor|land suitable one
fingers|forearm|PartOf|the upper body
spoon|tray|MadeOf|ceramic materials
blender|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
giraffe|zebra|AtLocation|in water
knife|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
necklace|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
banana|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
tower|room|HasProperty|vertical
cow|pony|HasA|hooves
clamp|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
mink|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
princess|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
pencil|pen|PartOf|what is your name this
bathroom|tower|AtLocation|above your head in general
knee|thigh|PartOf|upper body
bed|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
typewriter|stick|UsedFor|drawing or painting
salmon|catfish|IsA|mollusk
accordion|piano|HasA|strings
mole|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
brush|scissors|PartOf|what is the name of 
wife|sister|HasA|green item of clothing
worker|nurse|IsA|person
toe|neck|IsA|plural
nose|tongue|IsA|part of the body
fan|radio|UsedFor|food
blood|ankle|IsA|organ
corn|broccoli|IsA|purple vegetable
barn|church|IsA|permanent structure
squirrel|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
neck|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
bike|boat|UsedFor|single person transport
cod|salmon|IsA|card facing left
cougar|elephant|IsA|predator 
garlic|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
boy|wife|IsA|profession
radio|stereo|UsedFor|mixing audio inputs
pineapple|banana|IsA|physical fruit or veg
mixer|rope|AtLocation|kitchen
boy|girl|IsA|occupation
mole|rattlesnake|AtLocation|underground
oven|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
rattlesnake|cat|HasProperty|an insect
hand|neck|PartOf|upper body
hose|screws|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
walls|ceiling|HasA|diagram on it
pineapple|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
bathroom|room|IsA|body part
skunk|coyote|CapableOf|hunt other animals
eagle|duck|HasA|wings
clamp|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
butterfly|wasp|CapableOf|fly
harmonica|trumpet|HasA|strings
spider|frog|HasA|tail
pliers|drill|CapableOf|to paint
radio|rock|HasA|a type of metal
plug|hose|AtLocation|kitchen
squirrel|ant|MadeOf|small animals
forearm|arm|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
trout|mackerel|HasA|shell
skis|scooter|AtLocation|in there
hyena|cougar|UsedFor|crossing deserts
tape|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
raccoon|rabbit|CapableOf|be held 
yacht|bike|UsedFor|eating
flea|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
potato|tomato|MadeOf|red
catfish|shrimp|AtLocation|at sea
stick|chisel|CapableOf|print
bolts|rope|CapableOf|used in war
kettle|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
tray|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
blood|liver|HasA|bones
bagpipe|trumpet|HasA|keys
mixer|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
skirt|clock|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
house|apartment|IsA|component of a home
raccoon|rabbit|MadeOf|green
shoulder|thigh|UsedFor|a fight
cousin|wife|IsA|male
wheel|plate|CapableOf|used in war
typewriter|screwdriver|PartOf|what is the name of 
wrist|arm|PartOf|lower body
floor|ceiling|UsedFor|defense
skunk|groundhog|IsA|predator
fridge|tray|UsedFor|heating items up
salad|sauce|CapableOf|fry
hose|tap|IsA|digital device
trumpet|bagpipe|HasA|reed to make it work
bolts|stereo|AtLocation|at an electronics store
walls|window|PartOf|house
hyena|elk|MadeOf|a living thing
caribou|giraffe|IsA|herbivore
brush|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
magazine|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
hyena|bison|HasA|antler
bike|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
fan|wheel|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
brother|father|IsA|royalty
cupboard|fridge|UsedFor|heating items up
elbow|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
barrel|grenade|IsA|vessel
woman|girl|PartOf|hospital staff
microwave|rocker|MadeOf|steel
fridge|dishwasher|HasA|electrical parts
tent|cabin|HasA|start with a b
hand|arm|HasA|foot attached 
bolts|pipe|IsA|firearm
hyena|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
arm|finger|IsA|joint
wasp|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
butterfly|snail|IsA|bug
stick|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
crayon|pencil|PartOf|what is the name of 
pear|plum|HasA|edible skin (usually)
kite|pigeon|CapableOf|fly
elephant|cart|HasA|long neck
bagpipe|accordion|HasA|keys
paintbrush|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
elephant|camel|AtLocation|typically europe
magazine|oven|CapableOf|working
cannon|grenade|HasProperty|tiger
plate|screws|CapableOf|be used in home
gorilla|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
cottage|inn|HasProperty|for the rich
cheetah|gorilla|HasA|horn
broccoli|onions|IsA|fruit
mink|plastic|IsA|fragile
fan|wheel|IsA|related to music 
falcon|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
brush|pliers|MadeOf|writing
pony|donkey|IsA|typical pet
mink|rabbit|IsA|mammal
neck|leg|IsA|part of a building
scissors|knife|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
car|wheel|HasA|two rows of seats
woman|girlfriend|HasProperty|a picture of a female
trousers|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
forearm|shoulder|MadeOf|upper body parts
tape|stereo|MadeOf|metal
cigarette|thermometer|CapableOf|generate light
spatula|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
wife|actress|HasProperty|male
pipe|drill|UsedFor|harm
barrel|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
buffalo|zebra|IsA|like a cat
stereo|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
gate|bridge|HasA|roof
accordion|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
trombone|flute|UsedFor|blowing
cannon|rocket|IsA|vessel
salad|supper|HasProperty|two syllables
raspberry|prune|IsA|berry
tank|buggy|UsedFor|farming
foot|ankle|IsA|plural
toe|knee|AtLocation|below waist
room|ceiling|HasProperty|vertical
jeans|pants|AtLocation|on lower body
room|ceiling|UsedFor|defense
squirrel|rabbit|HasA|horn
skateboard|tank|UsedFor|eating
brow|lips|HasProperty|used affected during make up
shoulder|elbow|IsA|limb
cod|mackerel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
harp|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
pelican|duck|IsA|bird of prey
elephant|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
snail|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
leg|bone|HasA|bones
rattlesnake|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
rock|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
bowl|helicopter|AtLocation|on water
tank|drill|CapableOf|transport liquids
toaster|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
car|bike|AtLocation|in there
hair|skin|IsA|limb
actress|girlfriend|HasA|a blood relation with you
wine|milk|HasProperty|a liquid
clock|chandelier|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
mole|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
jeep|buggy|UsedFor|eating
trombone|clarinet|IsA|instrument
squid|eel|IsA|water animal
toilet|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
buzzard|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
pencil|paintbrush|CapableOf|writing
spider|cockroach|HasProperty|an insect
harp|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
razor|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
spider|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
arm|finger|HasProperty|plural
clamp|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
eel|shrimp|IsA|fish
walls|window|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
stick|knife|PartOf|drawing
grenade|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
goat|lamb|IsA|food
stereo|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
girl|nurse|UsedFor|food
camel|horse|HasA|fur
kite|vulture|HasA|wings
sink|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
grapefruit|banana|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
walls|bar|HasProperty|indoor
tank|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
eagle|kite|CapableOf|fly
uncle|daughter|IsA|royalty
bathroom|roof|UsedFor|decoration
knife|brush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
wheel|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
mirror|necklace|UsedFor|lighting
cow|deer|HasA|fur
dishwasher|bed|UsedFor|making food
spatula|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
cow|goat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tuba|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
soup|beer|HasProperty|a liquid
jeans|jacket|IsA|typically female clothing item
onions|eggplant|UsedFor|cleaning
dog|frog|AtLocation|pet store
mole|mink|IsA|herbivore
screws|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
cigarette|lamp|UsedFor|camping gear
worm|beetle|HasProperty|an insect
window|fingers|PartOf|house
stereo|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
woman|girlfriend|IsA|profession/title
microwave|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
forearm|neck|IsA|plural
plum|grapefruit|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
jeep|tractor|CapableOf|carry multiple people
blender|dishwasher|CapableOf|scoop things
wrist|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
skunk|hare|HasA|hooves
plum|prune|IsA|long fruit
cow|sheep|UsedFor|riding
fingers|finger|HasProperty|related with hand
hawk|starling|HasA|large wingspan
walls|roof|IsA|body part
saxophone|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
cigarette|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
coat|dress|IsA|worn on the lower body
celery|cucumber|IsA|vegetable
lemon|orange|HasProperty|green
grenade|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
arm|wrist|PartOf|lower body
tent|house|IsA|relatively small
clamp|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
man|mother|IsA|person
rope|barrel|UsedFor|daily usage 
apartment|inn|HasProperty|made of concrete
eggplant|beans|HasProperty|needs peeling
duck|starling|HasA|large wingspan
boots|pants|PartOf|lower waistline
hose|fan|MadeOf|metal/steel
pistol|gun|CapableOf|used in war
donkey|frog|CapableOf|be domesticated
rattlesnake|raccoon|HasA|long ear
cousin|aunt|IsA|younger person
steak|bacon|UsedFor|dinner
building|hut|AtLocation|at your home
gun|grenade|UsedFor|work
banana|pear|IsA|berry
canoe|wheel|HasA|an engine
tent|church|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
fingers|arm|PartOf|house
lamp|chandelier|UsedFor|camping gear
butterfly|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
nurse|worker|HasProperty|a picture of a female
girlfriend|girl|HasProperty|royalty
pear|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
bison|hyena|HasA|antler
wrist|forearm|HasProperty|upper body
blouse|dress|HasProperty|worn on the neck
snail|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
crayon|stick|CapableOf|print
bison|deer|HasA|hooves
bean|supper|HasA|vegetable(s)
banjo|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
plug|mixer|CapableOf|work without electricity
sink|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
sugar|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
thigh|leg|CapableOf|carrying objects
carpet|bed|UsedFor|lighting
screwdriver|drill|AtLocation|construction site
caterpillar|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
willow|broom|IsA|weapon 
girlfriend|father|IsA|profession
plum|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
harpsichord|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
son|cousin|IsA|title
lantern|mirror|UsedFor|providing light
butterfly|caterpillar|HasA|walking
sink|kettle|CapableOf|scoop things
yacht|tank|UsedFor|farming
hare|mole|IsA|mammal
cousin|worker|IsA|car
toe|foot|IsA|joint
hare|mink|AtLocation|carnivorous
crayon|brush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
nail|liver|HasA|bones
eye|ankle|IsA|on the lower half 
salmon|eel|HasA|name beginning with c
daughter|father|IsA|direct relation
gown|bag|AtLocation|on your upper torso
pants|trousers|UsedFor|by mainly women
grapefruit|pineapple|HasA|usually inedible skin
nail|body|AtLocation|below your waist
trumpet|cello|UsedFor|sound
pencil|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
daughter|worker|HasProperty|a picture of a female
pliers|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
girlfriend|mother|IsA|family member
tower|room|PartOf|garage
rope|tape|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
chocolate|salad|IsA|diary food
screws|bolts|IsA|vessel
bolts|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
guitar|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
nail|arm|AtLocation|on your head
stereo|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
sandwich|salad|HasA|vegetables
mackerel|eel|HasA|name beginning with c
body|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
chocolate|butter|CapableOf|fry
fridge|dishwasher|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
tuna|salmon|IsA|name begging with c
grapefruit|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
cranberry|raspberry|AtLocation|be found on a bush
rattlesnake|alligator|HasProperty|dangerous
raccoon|skunk|AtLocation|on tree
cow|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
mole|beaver|IsA|mammal
wrist|hand|PartOf|pair/no more than two
jeep|car|HasA|wheels
mole|rabbit|HasA|hair/fur
rope|fan|MadeOf|metal/steel
radio|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
flea|caterpillar|IsA|insect
mink|rabbit|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
shoulder|hand|MadeOf|upper body parts
lantern|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
oven|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
rifle|grenade|HasA|trigger
king|daughter|IsA|family member
crocodile|frog|UsedFor|riding
brother|son|IsA|direct relation with you
sailboat|boat|HasA|wheels
mirror|lantern|AtLocation|on neck
lantern|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
porcupine|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cannon|screws|UsedFor|shooting
bolts|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
guitar|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
deck|walls|IsA|part of a building
squirrel|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
ceiling|tower|HasProperty|vertical
lamb|goat|IsA|meat or animal
kettle|freezer|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
buffalo|cheetah|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
mother|girl|IsA|noun
coat|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
drill|chisel|PartOf|drawing
bike|skateboard|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
cigarette|necklace|UsedFor|a light source
cow|frog|IsA|something a farmer would own
spatula|knife|CapableOf|print
wasp|cockroach|CapableOf|fly
rocket|wheel|CapableOf|transport liquids
eye|bone|IsA|limb
caterpillar|snail|HasProperty|typically able to fly
accordion|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
elbow|toe|AtLocation|inside
tent|apartment|IsA|relatively small
tractor|skis|AtLocation|in there
bike|skis|UsedFor|single person transport
beans|celery|IsA|fruit
plug|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rabbit|sheep|UsedFor|food products
worm|caterpillar|IsA|bug
banana|prune|IsA|more than one fruit
drill|hose|UsedFor|harm
hose|rope|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
oven|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
camel|crocodile|HasA|fur
giraffe|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
skateboard|scooter|UsedFor|land suitable one
princess|actress|HasProperty|older than you
boots|dress|UsedFor|feet protection
raft|sled|UsedFor|riding on water
rope|hose|UsedFor|can your card used home
harpsichord|cello|HasA|keys
elk|caribou|HasProperty|called reindeer in eurasia
trumpet|cello|HasA|keys
bison|giraffe|IsA|predator 
shoulder|elbow|PartOf|the lower body
bike|skateboard|UsedFor|snow
fan|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rocker|tap|CapableOf|be turned on
wasp|ant|IsA|bug
jacket|coat|HasA|sleeves
bedroom|bed|CapableOf|open/close
mink|skunk|IsA|mammal
sandwich|supper|HasProperty|eaten for breakfast
nail|skin|HasA|bones
doctor|actress|IsA|family member
pelican|falcon|HasA|start with a p
elbow|toe|CapableOf|carrying objects
sugar|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
coconut|olive|MadeOf|juice making
toe|ankle|AtLocation|below the knee
raft|canoe|HasA|an engine
scissors|comb|CapableOf|be used for drawing
bison|camel|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tap|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
jacket|robe|HasProperty|something that is worn
gorilla|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
clamp|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
walls|room|PartOf|a house
bathroom|ceiling|HasProperty|enclosed
arm|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
bungalow|bridge|HasA|start with a b
wheel|rocket|CapableOf|transport liquids
cat|dog|HasA|horn on head
neck|fingers|PartOf|pair
jeans|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
bag|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
skirt|trousers|PartOf|lower waistline
body|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
cottage|bed|IsA|red home
pear|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
trout|perch|IsA|mollusk
gate|bridge|IsA|religion buildings
trout|catfish|HasA|legs/tentacles 
neck|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
clamp|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
plug|tap|UsedFor|can your card used home
pants|skirt|IsA|item of clothing
mother|cousin|IsA|male
roof|bar|IsA|body part
balloon|helicopter|IsA| mode of transportation 
lamb|goat|MadeOf|red
bolts|rope|IsA|vessel
ship|saucer|HasA|the ability to fly
cousin|father|HasProperty|a family member
fawn|squirrel|IsA|predator
squirrel|mink|IsA|mammal
blender|dishwasher|IsA|electrical appliance
beaver|skunk|HasA|long ear
skirt|jeans|HasProperty|worn below the waist
butterfly|wasp|CapableOf|sting
elephant|cat|CapableOf|jump
salad|sandwich|HasProperty|eaten for breakfast
rattlesnake|moth|HasA|walking
pony|sheep|IsA|carnivore 
falcon|dove|HasProperty|a predator
avocado|raspberry|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
actress|man|CapableOf|bear a child
pipe|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
plum|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
grapefruit|orange|HasA|usually inedible skin
pencil|razor|CapableOf|print
paintbrush|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
crab|zebra|HasA|fins
bowl|saucer|UsedFor|transportation in water
corn|olive|HasProperty|green
raccoon|hare|MadeOf|green
typewriter|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
candle|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
hose|screws|HasA|number on it
clarinet|banjo|MadeOf|strings
bar|floor|HasA|diagram on it
crab|eel|HasA|red shell when cooked
gun|grenade|MadeOf|wood (partially)
chapel|inn|UsedFor|relaxing
moth|beetle|CapableOf|fly
elephant|iguana|HasA|a shell
bolts|hose|CapableOf|make sound
strawberry|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
mother|actress|HasA|pay check
shoes|skirt|IsA|piece of clothing
foot|leg|AtLocation|below waist
closet|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
ant|frog|CapableOf|flying
mole|groundhog|AtLocation|underground
paintbrush|pencil|UsedFor|driving screws
neck|ankle|AtLocation|inside
violin|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
screws|bolts|CapableOf|be launched/fired
doctor|worker|IsA|female
rock|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
doctor|father|HasProperty|male
saxophone|clarinet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
gorilla|crocodile|HasA|antlers/tusks
man|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
eggplant|avocado|UsedFor|cleaning
mother|daughter|PartOf|close blood relative
garlic|lime|CapableOf|bitter
bridge|tent|IsA|religious place
bathroom|bar|PartOf|human body
wheel|bolts|IsA|electric 
cod|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
nose|mouth|IsA|(one of five) human senses
tank|plate|IsA|firearm
strawberry|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
chisel|scissors|CapableOf|print
squirrel|spider|IsA|household pet
camel|donkey|IsA|teeth
supper|salad|MadeOf|bread
cigarette|thermometer|UsedFor|lighting
cow|horse|HasA|hooves
frog|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
celery|avocado|HasProperty|green (most part)
stick|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
church|barn|IsA|permanent structure
cottage|barn|IsA|red home
snail|frog|AtLocation|nature
cathedral|inn|HasA| place for worship
nail|toe|IsA|limb
sugar|potatoes|IsA|diary food
tuna|zebra|IsA|mollusk
blender|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pliers|pen|CapableOf|print
crocodile|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
frog|donkey|UsedFor|food products
foot|finger|IsA|plural
tape|bolts|IsA|related to music 
coyote|fawn|IsA|herbivore
prune|strawberry|IsA|fruit
fawn|groundhog|HasA|hair/fur
clock|tray|UsedFor|lighting
jeans|dress|AtLocation|foot
giraffe|zebra|HasA|tail
tank|pipe|HasA|round shape
chocolate|sandwich|IsA|diary food
inn|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
princess|girl|IsA|family member
pepper|beans|IsA|vegetable
meat|salad|CapableOf|fry
flute|guitar|HasA|strings
forearm|arm|UsedFor|holding a cup
blender|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
sink|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
kite|seagull|HasA|large wingspan
harmonica|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
dress|shoes|UsedFor|feet protection
nurse|actress|IsA|head
porcupine|mole|HasProperty|originated from north america
actress|wife|IsA|family member
scissors|spatula|UsedFor|writing
cherry|cranberry|HasA|edible skin
pliers|brush|CapableOf|writing
girlfriend|actress|HasProperty|exclusively female
freezer|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
gate|cottage|IsA|public building (typically)
skateboard|bike|HasA|wheels
throat|finger|CapableOf| taste
brush|pencil|PartOf|what is the name of 
wife|girl|IsA|profession
trombone|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
eel|trout|IsA|water animal
rabbit|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
pants|trousers|HasProperty|covering the legs
jacket|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
forearm|wrist|AtLocation|in your upper body
clarinet|tuba|IsA|wind instrument
prune|pear|PartOf|a red the color of
bathroom|walls|PartOf|room
skirt|dress|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
hand|leg|PartOf|body
spear|spade|HasProperty|alive
zebra|crab|HasA|red shell when cooked
beaver|skunk|IsA|mammal
foot|toe|PartOf|lower body
stick|drill|CapableOf|to paint
pants|jeans|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
arm|ankle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
wine|liquor|HasProperty|alcoholic
room|window|CapableOf|be opened/closed
girl|woman|IsA|family member
potato|lamb|HasProperty|red
goat|onions|MadeOf|something edible
wine|steak|IsA|diary food
ladle|spoon|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
shotgun|grenade|CapableOf|be held in a hand
catfish|squid|HasA|shell
robe|umbrella|HasProperty|something that is worn
tap|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
nurse|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
raccoon|skunk|HasA|long ears
raspberry|grapefruit|PartOf|a red the color of
raccoon|skunk|IsA|mink
beaver|hare|CapableOf|be held 
sandwich|sugar|IsA|diary food
tray|toaster|AtLocation|on a countertop
elephant|bison|HasA|horns 
deer|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
girl|worker|MadeOf|metal
stereo|mixer|UsedFor|water
princess|girl|CapableOf|become pregnant 
cello|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
mole|skunk|IsA|herbivore
house|gate|IsA|religious place
typewriter|crayon|PartOf|what is your name this
fan|oven|UsedFor|keeping things cool
neck|body|AtLocation|on your head
jacket|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
stereo|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
plate|rocket|CapableOf|transport liquids
neck|window|PartOf|room
trout|salmon|CapableOf|come in a tin
turtle|frog|HasProperty|an insect
olive|garlic|CapableOf|spices
aunt|wife|HasProperty|male
flea|cat|IsA|colorful 
bison|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
skunk|coyote|HasA|hooves
floor|roof|CapableOf|be opened/closed
donkey|camel|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
perch|shrimp|AtLocation|on a farm
tape|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
birch|pine|IsA|tool
boat|skis|UsedFor|single person transport
mother|princess|IsA|sibling
pineapple|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
door|toaster|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
nurse|woman|IsA|female
sheep|deer|HasA| mane (hair on it)
groundhog|beaver|CapableOf|hunt other animals
father|brother|IsA|direct relation
rattlesnake|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
bike|tractor|MadeOf|metal
beetle|ant|IsA|plant
wheel|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
eagle|pelican|HasA|start with a p
violin|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
house|building|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
zebra|tiger|IsA|type of cat
dress|bag|AtLocation|on your upper torso
barrel|plate|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
gun|shotgun|HasA|finger trigger
room|ceiling|HasProperty|enclosed
rabbit|hare|CapableOf|be held 
flute|saxophone|MadeOf|wood
screwdriver|stick|PartOf|drawing
dress|jacket|UsedFor|feet
door|curtains|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
drill|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
finger|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
peach|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
mole|raccoon|IsA|predator
perch|cod|CapableOf|come in a tin
boat|car|IsA|powered vehicle
sugar|salad|CapableOf|fry
fridge|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cottage|tent|HasProperty|part of a plane
rattlesnake|turtle|HasA|walking
screwdriver|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
arm|hand|PartOf|the upper body
rabbit|deer|UsedFor|a source of milk
frog|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
elbow|forearm|HasProperty|upper body
rocket|rope|IsA|vessel
kettle|fridge|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
fridge|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
woman|worker|MadeOf|metal
rattlesnake|elephant|CapableOf|be found in the water
raft|yacht|HasA|wheels
pony|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
fan|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
falcon|eagle|HasA|large wing span
bike|scooter|PartOf|bicycle
shoes|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
man|nurse|IsA|female (strictly)
pants|trousers|HasA|wheel
prune|pear|IsA|word beginning with p
worm|butterfly|HasProperty|an insect
perch|tuna|HasA|shell
snail|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
hose|pipe|IsA|vessel
wrist|finger|HasProperty|lower body
apartment|barn|PartOf|set of furniture
girl|nurse|HasProperty|steel
rope|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
apartment|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
woman|cousin|IsA|car
fan|microwave|MadeOf|maybe
mink|groundhog|IsA|mammal
banjo|cello|HasA|neck
asparagus|tuna|IsA|mollusk
perch|tuna|IsA|mollusk
bolts|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
garlic|cherry|IsA|fruit
girlfriend|mother|IsA|female
crocodile|elephant|HasA| 4 limbs
cockroach|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
pine|birch|IsA|tree
cockroach|snail|IsA|bug
building|bedroom|HasA|start with a b
spider|flea|IsA|insect
skunk|beaver|HasA|hooves
tray|lamp|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
radio|rock|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
beaver|mole|HasProperty|living in water
kite|eagle|PartOf|wild life
inn|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
rocker|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
knife|chisel|UsedFor|crafts
trombone|bagpipe|HasA|keys
walls|floor|PartOf|room
candle|chandelier|UsedFor|wearing
wheel|bike|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
rattlesnake|worm|IsA|plant
plug|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
eye|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
forearm|hand|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
brow|neck|IsA|part of the body
crocodile|leopard|IsA|has horns
pelican|duck|CapableOf|fly
mother|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
screws|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
tap|bolts|CapableOf|make sound
wrist|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
tiger|cat|HasA|fur
trout|perch|HasA|shell
leg|forearm|IsA|joint
radio|rope|MadeOf|metal
fan|magazine|IsA|digital device
grenade|rocket|UsedFor|bullets
neck|nose|CapableOf| taste
parakeet|kite|HasA|large wing span
eel|squid|IsA|water animal
plate|hose|UsedFor|shooting
ant|worm|HasA|walking
window|roof|PartOf|room
harpsichord|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
elk|mink|CapableOf|go underground
faucet|clamp|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
dishwasher|kettle|HasProperty|using electricity
lobster|tuna|IsA|water animal
wrist|neck|MadeOf|a whole body part
brush|spatula|MadeOf|writing
worker|girl|IsA|job or profession
snail|worm|HasA|walking
deer|fawn|HasA|hair/fur
cherry|pear|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
typewriter|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
porcupine|hare|HasProperty|living in water
worm|wasp|IsA|colorful 
elk|rabbit|HasA|hair/fur
mouth|brow|PartOf|face
sandwich|soup|IsA|liquid
cat|cow|CapableOf|be domesticated
hose|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
ankle|nail|AtLocation|on head
jacket|trousers|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
truck|jeep|HasA|an engine
accordion|banjo|HasA|keys
cottage|cabin|HasProperty|a place where people live
spider|mouse|HasProperty|four-legged
cockroach|spider|HasProperty|an insect
cranberry|coconut|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
trumpet|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
window|room|PartOf|a house
neck|leg|PartOf|house
truck|tank|UsedFor|eating
tap|clamp|MadeOf|metal
rocker|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rattlesnake|beetle|CapableOf|flying
hut|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
rocker|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
flea|frog|IsA|colorful 
cod|squid|AtLocation|at sea
crayon|typewriter|PartOf|what is the name of 
rattlesnake|squirrel|HasA|a shell
garlic|beans|HasProperty|green (most part)
cabin|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
stereo|fan|AtLocation|at an electronics store
lantern|tray|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
dishwasher|blender|CapableOf|keep food fresh
piano|flute|UsedFor|sound
strawberry|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
bolts|clamp|MadeOf|metal/steel
magazine|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
nurse|doctor|IsA|family member
turtle|flea|CapableOf|flying
rope|drill|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
woman|worker|IsA|job or profession
bathroom|walls|IsA|part of a building
rope|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
sink|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
microwave|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pencil|typewriter|PartOf|what is your name this
muscle|blood|HasA|bones
pen|crayon|UsedFor|writing
pony|dog|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
pipe|barrel|PartOf|any of various units of 
gown|jeans|UsedFor|covering legs
dog|bison|HasA| mane (hair on it)
house|cabin|HasA|start with a b
lamb|chicken|HasProperty|red
blood|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
pony|horse|UsedFor|a source of milk
tap|hose|MadeOf|metal
beetle|caterpillar|IsA|bug
faucet|tap|CapableOf|provide water
car|boat|UsedFor|farming
pants|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
accordion|trombone|UsedFor|sound
pants|skirt|HasA|sleeves
skirt|dress|UsedFor|by mainly women
caribou|camel|CapableOf|carry a adult human
typewriter|spatula|UsedFor|drawing or painting
horse|dog|IsA|teeth
cockroach|flea|HasProperty|an insect
butterfly|moth|CapableOf|flying
bison|deer|HasA|horn or antler
son|prince|IsA|male
garlic|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
deck|tower|PartOf|house
zebra|eel|IsA|mollusk
ceiling|room|HasProperty|indoor
ant|caterpillar|IsA|slow mover
lobster|cod|HasA|red shell when cooked
cherry|prune|IsA|more than one fruit
woman|nurse|HasProperty|steel
mixer|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
lime|coconut|MadeOf|juice making
sister|princess|HasA|green item of clothing
squirrel|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
mole|rabbit|CapableOf|be held 
perch|salmon|IsA|fish
mirror|lantern|IsA|home appliance
fridge|stove|CapableOf|be plugged in
hare|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
wheel|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
drill|barrel|IsA|firearm
chisel|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
actress|princess|AtLocation|in a castle
rifle|gun|HasProperty|made for violence
buffalo|tiger|IsA|has horns
magazine|rock|MadeOf|metal
tuna|cod|IsA|card facing left
boat|sled|CapableOf|be used on snow
stereo|plug|MadeOf|metal
avocado|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
ankle|foot|PartOf|upper body
skin|hair|IsA|limb
sheep|rabbit|HasA| mane (hair on it)
scissors|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
rifle|gun|UsedFor|bullets
skunk|groundhog|IsA|mammal
dove|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
finger|throat|AtLocation|below mouth
mackerel|tuna|HasA|red shell when cooked
tomato|potato|HasProperty|furry
arm|body|HasA|bones
rock|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
forearm|neck|UsedFor|holding a cup
piano|flute|HasA|keys
chandelier|necklace|UsedFor|lighting
harpsichord|clarinet|HasA|strings
rope|screws|HasA|number on it
sack|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
plug|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
clamp|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
bathroom|ceiling|HasProperty|vertical
boots|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
pen|scissors|IsA|cuting
walls|bathroom|HasProperty|enclosed
pistol|gun|CapableOf|be used one-handed
cod|perch|IsA|card facing left
body|ankle|AtLocation|on head
fridge|rock|UsedFor|food
actress|worker|UsedFor|transportation
building|bungalow|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
ankle|skin|AtLocation|inside
flute|trombone|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
walls|window|AtLocation|in your apartment
plum|cherry|HasA|(usually) edible skin
strawberry|coconut|HasA|stone 
ceiling|floor|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
lamb|duck|IsA|meat or animal
squid|asparagus|IsA|fish
butter|potatoes|MadeOf|cup
princess|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
cow|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
floor|walls|PartOf|house
rocker|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
guitar|saxophone|HasA|keys
buggy|car|UsedFor|delivering parcels
bagpipe|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
clamp|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
ant|spider|IsA|bug
tap|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
kettle|tray|UsedFor|making food
sparrow|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
cherry|raspberry|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
helicopter|boat|CapableOf|transport ships
seagull|buzzard|CapableOf|be a household pet
piano|guitar|IsA|instrument
barrel|grenade|UsedFor|work
cherry|raspberry|HasA|big seed
shotgun|tank|HasProperty|tiger
typewriter|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
boy|girl|IsA|head
ankle|elbow|IsA|part of the skeleton
plum|cherry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
brow|nose|PartOf|face
ankle|knee|AtLocation|below waist
elephant|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
cow|horse|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
shirt|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
spider|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
willow|broom|IsA|tree
saucer|airplane|IsA| mode of transportation 
pen|paintbrush|CapableOf|make holes 
flea|spider|IsA|bug
bungalow|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
leg|elbow|AtLocation|inside
prune|coconut|IsA|physical fruit or veg
stove|kettle|UsedFor|heating items up
rabbit|bison|HasA|fur
dove|seagull|HasA|large wing span
elk|elephant|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
forearm|elbow|HasA|nails
bed|kettle|UsedFor|making food
inn|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
potatoes|sauce|IsA|diary food
beetle|turtle|PartOf|water
horse|elephant|IsA|herbivore
beetle|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
fridge|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
rock|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
socks|jacket|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
raspberry|prune|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
fingers|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
flea|wasp|IsA|insect
grapefruit|cherry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
sack|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
knee|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
potatoes|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
window|tower|HasProperty|enclosed
whisky|beer|IsA|alcohol
cat|wasp|IsA|colorful 
rabbit|goat|IsA|animal
aunt|cousin|HasA|blood relation with you
nail|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
porcupine|mole|CapableOf|hunt other animals
rabbit|pony|IsA|typical pet
faucet|tape|IsA|related to music 
sandwich|bean|UsedFor|dinner
cat|ant|IsA|colorful 
woman|worker|IsA|female
brush|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
roof|walls|UsedFor|decoration
tap|rope|MadeOf|paper
uncle|brother|IsA|man
duck|goat|IsA|fruit or vegetable
perch|lobster|IsA|mollusk
rocker|mixer|CapableOf|be turned on
pipe|plate|UsedFor|shooting
arm|wrist|PartOf|pair/no more than two
pencil|crayon|MadeOf|graphite
brush|knife|CapableOf|be used for drawing
skin|neck|AtLocation|inside
window|floor|PartOf|building
rocker|magazine|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
brother|uncle|IsA|family
cigarette|lamp|HasProperty|makes light
forearm|elbow|UsedFor|holding a cup
pants|jeans|UsedFor|covering legs
fridge|oven|UsedFor|food
boy|doctor|IsA|car
rocker|tap|UsedFor|a vehicle
hare|deer|HasProperty|living in water
doctor|princess|IsA|male
bison|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
elephant|crocodile|IsA|teeth
mink|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
onions|orange|HasProperty|green
actress|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
bolts|rope|UsedFor|a vehicle
salad|sandwich|HasProperty|two syllables
bike|wheel|HasA|circular component 
harp|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
broccoli|olive|IsA|fruit
rabbit|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
bolts|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
toilet|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
skirt|jacket|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
mixer|radio|UsedFor|entertainment
neck|forearm|AtLocation|in your upper body
prune|grapefruit|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
trout|perch|HasA|fins
radio|hose|MadeOf|metal
garlic|lime|UsedFor|testy
tape|plug|MadeOf|steel mainly
screws|pipe|CapableOf|be used in home
chandelier|lamp|HasProperty|something to be worn
rope|plug|CapableOf|make sound
wheel|tape|CapableOf|provide water
banana|cherry|PartOf|group or bunch 
garlic|corn|HasProperty|green (most part)
corn|coconut|HasA|seeds
screwdriver|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cupboard|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
tray|door|IsA|electrical appliance
cupboard|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
sink|blender|CapableOf|scoop things
nose|tongue|PartOf|face
harmonica|trumpet|HasA|keys
window|bathroom|PartOf|building
salad|butter|UsedFor|desserts
cupboard|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
woman|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
cat|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
knife|spatula|UsedFor|drawing or painting
crab|cod|AtLocation|at sea
sofa|bed|UsedFor|storage
steak|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
thigh|shoulder|CapableOf|carrying objects
dog|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
chandelier|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
caterpillar|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
typewriter|pliers|HasA|sharp edge
rocket|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
boy|father|HasProperty|female
fan|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
scissors|comb|CapableOf|be used for hair
jeep|yacht|MadeOf|metal
microwave|blender|IsA|electrical appliance
pen|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
camel|tiger|HasProperty|fluffy
boots|jeans|AtLocation|on lower body
plum|raspberry|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
deck|tower|PartOf|human body
kettle|fridge|HasProperty|consuming electricity
wrist|shoulder|HasProperty|bendable
boy|girl|IsA|job or profession
skunk|paper|IsA|fragile
trumpet|harmonica|IsA|wind instrument
cherry|olive|PartOf|eating
horse|sheep|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
blouse|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
man|cousin|HasProperty|a profession
salad|sugar|CapableOf|fry
finger|forearm|AtLocation|in your upper body
leg|hand|IsA|plural
alligator|iguana|HasA| 4 limbs
banana|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
tiger|crocodile|HasProperty|carnivorous
alligator|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
garlic|broccoli|IsA|fruit
bathroom|ceiling|AtLocation|at ground level
cranberry|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
cow|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
roof|bathroom|PartOf|garage
clamp|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
jacket|dress|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
bolts|faucet|AtLocation|kitchen
crayon|paintbrush|UsedFor|driving screws
boat|truck|IsA|powered vehicle
finger|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
door|sofa|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
princess|mother|HasProperty|male
skirt|boots|AtLocation|on lower body
neck|finger|PartOf|room
garlic|beans|IsA|green vegetable 
bike|skateboard|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
roof|tower|PartOf|room
garlic|cherry|PartOf|eating
squirrel|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
closet|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
screws|strainer|PartOf|any of various units of 
drill|comb|PartOf|drawing
finger|roof|PartOf|house
rabbit|hare|IsA|sad
banana|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
prune|pear|HasProperty|red
rocker|stereo|UsedFor|music related entertainment
bison|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
worm|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
mother|girl|UsedFor|food
pipe|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
jeep|buggy|UsedFor|delivering parcels
princess|actress|HasProperty|exclusively female
pipe|pistol|CapableOf|be used in home
arm|finger|HasA|more than one joint
pencil|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cat|worm|MadeOf|small animals
tray|cupboard|CapableOf|be plumbed in
oven|microwave|UsedFor|heating items up
turtle|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
wife|aunt|IsA|male
hair|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
radio|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
supper|salad|HasA|meat
brush|typewriter|IsA|cuting
lantern|scarf|CapableOf|move
snail|squirrel|IsA|amphibian
hut|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
otter|raccoon|IsA|sad
stereo|bolts|MadeOf|metal
gun|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
inn|tent|IsA|religious place
mole|mink|IsA|sad
groundhog|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
neck|arm|PartOf|the upper body
tray|barrel|CapableOf|destroy a building
girl|woman|IsA|job or profession
kite|stork|HasA|large wing span
crocodile|rabbit|UsedFor|human transport
bar|bathroom|UsedFor|working with computer
hyena|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
mixer|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
lobster|eel|IsA|black and white
pistol|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
tent|house|HasProperty|for the rich
ship|jet|HasA|the ability to fly
girlfriend|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
dress|jacket|AtLocation|on your upper torso
daughter|sister|PartOf|close blood relative
bacon|steak|HasA|vegetables
pear|orange|HasA|single hard pit
camel|horse|CapableOf|fly
boots|trousers|PartOf|lower waistline
wasp|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
ant|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
oven|rock|UsedFor|keeping things cool
sofa|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
jeans|trousers|PartOf|pair
jeep|tractor|AtLocation|in there
potato|chicken|MadeOf|something edible
corn|eggplant|HasProperty|needs peeling
tuna|mackerel|CapableOf|come in a tin
piano|trombone|HasA|strings
bison|hyena|IsA|violent creature
ceiling|window|UsedFor|tiling
raspberry|grapefruit|HasProperty|red
dove|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
rope|tape|MadeOf|paper
eel|lobster|AtLocation|on a farm
woodpecker|seagull|HasA|large wing span
room|bar|HasProperty|vertical
mixer|tap|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
cranberry|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
fawn|coyote|AtLocation|carnivorous
crayon|drill|AtLocation|construction site
tractor|scooter|AtLocation|in water
aunt|mother|IsA|profession
window|bathroom|HasA|plumbing
pen|pencil|IsA|construction tool
throat|nose|UsedFor|eating
elbow|nail|IsA|limb
foot|toe|HasProperty|has five toes
jacket|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
cheetah|tiger|IsA|like a cat
vulture|eagle|HasA|start with a p
banana|strawberry|IsA|fruit
pony|cat|IsA|something a farmer would own
barn|bed|HasA|start with a b
bone|eye|AtLocation|on your head
daughter|aunt|HasProperty|female
ceiling|bathroom|HasA|diagram on it
forearm|shoulder|IsA|plural
elbow|ankle|IsA|limb
skirt|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
floor|tower|MadeOf|wood
raspberry|grapefruit|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
flea|worm|MadeOf|small animals
walls|window|PartOf|building
paintbrush|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
chicken|crab|HasA|legs
cow|camel|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
boy|man|IsA|female
shoulder|hand|PartOf|the upper body
chapel|cathedral|HasA| place for worship
tray|strainer|MadeOf|metal
buggy|scooter|UsedFor|land suitable one
garlic|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
coyote|raccoon|HasA|long ears
scissors|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bike|buggy|AtLocation|in water
truck|buggy|HasA|two rows of seats
scissors|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
snail|caterpillar|IsA|plant
chisel|drill|CapableOf|print
boy|father|IsA|profession
clarinet|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
porcupine|raccoon|AtLocation|underground
cod|catfish|IsA|fish
nail|elbow|AtLocation|on head
plate|rope|CapableOf|contain water
kettle|spoon|MadeOf|ceramic materials
pistol|rifle|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
piano|accordion|HasA|reed to make it work
raccoon|elk|HasProperty|living in water
worker|boy|HasProperty|male
dress|coat|HasA|two seperate pant legs
lamp|mirror|UsedFor|wearing
sheep|rabbit|IsA|typical pet
chapel|church|UsedFor|a place of worship
pencil|pen|CapableOf|writing
dress|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
garlic|avocado|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
sailboat|boat|HasProperty|usually a large size
mixer|plug|UsedFor|water
mixer|stereo|UsedFor|listening to music
wheel|pipe|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
toaster|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
harpsichord|clarinet|HasA|keys
rifle|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mother|princess|HasProperty|male
walls|fingers|PartOf|house
camel|deer|IsA|carnivore 
rabbit|raccoon|AtLocation|carnivorous
skateboard|canoe|HasA|an engine
tomato|cherry|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
throat|neck|HasProperty|more than one for people
rocker|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
raccoon|fawn|HasA|hair/fur
gate|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
radio|fan|AtLocation|at an electronics store
giraffe|gorilla|IsA|herbivore
deer|sheep|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
paintbrush|drill|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pistol|grenade|IsA|hand-held weapon
spider|elephant|CapableOf|kill a human
accordion|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
dress|skirt|UsedFor|covering legs
carpet|cupboard|UsedFor|lighting
worker|daughter|IsA|female
window|floor|IsA|body part
blender|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
bag|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
leopard|gorilla|IsA|predator 
meat|chocolate|CapableOf|fry
rope|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
shrimp|crab|IsA|fish
bathroom|floor|IsA|body part
crocodile|giraffe|HasA|trunk
door|carpet|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
hare|beaver|HasA|hair/fur
rabbit|coyote|CapableOf|climb trees
shirt|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
elephant|frog|AtLocation|jungle
canoe|skis|HasA|wheels
skateboard|bike|HasProperty|consuming fuel
gorilla|elephant|HasA|horn
rabbit|deer|UsedFor|riding
faucet|hose|MadeOf|metal
tap|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
rabbit|mole|AtLocation|underground
fingers|hand|PartOf|upper body
knife|stick|PartOf|drawing
pencil|knife|HasProperty|cutting
giraffe|bison|IsA|type of cat
elephant|giraffe|AtLocation|in africa
fawn|deer|HasA|hair/fur
onions|avocado|UsedFor|cleaning
comb|chisel|MadeOf|writing
leg|arm|IsA|part of a building
tray|mirror|IsA|home appliance
rabbit|raccoon|MadeOf|green
spatula|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
squirrel|mouse|PartOf|jumping
faucet|mixer|IsA| kitchen appliance 
jeans|pants|IsA|typically female clothing item
ankle|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
oven|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
wheel|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
spatula|knife|MadeOf|leather
spider|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
shoulder|neck|IsA|upper body part
shoulder|arm|HasProperty|lower body
otter|skunk|HasA|big ears
bedroom|house|IsA|component of a home
shoulder|wrist|AtLocation|upper body
crayon|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
wheel|tape|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
inn|cottage|IsA|component of a home
giraffe|camel|HasA|hooves
horse|frog|CapableOf|be domesticated
leg|toe|IsA|joint
hose|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
elk|caribou|AtLocation|in hot climates 
scissors|stick|CapableOf|be used for drawing
pencil|spatula|CapableOf|print
flute|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
worker|father|UsedFor|transportation
stereo|plug|UsedFor|water
trout|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
mixer|tape|AtLocation|kitchen
lemon|lime|HasA|hard shell
lamp|candle|CapableOf|use a lightbulb
rocker|bolts|IsA|digital device
shirt|jacket|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
flea|caterpillar|IsA|plant
clock|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
deer|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
cat|moth|HasA|walking
tank|screws|HasProperty|circular
mug|kettle|HasA|handle
gate|cabin|HasA| 5 letters or less
spatula|knife|CapableOf|be used for hair
cherry|garlic|MadeOf|juice making
coat|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
drill|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
plum|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
cannon|rocket|CapableOf|transport liquids
beetle|rattlesnake|AtLocation|nature
princess|aunt|HasProperty|exclusively female
plate|wheel|AtLocation|at home
wasp|spider|IsA|bug
pen|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
mother|aunt|AtLocation|in a castle
forearm|elbow|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
wheel|barrel|IsA|firearm
supper|bean|MadeOf|bread
tower|walls|CapableOf|let in air
paintbrush|pen|CapableOf|print
knees|ankle|HasProperty|below the waist 
wife|worker|IsA|female
pear|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
potato|lamb|MadeOf|something edible
orange|tomato|HasProperty|green
chandelier|mirror|AtLocation|on neck
coat|shirt|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
coyote|mole|PartOf|herd
toilet|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cow|rabbit|CapableOf|be domesticated
plum|avocado|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
walls|room|AtLocation|in your apartment
curtains|door|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
princess|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
worm|spider|IsA|insect
otter|skunk|MadeOf|green
kettle|cupboard|AtLocation|on a countertop
barn|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
sister|wife|HasProperty|older than you
building|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
buggy|scooter|UsedFor|eating
tank|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
tank|cannon|IsA|firearm
kite|eagle|CapableOf|fly
mink|porcupine|AtLocation|underground
rock|radio|CapableOf|make sound
sailboat|tank|HasA|wheels
bone|muscle|AtLocation|in the torso
brother|father|IsA|direct relation
door|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
shoes|boots|HasProperty|black
toilet|sink|UsedFor|making food
house|inn|UsedFor|a place of worship
bike|tractor|HasA|wheels
clarinet|banjo|IsA|instrument
elk|beaver|IsA|predator
inn|apartment|HasProperty|made of concrete
tap|faucet|CapableOf|work without electricity
plum|raspberry|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
worm|snail|IsA|slow mover
uncle|father|AtLocation|in a royal family
knife|stick|IsA|construction tool
woman|girl|CapableOf|bear a child
lobster|crab|HasA|legs
mackerel|trout|HasA|legs
fan|rock|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
shoulder|forearm|MadeOf|upper body parts
bolts|screws|CapableOf|hold water
caterpillar|spider|IsA|plant
paintbrush|pen|UsedFor|grooming
pineapple|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
whisky|beer|HasProperty|a liquid
bolts|tape|IsA|related to music 
elk|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
skunk|groundhog|AtLocation|carnivorous
cow|elephant|IsA|teeth
cat|rabbit|HasA|eating
canoe|boat|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
turtle|snail|HasA|four feet
clamp|wheel|CapableOf|be turned on
knee|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
broccoli|beans|IsA|purple vegetable
squirrel|raccoon|IsA|sad
beaver|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
tiger|horse|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
finger|hand|AtLocation|below waist
strawberry|peach|HasProperty|yellow
tuba|accordion|MadeOf|strings
mother|doctor|IsA|car
shirt|sack|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
arm|nail|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cat|pony|HasA| mane (hair on it)
skin|muscle|HasA|bones
goat|duck|IsA|animal
flea|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
flea|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
banana|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
cabin|building|IsA|place to live permanently
skis|skateboard|HasA|handle
knees|ankle|AtLocation|on lower body
boy|wife|IsA|car
rock|wheel|IsA|related to music 
oak|apartment|PartOf|set of furniture
pelican|duck|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
stick|pliers|UsedFor|writing
buzzard|sparrow|CapableOf|be a household pet
girl|woman|HasProperty|a picture of a female
pony|rabbit|IsA|carnivore 
dishwasher|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
camel|tiger|HasA|horn
girlfriend|woman|HasProperty|two syllables
shoulder|neck|AtLocation|bottom half of body
girlfriend|woman|IsA|profession/title
leg|neck|AtLocation|inside
raft|sailboat|HasProperty|usually a large size
bike|wheel|AtLocation|in water
clarinet|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
groundhog|raccoon|HasA|hair/fur
plug|faucet|IsA|related to music 
kettle|microwave|PartOf|kitchen appliance
toe|arm|AtLocation|on head
squirrel|raccoon|HasProperty|originated from north america
cockroach|flea|IsA|insect
skunk|deer|IsA|predator
pipe|screws|MadeOf|wood
typewriter|pen|CapableOf|writing
cupboard|curtains|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
goat|potato|IsA|food
hare|mole|AtLocation|on  a tree
walls|bathroom|UsedFor|working with computer
bison|caribou|AtLocation|in hot climates 
girl|woman|HasA|color
girl|daughter|HasProperty|exclusively female
boat|tank|MadeOf|metal
squirrel|skunk|UsedFor|swimming
porcupine|hare|HasA|horn
shoes|trousers|PartOf|pair
rope|pistol|IsA|vessel
bolts|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rope|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
dress|cigarette|IsA|home appliance
uncle|cousin|IsA|direct relation with you
pistol|rifle|CapableOf|fire bullets
cello|banjo|HasA|keys
chicken|lamb|MadeOf|something edible
camel|goat|IsA|something a farmer would own
skis|buggy|AtLocation|in water
neck|bone|IsA|on the lower half 
boots|trousers|UsedFor|warming upper body
beetle|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
clock|coat|UsedFor|wearing
cousin|uncle|IsA|royalty
tray|wheel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
mixer|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
raspberry|cherry|HasA|peel
dishwasher|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
avocado|cherry|PartOf|a red the color of
wall|carpet|UsedFor|sleep
chocolate|whisky|IsA|diary food
actress|girl|CapableOf|bear a child
magazine|hose|MadeOf|metal/steel
coat|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
brush|paintbrush|UsedFor|painting
drill|pliers|CapableOf|print
squirrel|cat|HasA|eating
skirt|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
pony|dog|AtLocation|pet store
saxophone|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
leg|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
toe|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
cannon|shotgun|UsedFor|work
trombone|flute|HasA|keyboard
cannon|barrel|UsedFor|bullets
pipe|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
raccoon|rabbit|HasProperty|known for a bushy tail
pony|dog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
supper|soup|MadeOf|meat
cod|trout|HasA|red shell when cooked
leg|thigh|AtLocation|bottom half of body
room|walls|HasA|glass
skirt|cloak|UsedFor|protection
inn|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
toe|arm|PartOf|an appendage
ant|wasp|IsA|insect
elbow|neck|IsA|upper body part
sauce|whisky|HasProperty|a liquid
cucumber|lime|HasProperty|green
helicopter|jet|CapableOf|fly
butterfly|ant|CapableOf|fly
elbow|leg|UsedFor|a fight
trout|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
tuna|asparagus|HasA|legs
salad|potatoes|UsedFor|desserts
actress|princess|HasProperty|a picture of a female
floor|roof|CapableOf|be used home
hare|rabbit|IsA|mammal
skis|truck|AtLocation|in there
banana|raspberry|IsA|more than one fruit
jeans|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
sugar|potatoes|UsedFor|desserts
pants|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
rabbit|raccoon|HasProperty|known for a bushy tail
dress|blouse|IsA|item of clothing
raccoon|squirrel|IsA|animal with long ears
thigh|knees|PartOf|lower body
ox|camel|CapableOf|carry a adult human
trumpet|guitar|MadeOf|wood
bowl|ship|CapableOf|fly
asparagus|cod|IsA|mollusk
strawberry|garlic|HasA|usually inedible skin
princess|actress|HasA|child
arm|toe|PartOf|the upper body
cherry|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
tiger|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
hair|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
horse|elephant|HasA|4 legs
ant|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
leg|body|AtLocation|on your head
cottage|chapel|HasA|own altar
plug|tape|HasA|string or line
camel|horse|HasA|trunk
caribou|elk|CapableOf|carry a adult human
pistol|rifle|IsA|hand-held weapon
eagle|falcon|HasA|wings
clamp|bolts|MadeOf|metal
spatula|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
shoes|socks|UsedFor|feet
daughter|aunt|IsA|female
caterpillar|frog|HasA|walking
arm|fingers|HasProperty|related with hand
boots|skirt|PartOf|lower waistline
deer|donkey|IsA|teeth
cow|frog|IsA|household pet
cherry|orange|HasA|edible skin
banana|prune|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
garlic|avocado|IsA|physical fruit or veg
colander|ladle|HasProperty|electrically powered
airplane|helicopter|AtLocation|on water
raft|buggy|HasA|wheels
rabbit|goat|HasA|fur
tractor|truck|CapableOf|hold more than one person
bag|blouse|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
rock|fridge|MadeOf|maybe
peach|coconut|IsA|fruit
coconut|cherry|CapableOf|delicious
car|truck|HasA|an engine
inn|house|HasA|own altar
wrist|hand|PartOf|lower body
rifle|gun|UsedFor|harm
jeep|car|HasA|an engine
kidney|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
pencil|paintbrush|HasA|keyboard
comb|stick|CapableOf|to paint
jeans|shirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
mother|cousin|IsA|family member
mug|pot|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
fan|magazine|MadeOf|maybe
wheel|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
parakeet|duck|HasA|large wing span
room|walls|IsA|body part
woman|daughter|HasProperty|two syllables
colander|dishwasher|CapableOf|scoop things
spatula|pliers|UsedFor|writing
porcupine|hare|CapableOf|hunt other animals
hare|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
zebra|horse|HasA|trunk
wheel|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
butter|milk|MadeOf|several ingredients
spatula|brush|CapableOf|print
wasp|beetle|IsA|colorful 
shirt|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
church|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
dress|skirt|AtLocation|on neck
faucet|hose|CapableOf|provide water
tank|cannon|MadeOf|wood (partially)
boy|father|CapableOf|become pregnant 
coconut|garlic|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
cherry|raspberry|HasA|edible skin (usually)
magazine|clamp|IsA|digital device
deer|coyote|HasA|hair/fur
knife|typewriter|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
curtains|wall|PartOf|the entrance to a room
house|cottage|HasA|own altar
clock|skirt|HasProperty|worn on the neck
jeep|skis|AtLocation|in water
screwdriver|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
turtle|iguana|HasA|trunk
cod|salmon|CapableOf|come in a tin
princess|aunt|HasProperty|female
elk|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
cheetah|tiger|IsA|herbivore
cod|octopus|HasA|shell
ceiling|floor|HasProperty|an enclosed space
cheese|cherry|HasA|eatable shell or peel
pen|knife|HasProperty|cutting
raspberry|cherry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
fawn|mink|CapableOf|live in water
plum|raspberry|IsA|fruit
pencil|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
aunt|woman|HasProperty|royalty
hawk|vulture|HasA|wings
actress|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
cloak|blouse|UsedFor|protection
goat|chicken|IsA|n animal
spatula|typewriter|AtLocation|construction site
sauce|meat|IsA|colour red
plug|wheel|IsA|related to music 
bone|elbow|IsA|part of the skeleton
typewriter|scissors|UsedFor|driving screws
rabbit|dog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
wall|curtains|PartOf|the entrance to a room
pliers|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cranberry|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
blood|kidney|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
wife|sister|IsA|direct relation
bar|walls|PartOf|body
caterpillar|squirrel|IsA|plant
mixer|bolts|MadeOf|metal
dishwasher|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
tape|rock|IsA|digital device
hose|fan|IsA|related to music 
actress|daughter|IsA|profession
blender|toaster|AtLocation|on a countertop
crayon|pencil|UsedFor|writing/drawing
goat|rabbit|AtLocation|in water
parakeet|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
cockroach|spider|HasA|wings
father|mother|IsA|female
zebra|gorilla|IsA|has horns
lamp|chandelier|UsedFor|providing light
knees|ankle|PartOf|upper body
lemon|tomato|HasProperty|sweet
tank|buggy|HasProperty|consuming fuel
avocado|plum|IsA|physical fruit or veg
trout|perch|HasA|legs/tentacles 
drill|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
girlfriend|princess|HasProperty|a picture of a female
tuna|salmon|IsA|mollusk
beans|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable 
room|floor|AtLocation|above your head
squirrel|rabbit|IsA|predator
raft|canoe|HasA|wheels
coyote|porcupine|HasA|horn
typewriter|pen|CapableOf|to paint
boots|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
chicken|tomato|HasProperty|furry
cougar|cheetah|IsA|herbivore
elk|deer|CapableOf|live in water
lips|neck|CapableOf| taste
car|scooter|UsedFor|single person transport
duck|owl|HasA|large wing span
elk|buffalo|HasA|antlers/tusks
cow|cat|IsA|something a farmer would own
room|walls|IsA|part of a building
buggy|bike|UsedFor|land suitable one
finger|arm|UsedFor|holding an apple
wheel|rope|MadeOf|metal
soup|bean|HasA|vegetables
rabbit|goat|HasProperty|furry
stereo|mixer|IsA|electronic device
socks|sack|HasA|sleeves
tuba|clarinet|HasA|keys
dog|cat|HasA|fur
elk|elephant|HasA|horn
cat|moth|IsA|plant
door|tray|CapableOf|can you sit on it
sofa|bed|IsA|furniture
drill|pliers|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
father|worker|HasProperty|royalty
flute|clarinet|HasA|keyboard
leg|ankle|IsA|upper body part
blouse|shirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
doctor|worker|HasProperty|a profession
snail|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
grapefruit|pear|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
sofa|carpet|MadeOf|wood
lemon|onions|HasProperty|green
stereo|fan|IsA|electric 
tap|stereo|MadeOf|metal
clarinet|bagpipe|HasA|keys
spatula|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
plum|coconut|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
floor|bar|PartOf|body
mother|actress|HasA|an adult on it
blouse|cigarette|IsA|home appliance
kettle|blender|UsedFor|cooking food
knife|razor|CapableOf|writing
cannon|tank|HasProperty|made for violence
dog|cow|CapableOf|be domesticated
aunt|mother|IsA|family member
canoe|bike|HasA|an engine
cat|cow|HasA|eating
shoulder|arm|PartOf|lower body
turtle|spider|IsA|colorful 
crocodile|zebra|HasA|long neck
mouth|nose|IsA|part of the body
fan|radio|CapableOf|working
frog|tiger|HasProperty|carnivorous
mother|cousin|CapableOf|be a lady
tray|microwave|AtLocation|on a countertop
worm|beetle|HasA|wings
cow|squirrel|IsA|household pet
camel|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
lantern|lamp|AtLocation|on the ceiling
door|cupboard|UsedFor|heating items up
clarinet|saxophone|IsA|straight tube
kettle|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
coat|skirt|IsA|item of clothing
coat|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
prune|peach|HasA|single hard pit
frog|deer|HasA|fur
pelican|kite|AtLocation|at a beach
wife|woman|IsA|car
rock|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
guitar|flute|IsA|brass instrument
lemon|banana|HasProperty|yellow
neck|nail|AtLocation|inside
paintbrush|pencil|CapableOf|make holes 
leg|thigh|IsA|upper body part
gown|coat|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
knife|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
brush|crayon|UsedFor|driving screws
elk|ox|CapableOf|carry a adult human
room|ceiling|MadeOf|wood
helicopter|jet|AtLocation|in the air
beer|liquor|IsA|diary food
microwave|rock|UsedFor|keeping things cool
walls|deck|PartOf|house
cockroach|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
cherry|corn|HasProperty|green
barrel|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
tower|walls|PartOf|building
cannon|tank|IsA|firearm
tractor|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
sugar|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
trumpet|trombone|CapableOf|be blown into
mouth|brow|AtLocation|below mouth
hose|rope|HasA|number on it
skunk|raccoon|IsA|otter
pipe|bolts|IsA|firearm
wheel|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
kettle|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
forearm|hand|PartOf|the upper body
drill|bolts|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
giraffe|crocodile|HasA|trunk
boat|yacht|UsedFor|farming
guitar|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
lemon|cherry|PartOf|eating
tuba|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
soup|salad|HasProperty|a single item
man|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
meal|bean|HasProperty|two syllables
tent|apartment|IsA|religious place
tank|scooter|MadeOf|metal
scissors|brush|PartOf|what is the name of 
fridge|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
gate|house|HasA|own altar
brother|uncle|IsA|family member
woman|girlfriend|HasA|blood relation with you
chicken|zebra|HasA|legs
walls|bar|IsA|part of a building
deer|bison|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
elk|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
tap|faucet|MadeOf|metal
bathroom|ceiling|HasA|diagram on it
wasp|ant|IsA|colorful 
bar|tower|PartOf|body
rope|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
hare|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
rifle|gun|UsedFor|firing artillery
skin|hair|HasA|bones
paper|glass|IsA|fragile
rock|tape|CapableOf|provide water
paper|wood|MadeOf|animals or plants
jacket|boots|CapableOf|cover your full body
foot|thigh|IsA|joint
nurse|girl|HasA|a blood relation with you
beetle|ant|HasProperty|typically able to fly
pants|jacket|HasA|wheel
cat|goat|IsA|carnivore
bathroom|room|CapableOf|be used home
necklace|blouse|UsedFor|wearing
worm|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
rope|faucet|AtLocation|kitchen
turtle|squirrel|HasA|walking
vulture|hawk|HasProperty|a predator
toaster|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
clamp|fan|MadeOf|steel mainly
window|walls|PartOf|body
brush|pen|UsedFor|driving screws
chisel|razor|CapableOf|to paint
elephant|tiger|IsA|teeth
worker|doctor|IsA|female (strictly)
nose|tongue|CapableOf| taste
owl|starling|HasA|large wingspan
garlic|celery|UsedFor|cleaning
iguana|elephant|AtLocation|in a river 
razor|spatula|CapableOf|writing
neck|wrist|PartOf|upper body
knees|foot|AtLocation|below the waist 
elephant|zebra|IsA|an animal
jacket|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
cottage|house|IsA|place to live permanently
raccoon|mole|AtLocation|carnivorous
room|floor|PartOf|a house
gun|rifle|CapableOf|blow things up
rattlesnake|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
plug|faucet|MadeOf|metal
crayon|drill|CapableOf|print
squirrel|rabbit|PartOf|herd
mother|man|HasA|head
bag|jeans|HasA|wheel
moth|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
hand|fingers|AtLocation|upper body
flea|squirrel|IsA|plant
stick|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
frog|goat|AtLocation|pet store
lips|tongue|CapableOf| taste
radio|clamp|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
skunk|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
peach|lemon|IsA|fruit
sofa|bed|MadeOf|wood
wheel|canoe|HasA|engine
woman|girl|IsA|male
inn|chapel|IsA|public building (typically)
squirrel|rabbit|IsA|herbivore
tent|cottage|HasProperty|part of a plane
coyote|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
squid|octopus|HasA|fins
brush|pencil|PartOf|drawing
banjo|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
cousin|aunt|IsA|car
worm|spider|IsA|bug
wheel|skis|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
pipe|screws|HasA|round shape
forearm|neck|MadeOf|a whole body part
daughter|mother|IsA|sibling
lamp|lantern|CapableOf|move
throat|neck|HasProperty|used for tasting
turtle|alligator|HasA| 4 limbs
squirrel|groundhog|IsA|predator
cottage|apartment|MadeOf|one or more rooms
cottage|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
boat|truck|UsedFor|farming
toilet|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
liver|kidney|HasA|bones
rabbit|goat|IsA|meat or animal
spoon|tray|IsA|cylinder
plug|stereo|UsedFor|electronic uses
worker|boy|MadeOf|metal
socks|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
garlic|cheese|MadeOf|juice making
bathroom|bar|IsA|part of a building
butterfly|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
piano|violin|MadeOf|strings
liquor|sauce|HasProperty|a liquid
trombone|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
octopus|mackerel|AtLocation|at sea
dishwasher|blender|HasA|power supply
floor|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head
throat|brow|UsedFor|eating
spatula|chisel|MadeOf|writing
pliers|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
paintbrush|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
frog|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
rocket|tank|UsedFor|bullets
bolts|clamp|IsA|electric 
cello|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
door|curtains|CapableOf|contain items
fridge|rock|CapableOf|working
grenade|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
room|floor|PartOf|house
boots|dress|IsA|piece of clothing
scarf|cigarette|UsedFor|providing light
arm|leg|PartOf|pair
flute|saxophone|HasA|keyboard
wrist|hand|PartOf|the upper body
cousin|wife|UsedFor|transportation
banjo|harmonica|HasA|keys
skis|tractor|AtLocation|in water
neck|leg|HasA|bones
wheel|car|UsedFor|eating
mink|paper|IsA|bottle
rabbit|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
radio|rock|CapableOf|make sound
rocket|shotgun|UsedFor|firing artillery
socks|shoes|PartOf|lower waistline
wheel|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
kite|duck|PartOf|wild life
tuba|clarinet|HasA|strings
camel|giraffe|IsA|type of cat
duck|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
buzzard|vulture|HasProperty|a predator
ankle|eye|AtLocation|below the knee
cottage|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
knife|screwdriver|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
spider|turtle|IsA|plant
pony|camel|UsedFor|riding
gown|coat|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
mixer|plug|MadeOf|metal
window|bar|HasProperty|indoor
wasp|turtle|IsA|colorful 
oven|microwave|UsedFor|keeping things cool
skateboard|scooter|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
fingers|finger|HasA|more than one joint
dishwasher|blender|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
horse|pony|UsedFor|riding
alligator|mink|HasA|horn
caterpillar|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
window|room|UsedFor|tiling
leopard|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
doctor|worker|IsA|female (strictly)
mixer|hose|IsA|digital device
supper|meal|HasA|meat
mixer|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
rifle|tank|CapableOf|used in war
plug|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rocker|oven|UsedFor|keeping things cool
squirrel|cat|CapableOf|kill a human
tray|bed|UsedFor|making food
bison|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
doctor|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
rocket|rope|UsedFor|harm
banjo|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
crayon|stick|MadeOf|writing
crayon|pencil|UsedFor|driving screws
neck|wrist|AtLocation|in your upper body
closet|door|CapableOf|can you sit on it
paintbrush|screwdriver|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
typewriter|stick|HasProperty|cutting
neck|finger|IsA|plural
stove|dishwasher|CapableOf|be plugged in
blood|eye|IsA|limb
bowl|saucer|AtLocation|in the air
typewriter|pencil|PartOf|drawing
tent|gate|HasA|start with a b
mole|rabbit|MadeOf|green
squirrel|mole|IsA|mammal
clarinet|tuba|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
seagull|stork|HasA|large wingspan
catfish|mackerel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
cigarette|lantern|HasProperty|something to be worn
cougar|gorilla|IsA|has horns
window|ceiling|HasProperty|enclosed
candle|tray|CapableOf|be worn
donkey|pony|IsA|teeth
hose|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
cat|deer|UsedFor|riding
apartment|cabin|IsA|place to live permanently
trumpet|trombone|MadeOf|wood
fan|tap|MadeOf|metal/steel
bungalow|building|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
girl|aunt|CapableOf|become pregnant 
daughter|father|AtLocation|in a royal family
knees|knee|PartOf|upper body
orange|garlic|IsA|vegetable
oven|magazine|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
bolts|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
truck|car|UsedFor|farming
blood|eye|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
chapel|church|UsedFor|relaxing
goat|dog|IsA|teeth
tuna|cod|IsA|water animal
room|neck|PartOf|house
tuba|cello|HasA|keys
faucet|tape|IsA|digital device
elephant|camel|IsA|herbivore
violin|piano|IsA|wind instrument
stork|dove|CapableOf|be a household pet
typewriter|pencil|UsedFor|driving screws
wife|cousin|PartOf|close blood relative
hare|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
tape|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
oven|microwave|UsedFor|cooking food
pencil|stick|CapableOf|be used for hair
tower|bathroom|IsA|part of a building
grenade|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
radio|rocker|CapableOf|working
crayon|brush|PartOf|drawing
raspberry|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
frog|crocodile|UsedFor|human transport
actress|cousin|HasA|multiple people pictured
plug|stereo|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
beans|avocado|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
hand|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
plate|drill|IsA|firearm
drill|typewriter|UsedFor|hair
bolts|pipe|CapableOf|be used in home
crayon|pen|CapableOf|print
eye|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
stereo|rocker|CapableOf|be turned on
ankle|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
pipe|rocket|IsA|firearm
truck|tank|AtLocation|in there
mink|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
bone|blood|AtLocation|on the inside
catfish|salmon|HasA|legs
necklace|mirror|HasProperty|makes light
cod|perch|IsA|water animal
finger|arm|PartOf|room
tuna|eel|HasA|shell
cod|catfish|AtLocation|in sea
bag|shirt|UsedFor|transporting things
pear|grapefruit|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
bagpipe|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
flute|saxophone|MadeOf|metal
spider|flea|IsA|bug
celery|eggplant|HasA|any green on it 
inn|chapel|UsedFor|relaxing
father|brother|IsA|family member
ceiling|deck|PartOf|body
airplane|jet|CapableOf|float 
neck|elbow|AtLocation|bottom half of body
plug|stereo|UsedFor|sound waves
eel|squid|IsA|black and white
kite|pelican|HasA|start with a p
leg|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
guitar|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
arm|hand|HasA|more than 1 finger
curtains|wall|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
barrel|tray|CapableOf|destroy a building
aunt|wife|IsA|female
skunk|beaver|HasA|hair/fur
rocket|rope|CapableOf|used in war
tuna|trout|HasA|legs
bike|sled|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
moth|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
rocker|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
bison|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
pants|jeans|HasProperty|usually blue
pipe|wheel|CapableOf|be used in home
bike|skis|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
stereo|tap|MadeOf|metal
chapel|cottage|UsedFor|relaxing
roof|ceiling|MadeOf|wood
mother|wife|HasProperty|exclusively female
rocker|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
neck|forearm|HasA|more than one joint
cow|goat|AtLocation|pet store
hut|cabin|HasProperty|made of concrete
supper|meal|HasProperty|a single item
bayonet|broom|IsA|tree
raccoon|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
magazine|fan|CapableOf|working
banana|cherry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
arm|toe|PartOf|upper body
scissors|knife|IsA|construction tool
deer|crocodile|IsA|something a farmer would own
radio|oven|CapableOf|working
wasp|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
alligator|crocodile|HasA|legs
wife|actress|IsA|female (strictly)
skirt|dress|IsA|accessory
necklace|coat|MadeOf|threads
plum|prune|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
elk|buffalo|IsA|predator 
caterpillar|cat|IsA|plant
actress|princess|PartOf|your family
scissors|comb|PartOf|drawing
apartment|gate|IsA|relatively small
stick|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
bedroom|curtains|UsedFor|lighting
cupboard|door|UsedFor|lighting
neck|arm|HasA|nails
squirrel|crocodile|HasA|trunk
clamp|tape|MadeOf|metal
forearm|shoulder|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
chisel|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
nail|skin|AtLocation|inside
blender|fridge|IsA|appliance
bolts|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
radio|wheel|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
tomato|duck|CapableOf|eating
giraffe|zebra|CapableOf|walk on 2 feet
flea|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
horse|deer|HasA|horn on head
ankle|body|HasA|bones
eagle|falcon|HasA|large wingspan
jacket|pants|UsedFor|warming upper body
elbow|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
chicken|eel|HasA|red shell when cooked
dress|jacket|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
caribou|bison|IsA|predator 
cow|horse|HasA| mane (hair on it)
clamp|rocker|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
drill|screws|CapableOf|used in war
cigarette|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
chisel|spatula|CapableOf|print
room|ceiling|IsA|part of a building
cello|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
blender|fridge|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
vulture|kite|HasA|start with a p
plug|wheel|MadeOf|paper
apartment|house|HasA|start with a b
plate|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
accordion|harmonica|HasA|reed to make it work
frog|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
goat|tomato|AtLocation|in water
wrist|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
hose|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
paintbrush|drill|AtLocation|construction site
elephant|spider|HasA|eating
rabbit|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
robe|cloak|HasProperty|something that is worn
tuna|octopus|IsA|water animal
pencil|pen|CapableOf|to paint
groundhog|porcupine|HasA|long ears
buffalo|giraffe|HasA|hooves
blouse|dress|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
cockroach|caterpillar|IsA|plant
mother|woman|IsA|car
plate|wheel|CapableOf|store or transport water
garlic|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
elk|tiger|IsA|predator 
eel|perch|HasA|shell
wheel|rope|IsA|vessel
pants|boots|UsedFor|warming upper body
soup|sugar|IsA|diary food
strainer|wheel|MadeOf|metal
trumpet|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
fingers|wrist|AtLocation|upper body
tuna|perch|IsA|mollusk
screwdriver|pencil|HasA|bushy tail
crocodile|cougar|IsA|herbivore
finger|arm|AtLocation|upper body
beans|celery|IsA|purple vegetable
liver|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
beaver|squirrel|CapableOf|hunt other animals
coat|pants|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
coat|pants|UsedFor|wearing
neck|leg|IsA|part of the skeleton
olive|beans|HasProperty|green
boots|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
fawn|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
plug|clamp|HasProperty|round shaped
tray|closet|CapableOf|can you sit on it
ant|snail|CapableOf|flying
mixer|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
clamp|tape|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
asparagus|eel|HasA|fins
rabbit|camel|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
meal|supper|UsedFor|dinner
cabin|tent|HasA|start with a b
truck|buggy|AtLocation|in water
prune|grapefruit|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
elephant|hyena|UsedFor|crossing deserts
pencil|crayon|UsedFor|writing/drawing
lemon|cherry|CapableOf|bitter
rock|rocker|IsA|electric 
elbow|shoulder|IsA|upper body part
hare|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
plum|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
deer|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
scissors|typewriter|PartOf|what is your name this
scissors|pencil|IsA|construction tool
radio|rock|UsedFor|entertainment
brow|neck|IsA|(one of five) human senses
spatula|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
body|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
horse|pony|HasA| mane (hair on it)
jacket|blouse|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
balloon|airplane|HasA|the ability to fly
necklace|scarf|CapableOf|be worn
girlfriend|father|UsedFor|transportation
fridge|sink|UsedFor|heating items up
arm|elbow|UsedFor|walking
wrist|hand|HasProperty|something humans have two of
cockroach|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
gun|pistol|IsA|hand-held weapon
bedroom|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
soup|sandwich|HasProperty|mainly meat
nail|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
ant|flea|AtLocation|nature
candle|lantern|HasProperty|electric powered
worker|nurse|CapableOf|bear a child
sink|door|UsedFor|storage
forearm|shoulder|AtLocation|below where a watch is
trombone|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
brush|typewriter|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
asparagus|lobster|HasA|fins
worm|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
cow|frog|IsA|common pet
rocker|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
bison|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
skateboard|boat|AtLocation|in there
bowl|airplane|IsA| mode of transportation 
lantern|candle|UsedFor|lighting
bowl|ship|AtLocation|in the air
elbow|forearm|IsA|plural
bolts|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
cousin|brother|IsA|family
plug|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
pants|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
beetle|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
brush|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
girl|woman|HasA|the color brown in it
stick|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for drawing
tiger|zebra|IsA|an animal
knife|chisel|MadeOf|writing
razor|typewriter|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
rabbit|cat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
cherry|beans|HasProperty|green
donkey|cat|HasProperty|fluffy
hyena|crocodile|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
paintbrush|pencil|PartOf|drawing
pear|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
milk|potatoes|AtLocation|in the ground
pineapple|raspberry|IsA|fruit
bed|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
car|jeep|UsedFor|farming
stick|comb|HasA|sharp edge
wife|cousin|IsA|younger person
cranberry|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
drill|pen|CapableOf|to paint
comb|brush|CapableOf|to paint
bungalow|building|HasA|start with a b
potato|tomato|AtLocation|in water
pen|screwdriver|PartOf|what is the name of 
tent|house|HasA| 5 letters or less
sandwich|salad|HasProperty|eaten for breakfast
curtains|door|UsedFor|lighting
scarf|blouse|CapableOf|be worn
gorilla|giraffe|IsA|type of cat
jet|balloon|AtLocation|on water
tractor|tank|UsedFor|eating
ankle|thigh|AtLocation|below waist
turtle|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
raspberry|pear|HasA|edible skin
wheel|rope|IsA|related to music 
sheep|pony|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pants|socks|IsA|piece of clothing
raccoon|hare|CapableOf|live in water
rope|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
ant|cat|MadeOf|small animals
bolts|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
cat|pony|HasProperty|fluffy
faucet|plug|AtLocation|kitchen
pony|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
onions|rabbit|AtLocation|in water
jacket|blouse|HasProperty|worn by a woman
stick|pencil|IsA|construction tool
inn|barn|IsA|component of a home
neck|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
finger|fingers|MadeOf|upper body parts
leg|arm|IsA|joint
harpsichord|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
chisel|scissors|PartOf|drawing
pistol|tank|CapableOf|used in war
liquor|bacon|IsA|diary food
pliers|spatula|UsedFor|writing
catfish|cod|HasA|fins
tiger|horse|HasA|horn
roof|floor|PartOf|building
canoe|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
horse|elephant|UsedFor|riding
giraffe|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
brush|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
meat|milk|AtLocation|in the ground
toe|thigh|PartOf|lower body
perch|cod|AtLocation|at sea
sailboat|truck|UsedFor|eating
ant|beetle|IsA|colorful 
bar|window|UsedFor|working with computer
skirt|umbrella|IsA|logo
son|cousin|IsA|royalty
finger|neck|HasProperty|plural
groundhog|rabbit|CapableOf|be held 
harpsichord|trombone|HasA|keys
hair|nail|AtLocation|inside
bedroom|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
walls|bathroom|CapableOf|be used home
socks|shoes|AtLocation|on your feet
neck|elbow|PartOf|an appendage
hare|mole|HasA|hair/fur
floor|bathroom|UsedFor|decoration
ant|beetle|IsA|insect
cow|horse|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
pistol|cannon|UsedFor|shooting
plug|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
pistol|cannon|IsA|vessel
orange|coconut|HasA|eatable shell or peel
beetle|squirrel|HasA|walking
comb|pliers|MadeOf|writing
wheelbarrow|sack|UsedFor|transporting things
bedroom|building|HasA|start with a b
bean|butter|IsA|meat
bowl|saucer|CapableOf|hold soup
skirt|jacket|HasProperty|something that can be worn
cow|sheep|AtLocation|on a farm 
lime|garlic|IsA|fruit
coat|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
socks|trousers|HasProperty|worn below the waist
ceiling|walls|IsA|part of a building
gorilla|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
finger|ankle|IsA|plural
wall|carpet|CapableOf|open/close
fan|rocker|MadeOf|paper
bed|bedroom|AtLocation|at your home
hyena|ox|HasA|thick body
paintbrush|screwdriver|PartOf|what is your name this
girlfriend|aunt|IsA|family member
broom|bayonet|UsedFor|sleeping
clarinet|banjo|IsA|brass instrument
lamp|scarf|UsedFor|lighting
horse|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
coconut|cheese|CapableOf|delicious
rope|drill|HasA|number on it
mixer|rock|CapableOf|provide water
bolts|radio|AtLocation|at an electronics store
camel|giraffe|HasA|stripes
doctor|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
raspberry|prune|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
sink|dishwasher|UsedFor|washing dishes
bolts|tap|HasA|a type of metal
elbow|wrist|HasProperty|upper body
floor|ceiling|PartOf|room
tap|faucet|AtLocation|kitchen
brush|stick|CapableOf|to paint
aunt|girl|HasProperty|royalty
tape|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
walls|deck|IsA|part of a building
wall|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
woman|mother|CapableOf|become pregnant 
banjo|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
raspberry|plum|IsA|bitter fruit
rifle|cannon|IsA|weapon
bolts|hose|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
fan|microwave|CapableOf|working
gorilla|camel|HasA|horn or antler
room|tower|AtLocation|at ground level
clamp|fan|MadeOf|paper
knife|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
cupboard|curtains|UsedFor|lighting
neck|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
toilet|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
neck|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
cherry|peach|IsA|fruit
camel|elephant|IsA|predator 
ant|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
stereo|mixer|MadeOf|metal
wheelbarrow|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
girl|boy|IsA|head
clarinet|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
beer|milk|IsA|liquid
groundhog|squirrel|PartOf|herd
trumpet|piano|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
pistol|gun|MadeOf|wood (partially)
yacht|jeep|UsedFor|delivering parcels
comb|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
lime|lemon|CapableOf|spices
wasp|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
clarinet|cello|HasA|keys
cat|deer|HasA| mane (hair on it)
girlfriend|aunt|HasProperty|exclusively female
fan|bolts|IsA|related to music 
fan|mixer|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
dress|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
deck|bathroom|PartOf|house
banana|pear|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
rabbit|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
wheelbarrow|jeans|HasA|sleeves
bag|jacket|UsedFor|transporting things
tiger|cow|IsA|typical pet
garlic|beans|IsA|fruit
beaver|mink|HasA|horn
actress|daughter|IsA|female
wine|potatoes|IsA|diary food
freezer|fridge|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
frog|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
groundhog|squirrel|CapableOf|attack human
brother|son|AtLocation|royal meeting room
cat|rabbit|HasA|tail
spatula|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
mole|porcupine|AtLocation|on tree
pony|tiger|IsA|typical pet
caterpillar|butterfly|IsA|slow mover
cupboard|sofa|CapableOf|open/close
crocodile|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
razor|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
turtle|worm|PartOf|water
lamp|cigarette|HasProperty|makes light
rattlesnake|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
fingers|finger|HasA|nails
paintbrush|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
crocodile|pony|HasA|fur
duck|eagle|PartOf|wild life
floor|ceiling|HasProperty|enclosed
crocodile|squirrel|HasA|legs
forearm|arm|PartOf|upper body
raccoon|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
pelican|eagle|IsA|dangerous bird
rabbit|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cow|mouse|IsA|household pet
car|wheel|HasA|wheels
hose|clamp|MadeOf|metal
groundhog|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
hare|mole|UsedFor|swimming
cranberry|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
woodpecker|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
groundhog|beaver|HasA|long ear
flea|worm|IsA|insect
cherry|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothies
leg|liver|AtLocation|on head
skirt|dress|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
buffalo|giraffe|IsA|like a cat
piano|harp|IsA|wind instrument
stereo|clamp|MadeOf|metal
bison|ox|HasA|thick body
squirrel|hare|HasA|hooves
mirror|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
eggplant|broccoli|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
gown|coat|HasProperty|a long clothing item
barrel|wheel|CapableOf|use electricity
shoulder|neck|PartOf|lower body
avocado|cranberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
aunt|actress|IsA|direct relation
wife|mother|IsA|direct or immediate relation
jeep|wheel|UsedFor|eating
hawk|vulture|CapableOf|fly
scooter|skateboard|UsedFor|snow
bison|deer|IsA|predator 
cathedral|chapel|HasA| place for worship
perch|eel|IsA|mollusk
church|tent|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
frog|spider|AtLocation|in a house
beaver|porcupine|AtLocation|underground
avocado|broccoli|HasA|any green on it 
tractor|truck|MadeOf|metal
eye|muscle|AtLocation|on head
blouse|bag|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
bedroom|barn|IsA|component of a home
stereo|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
donkey|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
deer|donkey|HasA|hooves
pipe|drill|CapableOf|be used in home
zebra|giraffe|HasA|trunk
inn|house|HasA|start with a b
beaver|mink|IsA|predator
candle|clock|CapableOf|be worn
chisel|pen|HasProperty|cutting
tomato|pepper|HasA|seeds
iguana|snail|HasA|four feet
scissors|screwdriver|IsA|cuting
ant|moth|HasA|walking
toilet|freezer|CapableOf|be plumbed in
window|walls|PartOf|human body
zebra|giraffe|IsA|object
tower|roof|AtLocation|on the outside of building
caterpillar|squirrel|HasA|walking
tuna|mackerel|HasProperty|a large fish
princess|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
toilet|kettle|UsedFor|making food
rabbit|cow|AtLocation|jungle
vulture|eagle|IsA|bird of prey
saxophone|piano|PartOf|strings
rabbit|donkey|HasA| mane (hair on it)
bag|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
sheep|pony|CapableOf|bite
toaster|kettle|IsA|electrical appliance
drill|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pliers|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
son|father|IsA|family member
shirt|sack|HasA|wheel
screws|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
flea|butterfly|HasA|walking
drill|razor|CapableOf|print
snail|cat|CapableOf|flying
mink|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
harmonica|trumpet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
saxophone|trombone|MadeOf|wood
camel|pony|IsA|typical pet
bison|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
hose|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
horse|goat|IsA|something a farmer would own
skunk|raccoon|HasA|long ears
coat|jeans|HasA|wheel
toe|leg|HasProperty|below the waist 
rabbit|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
avocado|lemon|IsA|vegetable
crayon|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
aunt|daughter|IsA|family member
ankle|leg|HasA|bones
wife|aunt|HasA|green item of clothing
bed|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
camel|gorilla|IsA|like a cat
alligator|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
princess|mother|HasA|a blood relation with you
skis|boat|HasA|wheels
barrel|grenade|HasA|wheels
lips|brow|PartOf|face
frog|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
screwdriver|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
stereo|fan|CapableOf|provide water
girl|woman|IsA|noun
elephant|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
cat|frog|UsedFor|riding
potatoes|butter|MadeOf|cup
candle|lantern|CapableOf|give off light/glow
woman|actress|HasProperty|royalty
mirror|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
horse|bison|HasProperty|fluffy
hand|arm|PartOf|human body
colander|dishwasher|CapableOf|be held in your hand
hose|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
razor|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
blood|kidney|IsA|cancer related card
ankle|knee|AtLocation|below the waist 
harpsichord|banjo|HasA|keys
doctor|daughter|IsA|car
paintbrush|razor|PartOf|drawing
truck|car|HasA|engine
coconut|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
corn|pepper|IsA|vegetable
hose|mixer|MadeOf|metal
rope|pistol|CapableOf|be used in home
deer|rabbit|IsA|mammal
apartment|barn|MadeOf|one or more rooms
woman|girl|UsedFor|food
coconut|plum|IsA|fruit
bike|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
toe|nail|IsA|organ
salmon|lobster|IsA|water animal
sheep|pony|HasProperty|fluffy
barrel|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
stick|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
cannon|grenade|IsA|firearm
brush|comb|CapableOf|to paint
squirrel|spider|IsA|colorful 
bar|room|PartOf|building
radio|mixer|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
coconut|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
grapefruit|orange|IsA|red  or orang
candle|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
tray|fridge|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
actress|princess|IsA|direct or immediate relation
rabbit|squirrel|IsA|herbivore
arm|shoulder|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
rabbit|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
beaver|deer|CapableOf|go underground
lantern|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
sink|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
frog|rabbit|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
groundhog|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
girlfriend|cousin|IsA|car
guitar|saxophone|MadeOf|wood
wife|woman|HasA|blood relation with you
magazine|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
clarinet|harmonica|IsA|brass instrument
guitar|banjo|HasA|neck
plate|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cod|eel|IsA|fish
camel|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
chicken|tomato|HasProperty|red
squirrel|mouse|IsA|household pet
cherry|raspberry|HasA|yellow color
moth|turtle|HasA|walking
beaver|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
grapefruit|avocado|IsA|long fruit
neck|ankle|PartOf|an appendage
bone|muscle|AtLocation|on head
tape|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
cow|deer|HasA|horn on head
crayon|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
porcupine|groundhog|HasA|hooves
stick|pen|PartOf|drawing
pear|banana|IsA|more than one fruit
razor|brush|CapableOf|be used for hair
banjo|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
sack|trousers|HasA|sleeves
spatula|stick|CapableOf|writing
cockroach|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
neck|leg|AtLocation|on furniture
toe|leg|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
rock|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
bison|zebra|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
plate|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
lobster|perch|IsA|water animal
cupboard|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
clamp|hose|MadeOf|metal
grenade|rifle|HasProperty|tiger
cheetah|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
cougar|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
roof|deck|HasA|diagram on it
magazine|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
buggy|car|AtLocation|in there
knee|foot|HasProperty|upper body
fingers|finger|AtLocation|below where a watch is
piano|saxophone|HasA|keys
hawk|kite|HasA|wings
uncle|daughter|AtLocation|in a royal family
cat|goat|IsA|something a farmer would own
socks|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
saxophone|flute|MadeOf|strings
son|cousin|IsA|male
typewriter|paintbrush|CapableOf|writing
tape|tap|MadeOf|metal
radio|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
knee|thigh|HasProperty|below the waist 
moth|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
elbow|forearm|UsedFor|holding an apple
dress|socks|PartOf|lower waistline
meal|soup|HasProperty|a single item
deck|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head in general
salmon|catfish|IsA|water animal
plug|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
catfish|octopus|HasA|shell
sailboat|car|UsedFor|eating
rope|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rocket|plate|CapableOf|transport liquids
raft|canoe|HasProperty|colored red
plate|bolts|UsedFor|harm
bridge|barn|AtLocation|at your home
hose|wheel|UsedFor|restraining things
scarf|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
lantern|chandelier|AtLocation|on neck
salmon|perch|CapableOf|come in a tin
banner|skirt|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
walls|ceiling|PartOf|body
scissors|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
scissors|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
beetle|caterpillar|HasProperty|typically able to fly
bar|walls|PartOf|human body
ceiling|bar|IsA|body part
comb|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tank|cannon|CapableOf|used in war
mole|squirrel|IsA|animal with long ears
chocolate|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
neck|brow|UsedFor|eating
elephant|squirrel|HasA| 4 limbs
worker|man|HasProperty|male
radio|wheel|IsA|digital device
ankle|leg|IsA|plural
rope|tape|CapableOf|make sound
salad|chocolate|IsA|liquid
hare|rabbit|HasProperty|a daily dish in restaurant
worker|man|CapableOf|bear a child
starling|buzzard|CapableOf|be a household pet
princess|daughter|IsA|sibling
parakeet|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
butter|salad|CapableOf|fry
trumpet|saxophone|CapableOf|be played with mouth
coconut|lime|CapableOf|spices
pencil|brush|IsA|construction tool
raft|car|AtLocation|in there
elbow|toe|IsA|plural
hyena|leopard|IsA|herbivore
prune|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
moth|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
plate|tray|AtLocation|on car
blood|toe|IsA|limb
father|woman|UsedFor|transportation
daughter|wife|AtLocation|in a castle
hair|eye|AtLocation|below the knee
cigarette|clock|CapableOf|generate light
knife|drill|CapableOf|to paint
frog|turtle|IsA|plant
nail|body|AtLocation|on head
barn|gate|IsA|permanent structure
goat|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
son|prince|IsA|female
supper|steak|HasA|vegetables
tap|wheel|AtLocation|kitchen
spider|worm|HasA|wings
rabbit|crocodile|UsedFor|human transport
girlfriend|girl|IsA|male
buggy|skis|AtLocation|in water
bathroom|walls|PartOf|house
drill|rocket|CapableOf|transport liquids
bed|curtains|CapableOf|open/close
caterpillar|flea|HasProperty|an insect
coyote|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
girlfriend|nurse|HasProperty|royalty
leg|wrist|IsA|plural
pants|dress|AtLocation|on neck
skunk|mink|HasA|long tail
donkey|frog|HasA|fur
arm|elbow|AtLocation|upper body
blouse|skirt|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
horse|dog|AtLocation|pet store
balloon|airplane|AtLocation|in the air
liquor|sauce|IsA|diary food
caribou|deer|IsA|predator 
spatula|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
fan|radio|MadeOf|maybe
window|bar|HasA|diagram on it
plug|mixer|UsedFor|sound waves
bike|raft|HasA|an engine
carpet|curtains|UsedFor|sleep
mother|aunt|HasA|blood relationship with you
pencil|brush|AtLocation|construction site
bolts|clamp|HasA|a type of metal
coconut|peach|IsA|fruit
barrel|rope|CapableOf|used in war
hose|pistol|CapableOf|be used in home
cranberry|cherry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
plum|orange|HasA|edible skin
cod|octopus|IsA|water animal
hose|tap|CapableOf|provide water
meat|sauce|CapableOf|be used as an appetizer
meal|soup|HasA|vegetables
screws|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
blender|colander|CapableOf|make things cold
piano|clarinet|PartOf|strings
brush|comb|CapableOf|be used for drawing
girlfriend|aunt|IsA|male
clock|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
inn|hut|IsA|component of a home
clamp|wheel|HasProperty|round shaped
cow|frog|CapableOf|be domesticated
tray|screws|MadeOf|metal
steak|bacon|HasA|vegetable(s)
bed|door|CapableOf|be plumbed in
body|elbow|AtLocation|inside
cat|frog|IsA|something a farmer would own
magazine|rock|IsA|digital device
comb|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
mother|princess|HasProperty|female
colander|blender|CapableOf|make things cold
worm|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
fan|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
hare|squirrel|CapableOf|hunt other animals
window|ceiling|PartOf|room
tap|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
paintbrush|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
tractor|tank|MadeOf|metal
paintbrush|scissors|MadeOf|writing
pliers|stick|CapableOf|writing
pipe|rocket|CapableOf|store or transport water
uncle|cousin|IsA|direct relation
screws|barrel|UsedFor|daily usage 
bucket|kettle|HasA|handle
pants|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
mole|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
shoulder|neck|PartOf|the upper body
ankle|nail|PartOf|the images displayed
church|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
wall|bedroom|CapableOf|opening/closing
toe|foot|AtLocation|below your waist
roof|window|AtLocation|at ground level
soup|steak|IsA|liquid
fingers|neck|IsA|part of a building
groundhog|skunk|AtLocation|carnivorous
tray|thermometer|CapableOf|generate light
wheelbarrow|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
plate|drill|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
floor|tower|HasA|glass
rattlesnake|wasp|IsA|plant
skunk|otter|HasA|long tail
elephant|turtle|IsA|reptile
flute|trumpet|HasA|keyboard
mirror|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
cart|zebra|HasA|horn
buggy|tank|AtLocation|in there
gown|jacket|IsA|an accessory
elbow|bone|IsA|limb
cougar|hyena|HasA|thick body
truck|jeep|UsedFor|war
wife|girl|HasA|a blood relation with you
yacht|sailboat|HasProperty|usually a large size
lips|nose|UsedFor|eating
trousers|pants|UsedFor|by mainly women
horse|camel|CapableOf|be domesticated
lantern|necklace|UsedFor|lighting
bathroom|roof|PartOf|house
throat|mouth|HasProperty|used affected during make up
hose|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
snail|worm|HasA|wings
trousers|shoes|IsA|piece of clothing
oven|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
candle|cigarette|MadeOf|glass
nose|throat|HasProperty|used affected during make up
banana|pear|HasProperty|yellow
blouse|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
flea|worm|HasA|wings
daughter|girlfriend|IsA|female
knees|foot|PartOf|lower body
hare|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
elephant|alligator|HasA|a shell
stove|oven|CapableOf|be plugged in
bar|finger|PartOf|room
shoulder|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
cat|bison|UsedFor|human transport
tower|bar|AtLocation|outside a house
duck|vulture|HasA|wings
wheel|jeep|MadeOf|metal
ceiling|room|PartOf|room
sailboat|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
pencil|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
pants|clock|HasProperty|worn on the neck
pen|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
caterpillar|worm|HasProperty|an insect
salmon|trout|IsA|water animal
wheel|fan|IsA|related to music 
avocado|tomato|IsA|fruit
typewriter|crayon|CapableOf|writing
banjo|guitar|IsA|brass instrument
tower|floor|MadeOf|wood
actress|daughter|AtLocation|in a castle
garlic|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
rocket|tank|HasA|wheels
moth|beetle|IsA|bug
magazine|rock|CapableOf|be turned on
spider|cow|HasA|eating
tape|bolts|UsedFor|a vehicle
horse|elephant|HasA|stripes
raccoon|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
gun|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
neck|finger|UsedFor|eating
barn|tent|IsA|religious place
magazine|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
meal|steak|HasA|meat
bowl|saucer|AtLocation|on water
sofa|carpet|CapableOf|open/close
bag|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
boy|man|IsA|professional
man|doctor|IsA|male
ankle|foot|IsA|plural
sheep|bison|HasA|hooves
radio|microwave|MadeOf|steel
cherry|plum|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
rock|rocker|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
cucumber|cherry|IsA|fruit
aunt|daughter|CapableOf|be a lady
pony|cow|AtLocation|pet store
rock|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
faucet|rock|UsedFor|a vehicle
magazine|radio|UsedFor|food
vulture|hawk|CapableOf|attack others
nurse|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
son|prince|IsA|direct relation
cigarette|candle|HasProperty|quite small
plum|raspberry|HasProperty|red
rock|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
crocodile|gorilla|IsA|type of cat
camel|sheep|HasA| mane (hair on it)
lantern|lamp|IsA|nice smelling object
hose|tape|IsA|related to music 
fridge|blender|IsA|electrical appliance
bagpipe|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
bolts|mixer|MadeOf|paper
hyena|bison|HasA|thick body
wine|beer|IsA|diary food
worm|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly 
tin|glass|IsA|bottle
roof|window|HasProperty|vertical
microwave|oven|UsedFor|making food
uncle|son|AtLocation|royal meeting room
knee|ankle|PartOf|the lower body
rocker|faucet|UsedFor|entertainment
bedroom|hut|IsA|component of a home
camel|cat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tape|radio|MadeOf|paper
grenade|tank|IsA|firearm
tank|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
horse|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
microwave|radio|MadeOf|maybe
fawn|skunk|IsA|predator
man|actress|HasProperty|steel
bathroom|tower|AtLocation|at ground level
rabbit|mink|IsA|sad
prune|cranberry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
finger|shoulder|AtLocation|upper body
raspberry|cherry|IsA|more than one fruit
buggy|canoe|HasA|wheels
house|bungalow|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
canoe|raft|AtLocation|on a mountain
clamp|bolts|HasA|a type of metal
skunk|otter|PartOf|plant
camel|elephant|AtLocation|pet store
groundhog|squirrel|CapableOf|climb trees
wheel|tank|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
flute|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
typewriter|crayon|CapableOf|be used for hair
squirrel|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
beetle|snail|IsA|crustecean
bedroom|building|IsA|place to live permanently
forearm|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
nurse|woman|HasProperty|royalty
bacon|sandwich|HasA|vegetables
house|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
owl|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
cat|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
supper|bean|HasA|meat
hare|beaver|AtLocation|underground
deck|roof|IsA|body part
avocado|beans|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
goat|camel|HasProperty|fluffy
chicken|goat|AtLocation|in water
squirrel|otter|MadeOf|green
rock|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
finger|throat|PartOf|makeup regimen
plug|radio|IsA|digital device
hose|tape|UsedFor|a vehicle
arm|fingers|HasA|less than three joints
rope|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
shoes|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
oven|kettle|UsedFor|heating items up
tank|yacht|UsedFor|farming
tiger|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
liver|hair|IsA|limb
banjo|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
pen|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
pony|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
house|cottage|IsA|component of a home
dishwasher|kettle|UsedFor|storing food 
screws|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pineapple|banana|HasProperty|mostly yellow
mirror|lamp|IsA|home appliance
man|father|IsA|male
tent|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
freezer|fridge|UsedFor|cooking food
cigarette|candle|UsedFor|lighting
jeep|truck|AtLocation|in there
cheese|coconut|CapableOf|bitter
rattlesnake|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
cougar|elephant|HasA|thick body
butter|milk|HasProperty|a liquid
strawberry|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
bolts|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
cigarette|mirror|CapableOf|move
floor|walls|CapableOf|be used home
arm|neck|AtLocation|on your head
hare|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
mixer|faucet|PartOf|tire
clarinet|bagpipe|HasA|strings
building|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
iguana|rattlesnake|HasA|a shell
elk|mole|IsA|mammal
tap|mixer|UsedFor|can your card used home
cherry|banana|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
beetle|ant|IsA|colorful 
elephant|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
screws|wheel|CapableOf|be used in home
beaver|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
knees|knee|AtLocation|upper body
catfish|mackerel|AtLocation|at sea
bolts|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
hare|squirrel|IsA|herbivore
gun|shotgun|UsedFor|bullets
wheel|skis|AtLocation|in there
frog|rabbit|HasA|horn on head
worm|cat|MadeOf|small animals
beans|coconut|HasProperty|green
pipe|screws|PartOf|any of various units of 
mother|wife|HasProperty|female
umbrella|robe|IsA|white object
squirrel|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
dress|skirt|IsA|typically female clothing item
fan|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
cougar|bison|HasA|antler
actress|girlfriend|HasProperty|two syllables
grenade|hose|CapableOf|use electricity
canoe|skis|AtLocation|in water
crocodile|sheep|UsedFor|riding
pear|avocado|HasProperty|red
strainer|pipe|MadeOf|metal
mother|girl|PartOf|hospital staff
neck|finger|PartOf|pair
trousers|pants|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
corn|eggplant|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
pen|scissors|IsA|construction tool
roof|ceiling|PartOf|house
car|jeep|HasA|wheels
rabbit|pony|IsA|carnivore 
toilet|bed|CapableOf|can you sit on it
woman|boy|IsA|family member
stork|dove|HasProperty|a predator
catfish|cod|CapableOf|come in a tin
faucet|magazine|IsA|digital device
chapel|cottage|HasA| place for worship
carpet|bed|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
wrist|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
paintbrush|drill|MadeOf|writing
rifle|pistol|IsA|firearm
iguana|squirrel|HasA| 4 limbs
orange|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
saxophone|banjo|HasA|keys
spider|snail|IsA|slow mover
raspberry|peach|IsA|red  or orang
room|walls|HasA|diagram on it
aunt|cousin|IsA|male
zebra|bison|HasA|antlers/tusks
cherry|pear|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
cabin|inn|AtLocation|at your home
dress|gown|PartOf|lower waistline
elbow|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
bison|ox|HasA|antlers
banjo|piano|CapableOf|be blown into
canoe|skis|CapableOf|roll
orange|banana|HasA|single hard pit
tank|yacht|UsedFor|delivering parcels
frog|turtle|HasA|walking
cabin|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
harpsichord|banjo|UsedFor|sound
forearm|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
mink|raccoon|MadeOf|green
knees|leg|HasProperty|lower body
bed|carpet|CapableOf|be used to sleep
rock|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
bedroom|curtains|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
cottage|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
wine|liquor|IsA|liquid
bolts|faucet|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
squirrel|raccoon|UsedFor|swimming
ant|snail|IsA|slow mover
potatoes|chocolate|IsA|colour red
razor|stick|IsA|construction tool
cigarette|chandelier|UsedFor|wearing
mixer|rocker|IsA|related to music 
birch|willow|HasProperty|alive
crocodile|tiger|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
cabin|tent|IsA|relatively small
giraffe|crocodile|HasA|tail
wrist|shoulder|AtLocation|in your upper body
building|cottage|IsA|component of a home
bridge|building|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
beaver|mole|HasA|long ear
typewriter|screwdriver|UsedFor|hair
mink|rabbit|AtLocation|carnivorous
gate|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
arm|elbow|MadeOf|upper body parts
eel|squid|HasA|fins
skateboard|scooter|AtLocation|in water
strawberry|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
skirt|dress|IsA|piece of clothing
pen|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
skirt|shoes|AtLocation|on lower body
stereo|rope|UsedFor|water
beaver|mink|AtLocation|carnivorous
razor|comb|CapableOf|writing
cranberry|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
fridge|oven|UsedFor|entertainment
grenade|rifle|UsedFor|harm
wheel|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
deer|mink|HasA|hair/fur
butterfly|worm|HasProperty|an insect
curtains|bed|UsedFor|lighting
elephant|zebra|IsA|predator 
deer|cow|AtLocation|jungle
stereo|bolts|AtLocation|kitchen
goat|camel|UsedFor|food products
zebra|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
scooter|buggy|MadeOf|metal
steak|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
trout|cod|HasA|fins
rabbit|raccoon|CapableOf|be held 
plum|strawberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
radio|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
nurse|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
coyote|raccoon|PartOf|herd
meal|salad|HasA|meat
trout|cod|HasA|legs
deer|cow|IsA|typical pet
frog|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
father|son|IsA|parentage relation
fan|radio|AtLocation|at an electronics store
screws|bolts|UsedFor|harm
drill|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
wife|mother|UsedFor|a married person
cranberry|raspberry|HasA|edible skin
faucet|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
brother|uncle|AtLocation|royal meeting room
tongue|throat|CapableOf| taste
tent|hut|IsA|relatively small
jacket|shirt|HasA|sleeves
stereo|hose|MadeOf|metal
caribou|bison|AtLocation|in hot climates 
hand|arm|PartOf|body
bungalow|barn|IsA|religious place
arm|wrist|UsedFor|holding a cup
caribou|ox|CapableOf|carry a adult human
tuna|catfish|HasA|fins
forearm|shoulder|AtLocation|in your upper body
donkey|sheep|HasProperty|fluffy
flea|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
cherry|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
bike|scooter|AtLocation|in there
dishwasher|fridge|HasA|power supply
tank|barrel|IsA|firearm
tiger|crocodile|HasA|tail
worker|woman|IsA|person
trombone|saxophone|HasA|keys
jacket|jeans|IsA|typically female clothing item
neck|ceiling|PartOf|house
bacon|salad|MadeOf|meat
chicken|crab|HasA|fins
rope|tank|CapableOf|transport liquids
deer|bison|HasA|big horns/tusk
rock|rocker|UsedFor|keeping things cool
arm|window|PartOf|room
radio|fan|MadeOf|paper
hut|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
cherry|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
mixer|radio|MadeOf|paper
flute|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
avocado|lime|IsA|fruit
rocker|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
cow|tiger|UsedFor|riding
mixer|radio|CapableOf|make sound
nurse|actress|HasProperty|a picture of a female
church|chapel|IsA|religious place
cherry|prune|PartOf|group or bunch 
comb|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
hand|floor|PartOf|room
raspberry|plum|UsedFor|smoothies
peach|plum|HasA|single hard pit
toilet|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
bolts|plate|IsA|firearm
rock|magazine|MadeOf|maybe
banana|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
raccoon|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
saxophone|trumpet|MadeOf|wood
tank|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
soup|chocolate|IsA|liquid
cow|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
trombone|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
plum|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
clock|coat|HasProperty|worn on the neck
blouse|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
crayon|pen|CapableOf|be used for hair
wrist|arm|AtLocation|below waist
lips|throat|IsA|part of the body
cat|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
banjo|guitar|MadeOf|metal
spider|caterpillar|IsA|bug
rock|tape|IsA|related to music 
father|uncle|HasProperty|an older relative
banjo|trombone|IsA|wind instrument
neck|elbow|HasA|nails
building|tent|IsA|religious place
rabbit|tomato|MadeOf|red
elk|fawn|IsA|predator
horse|cat|HasProperty|fluffy
tank|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
faucet|mixer|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
brush|crayon|IsA|cuting
moth|frog|IsA|colorful 
rocket|screws|CapableOf|transport liquids
squirrel|groundhog|CapableOf|attack human
plate|screws|CapableOf|used in war
bike|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
doctor|nurse|IsA|occupation
grenade|tank|HasProperty|made for violence
iguana|squirrel|AtLocation|in a river 
hand|floor|PartOf|house
gate|apartment|HasProperty|a black and white picture
faucet|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
chicken|asparagus|IsA|black and white
grenade|cannon|CapableOf|be used one-handed
gate|hut|HasA|start with a b
razor|stick|CapableOf|print
trombone|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
hare|otter|IsA|mink
tape|plug|IsA|mostly black in colour
buggy|car|UsedFor|farming
mole|groundhog|CapableOf|attack human
stick|scissors|CapableOf|be used for drawing
garlic|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
bolts|wheel|MadeOf|metal/steel
tank|rocket|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
lantern|candle|UsedFor|camping gear
harmonica|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
curtains|bed|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
fridge|microwave|IsA|electrical appliance
raccoon|rabbit|IsA|mink
eagle|kite|HasA|wings
rifle|pistol|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
cello|banjo|HasA|strings
wife|father|IsA|profession
father|doctor|IsA|male
thigh|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
paper|mink|IsA|bottle
bathroom|bar|HasA|diagram on it
wrist|toe|PartOf|upper body
cod|salmon|HasA|fins
chandelier|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
worker|man|IsA|professional
tap|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
razor|comb|CapableOf|to paint
plate|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
porcupine|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
flea|snail|IsA|plant
blood|eye|AtLocation|on head
cottage|hut|HasProperty|for the rich
skunk|rabbit|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
freezer|stove|PartOf|kitchen appliance
elk|rabbit|IsA|predator
rabbit|dog|CapableOf|be domesticated
screws|rocket|IsA|firearm
potato|tomato|HasProperty|furry
screwdriver|stick|CapableOf|to paint
barrel|rifle|HasProperty|tiger
goat|sheep|UsedFor|a source of milk
scissors|pen|IsA|cuting
jeans|skirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
banana|grapefruit|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
toe|kidney|AtLocation|on head
wife|cousin|HasProperty|older than you
nurse|girl|IsA|family member
wheel|barrel|PartOf|any of various units of 
accordion|tuba|HasA|reed to make it work
stork|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
rock|radio|MadeOf|paper
knee|foot|AtLocation|upper body
deer|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
scooter|skateboard|CapableOf|carry multiple people
hand|fingers|HasA|more than 1 finger
cousin|mother|IsA|younger person
bolts|tap|UsedFor|entertainment
tape|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
cannon|tank|UsedFor|work
shrimp|octopus|HasA|legs/tentacles 
supper|bacon|HasProperty|two syllables
buffalo|caribou|HasA|antlers/tusks
hose|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
plum|cherry|HasA|single hard pit
sink|spoon|HasA|power supply
mixer|hose|AtLocation|kitchen
elbow|arm|HasA|nails
prune|plum|HasA|edible skin (usually)
donkey|sheep|HasA|hooves
spatula|chisel|CapableOf|make holes 
groundhog|alligator|HasA|horn
scarf|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
bison|horse|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
spider|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
church|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
camel|deer|IsA|predator 
cherry|peach|HasProperty|yellow
flea|spider|IsA|plant
prune|banana|HasA|big seed
caterpillar|wasp|HasA|walking
frog|cat|CapableOf|kill a human
meat|salad|AtLocation|in the ground
spider|ant|IsA|colorful 
fan|tape|CapableOf|make sound
hut|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
tuba|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
hose|plug|MadeOf|metal/steel
necklace|cigarette|IsA|home appliance
deer|donkey|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
room|walls|AtLocation|above your head in general
arm|forearm|IsA|joint
bucket|spoon|MadeOf|ceramic materials
gun|pistol|HasA|trigger
bolts|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
king|prince|HasProperty|a family member
room|tower|HasA|glass
worm|cockroach|IsA|bug
deer|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
crayon|paintbrush|HasA|graphite center
tiger|elephant|IsA|an animal
bucket|mug|MadeOf|metal
pistol|tank|UsedFor|shooting
groundhog|skunk|HasA|long ear
hand|arm|IsA|body part
fingers|toe|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
tank|rope|IsA|firearm
bison|tiger|IsA|something a farmer would own
prune|coconut|HasA|stone 
mixer|magazine|UsedFor|entertainment
flute|trombone|UsedFor|sound
girlfriend|girl|IsA|family member
dress|blouse|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
leopard|cheetah|IsA|like a cat
door|wall|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
squirrel|alligator|HasA|trunk
sister|daughter|HasA|blood relation with you
wheelbarrow|dress|HasA|sleeves
typewriter|paintbrush|IsA|metal
catfish|asparagus|IsA|one syllable word
radio|rope|MadeOf|paper
chapel|gate|HasA|own altar
cottage|hut|HasProperty|made of concrete
paintbrush|brush|UsedFor|painting
elbow|body|HasA|bones
sack|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
steak|bean|IsA|diary food
cherry|grapefruit|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
beetle|flea|IsA|colorful 
crayon|chisel|MadeOf|writing
squid|zebra|IsA|fish
rope|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
wheelbarrow|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
jeans|dress|UsedFor|feet
blouse|coat|IsA|worn on the lower body
squid|asparagus|HasA|fins
trombone|clarinet|PartOf|strings
coconut|onions|HasProperty|green
bacon|sugar|IsA|liquid
dishwasher|microwave|CapableOf|be plugged in
hand|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
pipe|barrel|HasProperty|flexible
paintbrush|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
skirt|trousers|AtLocation|upper part of body
dove|stork|HasProperty|a predator
goat|camel|IsA|carnivore 
typewriter|spatula|HasA|sharp edge
nail|body|AtLocation|on you head
fingers|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
squid|eel|HasA|fins
stereo|rocker|IsA|related to music 
rattlesnake|frog|HasA|walking
plate|drill|UsedFor|harm
hose|faucet|UsedFor|can your card used home
mouse|cow|IsA|common pet
scissors|pencil|PartOf|what is the name of 
spider|caterpillar|IsA|crustecean
pigeon|starling|HasProperty|a predator
ankle|foot|AtLocation|below the waist 
pipe|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cloak|jacket|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
pencil|brush|HasA|keyboard
frog|spider|IsA|common pet
nail|leg|IsA|organ
lamp|candle|CapableOf|give off light/glow
knife|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
sink|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
sailboat|skis|MadeOf|metal
stick|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
girl|wife|HasA|a blood relation with you
tap|tape|MadeOf|paper
pony|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
chocolate|salad|IsA|liquid
nurse|actress|HasA|color
rabbit|duck|IsA|food
blouse|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
coat|jacket|IsA|worn on the lower body
cow|goat|UsedFor|food products
rattlesnake|elk|CapableOf|live in water
pencil|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pencil|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
squirrel|rattlesnake|HasA|long ear
stork|falcon|HasA|large wingspan
eye|muscle|AtLocation|inside
rock|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
peach|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
bedroom|curtains|MadeOf|wood
tiger|cat|HasProperty|carnivorous
hand|leg|IsA|joint
buzzard|kite|CapableOf|be a household pet
cabin|hut|HasProperty|for the rich
chisel|razor|CapableOf|be used for drawing
tank|rocket|UsedFor|storage
doctor|nurse|IsA|car
cabin|church|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
rocker|rock|HasA|a type of metal
bathroom|window|CapableOf|be used home
boots|pants|AtLocation|upper part of body
wall|bed|CapableOf|open/close
cat|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
ant|butterfly|HasA|walking
duck|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
meat|potatoes|UsedFor|recipes 
pine|willow|IsA|weapon 
tape|rope|CapableOf|work without electricity
pencil|pen|HasA|keyboard
mixer|bolts|AtLocation|kitchen
arm|skin|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
mink|skunk|HasA|long tail
worker|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
horse|sheep|HasA| mane (hair on it)
squid|asparagus|IsA|black and white
worker|aunt|IsA|female
falcon|vulture|HasA|start with a p
cupboard|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
ant|flea|CapableOf|flying
banana|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
beetle|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
colander|ladle|HasProperty|consuming electricity
parakeet|duck|HasProperty|a predator
house|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
forearm|neck|HasA|nails
tap|hose|CapableOf|provide water
banana|raspberry|HasA|stone inside
typewriter|pen|HasProperty|cutting
raccoon|otter|HasA|long tail
groundhog|rabbit|HasA|horn
plate|rope|CapableOf|transport liquids
tomato|chicken|CapableOf|eating
screwdriver|drill|UsedFor|writing
rabbit|potato|MadeOf|something edible
stereo|rope|UsedFor|dispensing water
plug|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
skateboard|bike|AtLocation|in there
rocket|drill|IsA|firearm
pony|goat|IsA|typical pet
bolts|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
drill|pipe|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
pen|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pistol|cannon|UsedFor|harm
ankle|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
brush|scissors|CapableOf|print
ankle|kidney|AtLocation|on head
scarf|candle|UsedFor|wearing
hand|wrist|HasProperty|part of a pair
cat|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
rope|wheel|CapableOf|use electricity
grapefruit|plum|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
bar|roof|PartOf|house
bedroom|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
leg|ankle|HasProperty|below the waist 
doctor|princess|UsedFor|transportation
skin|body|PartOf|the images displayed
worker|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
coat|shirt|HasA|sleeves
jacket|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
mink|deer|IsA|predator
elephant|donkey|AtLocation|jungle
brother|cousin|IsA|male
razor|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
rocker|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
beaver|mole|HasA|hooves
trout|salmon|HasA|fins
trousers|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
coconut|peach|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
deck|walls|PartOf|house
magazine|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
tank|barrel|IsA|vessel
mouth|brow|CapableOf| taste
sofa|carpet|MadeOf|wood typically
cow|horse|AtLocation|on a farm 
groundhog|deer|IsA|mammal
strainer|screws|HasA|round shape
wheel|jeep|CapableOf|hold more than one person
elbow|forearm|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
girlfriend|woman|HasA|a blood relation with you
lamp|lantern|CapableOf|be set alight with match
yacht|raft|UsedFor|water
snail|worm|IsA|plant
arm|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
shoes|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
kettle|bucket|MadeOf|ceramic materials
comb|razor|CapableOf|be used for hair
wall|carpet|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
cottage|bridge|UsedFor|religious gatherings
zebra|hyena|IsA|has horns
coconut|garlic|IsA|fruit
raft|canoe|CapableOf|carry multiple people
camel|rabbit|IsA|teeth
avocado|prune|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
ankle|knee|IsA|plural
dress|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
wheelbarrow|trousers|UsedFor|transporting things
jacket|trousers|UsedFor|feet protection
lime|olive|CapableOf|bitter
banjo|flute|IsA|brass instrument
wrist|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
rope|rocket|IsA|vessel
hose|tap|IsA|mostly black in colour
worker|nurse|HasProperty|a profession
birch|pine|IsA|weapon 
beans|onions|HasA|any green on it 
elephant|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
raccoon|hare|UsedFor|swimming
wheel|barrel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
stereo|faucet|MadeOf|metal
snail|turtle|HasA|four feet
wheel|hose|IsA|related to music 
donkey|pony|HasProperty|fluffy
jacket|bag|IsA|worn on the lower body
porcupine|beaver|AtLocation|on tree
squid|perch|AtLocation|at sea
muscle|kidney|AtLocation|inside
cousin|doctor|IsA|female
skin|body|IsA|limb
drill|chisel|IsA|construction tool
cottage|inn|AtLocation|at your home
pencil|brush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
necklace|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
door|cupboard|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
oven|microwave|CapableOf|working
trumpet|trombone|IsA|instrument
crocodile|tiger|HasA|long neck
arm|hand|PartOf|pair/no more than two
truck|bike|UsedFor|snow
rabbit|sheep|IsA|teeth
camel|elephant|HasA|antlers
scissors|typewriter|IsA|cuting
worm|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
girl|wife|IsA|profession/title
cannon|rocket|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
tiger|frog|AtLocation|jungle
deer|mole|CapableOf|live in water
grapefruit|banana|IsA|bitter fruit
snail|spider|HasA|wings
pencil|pen|PartOf|what is the name of 
wasp|worm|HasA|walking
rabbit|mink|CapableOf|go underground
sister|mother|HasA|blood relation with you
caribou|deer|IsA|has horns
deer|rabbit|UsedFor|human transport
pigeon|buzzard|CapableOf|be a household pet
cart|giraffe|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
walls|window|AtLocation|above your head in general
wheel|barrel|CapableOf|destroy a building
cranberry|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
pot|bucket|HasA|handle
tank|tractor|UsedFor|land suitable one
skis|bike|IsA|powered vehicle
oven|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
brush|paintbrush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
cockroach|ant|IsA|bug
father|brother|HasProperty|an older relative
elbow|wrist|HasA|less than three joints
coyote|alligator|AtLocation|carnivorous
finger|brow|IsA|pink face feature
tractor|jeep|UsedFor|war
jet|boat|UsedFor|carrying 10 plus people
stick|knife|UsedFor|writing
arm|elbow|HasProperty|upper body
mixer|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
bedroom|wall|UsedFor|storage
beetle|spider|HasProperty|typically able to fly
raspberry|strawberry|HasA|stone 
meal|steak|MadeOf|meat
pear|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
bag|coat|AtLocation|on your upper torso
socks|jeans|PartOf|lower waistline
rifle|pistol|CapableOf|be used in home
rattlesnake|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
cousin|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
scissors|chisel|CapableOf|print
nurse|princess|HasA|a blood relation with you
dog|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
hut|church|IsA|permanent structure
pliers|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
hand|elbow|HasProperty|upper body
trumpet|flute|MadeOf|metal
coat|blouse|AtLocation|on your upper torso
ant|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
shrimp|trout|IsA|mollusk
brush|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
lantern|candle|HasProperty|makes light
paintbrush|pencil|AtLocation|construction site
pony|camel|IsA|teeth
nurse|actress|HasProperty|male
hair|toe|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
tiger|zebra|UsedFor|eating
car|yacht|MadeOf|metal
goat|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
typewriter|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
deck|ceiling|PartOf|house
dress|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
scarf|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
car|buggy|MadeOf|metal
crab|trout|IsA|water animal
boat|skateboard|UsedFor|single person transport
tiger|hyena|IsA|like a cat
tiger|crocodile|IsA|something a farmer would own
bison|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
coyote|fawn|AtLocation|carnivorous
screwdriver|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
toaster|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
gate|chapel|UsedFor|relaxing
mackerel|tuna|IsA|mollusk
tank|grenade|MadeOf|wood (partially)
camel|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
mink|squirrel|CapableOf|climb trees
turtle|snail|AtLocation|nature
trousers|socks|HasProperty|worn below the waist
girlfriend|woman|IsA|female
helicopter|ship|UsedFor|transportation
pelican|hawk|HasA|start with a p
blood|bone|IsA|cancer related card
neck|nail|AtLocation|on your head
wrist|elbow|IsA|plural
raspberry|banana|IsA|fruit
barrel|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
hose|barrel|CapableOf|be used in home
tray|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
deer|sheep|IsA|teeth
cottage|church|AtLocation|at your home
beans|avocado|UsedFor|cleaning
bolts|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
banana|prune|HasA|stone 
chandelier|lamp|CapableOf|use a lightbulb
squirrel|elk|CapableOf|live in water
magazine|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
mixer|tap|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
goat|sheep|HasA|horn on head
microwave|toaster|UsedFor|heating items up
candle|thermometer|IsA|home appliance
cupboard|closet|UsedFor|storage
cigarette|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
rock|rope|UsedFor|entertainment
cherry|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
dog|pony|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
dress|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
building|hut|HasProperty|for the rich
chicken|shrimp|HasA|fins
lemon|lime|HasA|eatable shell or peel
salad|butter|CapableOf|fry
knife|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
magazine|faucet|IsA|related to music 
actress|mother|IsA|sibling
hare|squirrel|AtLocation|underground
beetle|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
skin|hair|CapableOf|help you walk
skis|scooter|IsA|powered vehicle
donkey|crocodile|HasA|fur
cow|camel|IsA|something a farmer would own
butter|wine|UsedFor|drinking
brother|father|IsA|direct relation with you
perch|salmon|HasA|fins
tray|wheel|PartOf|any of various units of 
fingers|hand|AtLocation|below where a watch is
lemon|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
microwave|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
avocado|banana|HasA|yellow color
skis|boat|UsedFor|eating
pineapple|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
comb|typewriter|HasA|sharp edge
worker|father|IsA|female
piano|accordion|HasA|strings
zebra|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
pen|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing
coat|skirt|HasProperty|worn on the neck
car|boat|AtLocation|in there
son|daughter|IsA|child
spoon|tray|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
wheel|boat|UsedFor|snow
cupboard|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
hand|arm|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
scissors|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
crocodile|squirrel|HasA|trunk
worm|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
arm|neck|AtLocation|in your upper body
bridge|bungalow|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
knee|wrist|IsA|plural
stereo|radio|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
pear|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
liver|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
cigarette|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
neck|toe|HasProperty|something humans have two of
actress|woman|HasA|a blood relation with you
gate|church|IsA|permanent structure
clamp|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
spider|worm|IsA|insect
candle|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
sheep|goat|HasProperty|fluffy
cranberry|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
hose|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
bathroom|room|IsA|part of a building
tomato|potato|PartOf|stir fry
wrist|toe|PartOf|the upper body
tent|hut|HasA|start with a b
cousin|mother|IsA|female
princess|daughter|HasProperty|a picture of a female
shirt|blouse|AtLocation|over your knees
uncle|son|HasProperty|a family member
wife|princess|UsedFor|transportation
tape|wheel|HasProperty|round shaped
roof|room|UsedFor|decoration
boat|yacht|MadeOf|metal
spider|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
leg|toe|HasA|bones
orange|garlic|CapableOf|delicious
screwdriver|stick|UsedFor|grooming
magazine|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
soup|bean|IsA|liquid
steak|butter|IsA|liquid
raft|canoe|UsedFor|eating
clamp|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
skateboard|skis|HasA|circular component 
seagull|duck|HasA|large wing span
pear|prune|IsA|red  or orang
bone|neck|IsA|part of the skeleton
room|bathroom|PartOf|garage
lamp|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
typewriter|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
drill|brush|MadeOf|writing
shotgun|grenade|IsA|weapon
tape|hose|CapableOf|work without electricity
tomato|duck|HasProperty|red
catfish|chicken|IsA|mollusk
horse|crocodile|IsA|object
cougar|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
ankle|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
kettle|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
oven|microwave|UsedFor|food
tape|tap|AtLocation|kitchen
jeans|shoes|CapableOf|keep legs warm
magazine|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
jeep|truck|HasA|an engine
daughter|mother|HasProperty|exclusively female
elephant|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
crayon|typewriter|UsedFor|cutting
crocodile|cougar|HasA|hooves
fridge|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
chisel|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
door|cupboard|CapableOf|open/close
pliers|knife|MadeOf|writing
olive|orange|PartOf|eating
helicopter|saucer|IsA| mode of transportation 
bike|wheel|HasA|an engine
gorilla|giraffe|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
body|neck|HasA|bones
pigeon|eagle|PartOf|wild life
uncle|brother|IsA|child
gun|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
doctor|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
squirrel|beaver|HasA|hooves
wheel|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
groundhog|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
tongue|neck|IsA|part of the body
cougar|camel|HasA|horn
skunk|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
wheel|hose|MadeOf|metal
trombone|tuba|HasA|strings
princess|mother|UsedFor|transportation
rattlesnake|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
camel|deer|IsA|teeth
mirror|chandelier|AtLocation|on neck
pony|donkey|IsA|carnivore 
giraffe|crocodile|IsA|has horns
sailboat|yacht|CapableOf|be used on snow
strainer|barrel|HasProperty|circular
princess|aunt|CapableOf|become pregnant 
butterfly|beetle|CapableOf|fly
cherry|prune|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
lantern|mirror|AtLocation|neck
squirrel|mole|HasProperty|originated from north america
car|jeep|HasProperty|consuming fuel
crayon|pen|UsedFor|grooming
deer|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
girlfriend|daughter|HasProperty|male
shoulder|elbow|AtLocation|upper body
cousin|princess|HasProperty|male
rope|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
tap|wheel|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
grenade|rope|UsedFor|shooting
trousers|jacket|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
deck|walls|PartOf|body
trombone|tuba|HasA|reed to make it work
wrist|forearm|AtLocation|upper body
thermometer|lantern|UsedFor|wearing
rattlesnake|ant|MadeOf|small animals
trout|mackerel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
scissors|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
salad|sandwich|HasA|vegetables
mixer|rocker|MadeOf|paper
helicopter|balloon|CapableOf|float 
drill|chisel|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
girl|princess|HasProperty|male
finger|arm|PartOf|body
tiger|sheep|HasProperty|fluffy
chisel|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
sack|jeans|UsedFor|transporting things
duck|pigeon|IsA|alive 
rope|mixer|MadeOf|metal
comb|chisel|CapableOf|print
tiger|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
arm|neck|AtLocation|bottom half of body
duck|eagle|IsA|alive 
giraffe|zebra|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
toe|thigh|AtLocation|bottom half of body
uncle|brother|IsA|male
falcon|pigeon|AtLocation|at a beach
window|walls|IsA|body part
ant|wasp|HasA|walking
pear|raspberry|IsA|more than one fruit
snail|ant|CapableOf|flying
pear|banana|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
turtle|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
scooter|tractor|UsedFor|eating
magazine|bolts|IsA|electric 
thermometer|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
wheel|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
lemon|pineapple|IsA|fruit
worker|wife|IsA|car
raccoon|beaver|HasA|hooves
gate|house|IsA|religion buildings
ceiling|roof|CapableOf|have a chimney
mother|wife|IsA|direct or immediate relation
leopard|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
beer|soup|IsA|liquid
strainer|pipe|HasProperty|part of a car
cart|elephant|HasA|stripes
girl|doctor|IsA|male
fan|plug|IsA|digital device
arm|nail|AtLocation|on head
trumpet|banjo|MadeOf|metal
tongue|brow|AtLocation|below mouth
wheel|plug|UsedFor|entertainment
mirror|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
boy|princess|IsA|car
bone|liver|AtLocation|in the torso
rope|barrel|CapableOf|use electricity
doctor|woman|IsA|female
screwdriver|pliers|MadeOf|writing
soup|steak|MadeOf|meat
lamb|goat|HasProperty|red
actress|princess|IsA|sibling
rock|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
princess|woman|HasProperty|exclusively female
closet|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
brother|uncle|AtLocation|in a royal family
mink|porcupine|IsA|rodent
porcupine|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
mirror|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
leg|nail|IsA|organ
toe|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
rifle|tank|MadeOf|wood (partially)
pen|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
church|apartment|HasProperty|a black and white picture
lamp|lantern|UsedFor|a light source
hose|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
tray|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
fan|magazine|MadeOf|steel
cello|violin|HasProperty|played with a bow
blouse|jacket|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
buggy|scooter|AtLocation|in there
coat|bag|HasA|wheel
barn|hut|IsA|permanent structure
elk|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
jeans|skirt|AtLocation|on lower body
cigarette|mirror|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
goat|bison|IsA|typical pet
hare|beaver|IsA|mammal
rattlesnake|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
cannon|hose|CapableOf|use electricity
leg|ankle|PartOf|an appendage
potato|tomato|IsA|animal
bison|donkey|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
banjo|flute|MadeOf|wood
eggplant|garlic|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
hose|tap|UsedFor|dispensing water
butterfly|spider|HasA|walking
yacht|boat|UsedFor|water
rope|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
coat|pants|HasA|wheel
window|roof|AtLocation|at ground level
pear|cherry|IsA|fruit
mixer|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
nurse|aunt|HasProperty|two syllables
harmonica|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
wine|whisky|IsA|alcohol
toe|neck|UsedFor|a fight
rocker|rock|IsA|digital device
tank|jeep|UsedFor|land suitable one
prune|pear|IsA|red  or orang
rattlesnake|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
elephant|elk|IsA|predator 
plum|orange|HasProperty|yellow
typewriter|crayon|UsedFor|cutting
actress|boy|CapableOf|bear a child
cigarette|lantern|AtLocation|on neck
arm|finger|PartOf|room
brother|cousin|IsA|child
radio|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
screws|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
cat|cow|HasProperty|four-legged
rocker|oven|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
nurse|doctor|HasProperty|a profession
worm|beetle|PartOf|water
yacht|scooter|HasA|wheels
rope|tape|AtLocation|kitchen
leg|toe|AtLocation|below waist
shrimp|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
bike|buggy|HasA|wheels
apartment|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
beaver|squirrel|HasProperty|originated from north america
pen|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for hair
rattlesnake|snail|AtLocation|nature
screwdriver|scissors|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
banana|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
pen|stick|CapableOf|print
pencil|scissors|MadeOf|writing
parakeet|starling|HasA|large wingspan
shrimp|tuna|IsA|water animal
eagle|pigeon|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
drill|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
toilet|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
guitar|saxophone|HasA|strings
knife|crayon|CapableOf|be used for hair
shoes|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
lamb|onions|MadeOf|something edible
elbow|forearm|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
prune|banana|HasProperty|sweet
deer|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
barrel|tank|HasA|wheels
deck|bathroom|PartOf|room
pencil|crayon|CapableOf|writing
wife|nurse|IsA|female
carpet|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
chisel|pen|UsedFor|grooming
aunt|woman|HasProperty|a picture of a female
sauce|beer|HasProperty|a liquid
squirrel|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
tent|apartment|HasA|start with a b
cello|guitar|CapableOf|easily carried around
strawberry|cranberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
gun|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
pants|trousers|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
corn|garlic|IsA|green vegetable 
supper|meal|HasA|vegetables
beetle|wasp|IsA|bug
skirt|dress|PartOf|lower waistline
wife|aunt|HasA|child
soup|whisky|HasProperty|a liquid
moth|butterfly|IsA|insect
socks|coat|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
pipe|rope|UsedFor|building
typewriter|brush|MadeOf|writing
elephant|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
mole|mink|HasA|hair/fur
rock|plug|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
hawk|eagle|IsA|sea bird
rabbit|beaver|CapableOf|be held 
plug|bolts|AtLocation|at an electronics store
spider|moth|MadeOf|small animals
fingers|neck|PartOf|body
bison|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
wrist|hand|MadeOf|upper body parts
skunk|rattlesnake|AtLocation|carnivorous
trousers|pants|HasA|wheel
turtle|cat|MadeOf|small animals
actress|princess|HasA|child
paintbrush|crayon|PartOf|what is the name of 
rabbit|coyote|HasA|horn
spatula|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
cottage|bungalow|IsA|place to live permanently
bison|elephant|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
rocket|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
spatula|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
pliers|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
pen|paintbrush|CapableOf|writing
octopus|tuna|IsA|water animal
father|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
door|bed|UsedFor|lighting
thigh|knees|HasProperty|has five toes
raccoon|skunk|HasA|long tail
chicken|duck|HasA|wings
raccoon|mole|UsedFor|swimming
alligator|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
church|chapel|UsedFor|a place of worship
cow|squirrel|PartOf|jumping
trombone|saxophone|MadeOf|wood
screws|clamp|HasA|number on it
body|eye|CapableOf|help you walk
crocodile|deer|UsedFor|riding
scissors|drill|UsedFor|grooming
girl|nurse|HasProperty|a picture of a female
apartment|inn|HasProperty|a black and white picture
pants|jeans|IsA|typically female clothing item
elbow|neck|AtLocation|below where a watch is
canoe|sailboat|UsedFor|water
cathedral|chapel|UsedFor|religious gathering
stereo|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
bacon|chocolate|IsA|liquid
banana|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
plate|wheel|IsA|firearm
canoe|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
grapefruit|orange|IsA|citrus fruit
stork|sparrow|CapableOf|be a household pet
zebra|gorilla|IsA|herbivore
salmon|cod|IsA|mollusk
pen|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
plum|raspberry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
flute|harpsichord|HasA|keys
candle|chandelier|UsedFor|a light source
squirrel|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
father|wife|HasProperty|a picture of a female
hose|tap|PartOf|tire
magazine|microwave|CapableOf|be use for transportation
necklace|lamp|UsedFor|lighting
chapel|church|IsA|religious place
raft|scooter|HasA|an engine
paintbrush|pencil|CapableOf|print
bed|spade|IsA|weapon
gown|socks|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
stick|scissors|CapableOf|print
trumpet|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
car|tractor|UsedFor|land suitable one
drill|brush|CapableOf|writing
grenade|tank|UsedFor|storage
cupboard|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
elephant|camel|MadeOf|a living thing
screwdriver|crayon|PartOf|drawing
buggy|jeep|UsedFor|delivering parcels
crayon|typewriter|UsedFor|writing
elbow|hand|AtLocation|below waist
mole|porcupine|HasProperty|originated from north america
tape|faucet|IsA|related to music 
sheep|camel|HasA| mane (hair on it)
squirrel|hare|IsA|sad
tongue|neck|HasProperty|used affected during make up
girl|aunt|HasProperty|a picture of a female
brush|pliers|CapableOf|be used for drawing
hare|skunk|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
worm|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
fan|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
ankle|knees|AtLocation|upper body
bison|pony|UsedFor|riding
boy|nurse|IsA|person
chicken|octopus|HasA|legs
clamp|mixer|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
knife|chisel|CapableOf|make holes 
woman|girl|IsA|family member
squid|salmon|IsA|water animal
gun|rifle|CapableOf|be used one-handed
elbow|arm|IsA|part of the skeleton
banjo|guitar|HasA|keyboard
cougar|tiger|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
clarinet|harp|HasA|keys
boots|jeans|UsedFor|warming upper body
tower|walls|HasA|glass
fan|stereo|MadeOf|metal
vulture|duck|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
trumpet|saxophone|PartOf|strings
flea|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
girl|actress|IsA|head
raccoon|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
lamp|candle|IsA|item of clothing
drill|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
crab|octopus|AtLocation|at sea
fawn|elk|UsedFor|pulling santa's sleigh
tiger|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
tap|wheel|HasA|a type of metal
horse|dog|IsA|something a farmer would own
lemon|coconut|CapableOf|spices
bike|skateboard|UsedFor|land suitable one
plug|hose|IsA|related to music 
elephant|zebra|HasA|long neck
tent|cottage|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
trousers|jeans|HasA|sleeves
faucet|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
plate|screws|UsedFor|storing wine
alligator|deer|AtLocation|carnivorous
actress|girl|IsA|noun
microwave|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
avocado|onions|IsA|purple vegetable
raccoon|mole|IsA|animal with long ears
chapel|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
blouse|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
camel|pony|IsA|something a farmer would own
necklace|scarf|UsedFor|providing light
roof|walls|PartOf|body
cannon|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
duck|falcon|HasA|start with a p
knife|spatula|UsedFor|writing
elbow|body|AtLocation|inside
doctor|worker|IsA|family member
hand|fingers|UsedFor|waving
dove|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
yacht|sailboat|CapableOf|be used on snow
arm|wrist|HasProperty|something humans have two of
avocado|grapefruit|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
bedroom|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
squirrel|skunk|AtLocation|on  a tree
knees|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
tuna|trout|HasA|fins
rocket|cannon|IsA|firearm
skunk|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
rocket|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
canoe|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
radio|tape|CapableOf|provide water
flute|banjo|UsedFor|sound
aunt|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
thigh|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
drill|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
toe|finger|HasProperty|something humans have two of
sheep|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
perch|catfish|AtLocation|at sea
nurse|girl|HasProperty|steel
bridge|bed|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
wasp|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
cannon|grenade|UsedFor|bullets
trombone|clarinet|UsedFor|blowing
deer|tiger|IsA|something a farmer would own
tank|barrel|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
neck|shoulder|PartOf|upper body
beaver|rabbit|IsA|mammal
mother|daughter|IsA|female
elk|mole|IsA|herbivore
grenade|rifle|MadeOf|wood (partially)
shoulder|arm|PartOf|the upper body
cockroach|moth|CapableOf|flying
paintbrush|knife|UsedFor|grooming
blender|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bison|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
worker|boy|HasA|friends on it
ox|cougar|UsedFor|travel
sandwich|soup|HasProperty|meaty
bolts|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
cousin|mother|HasA|blood relationship with you
vulture|pelican|HasProperty|domesticated
cranberry|raspberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
sack|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
leg|roof|PartOf|room
barrel|shotgun|UsedFor|firing artillery
mole|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
inn|house|UsedFor|a place of worship
skunk|mole|AtLocation|on tree
plug|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
celery|broccoli|HasProperty|green
cherry|lemon|CapableOf|spices
floor|roof|UsedFor|tiling
orange|cheese|CapableOf|spices
banjo|piano|MadeOf|wood
raspberry|strawberry|IsA|fruit
fan|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rabbit|onions|MadeOf|something edible
banjo|trombone|HasA|strings
groundhog|mole|AtLocation|on tree
prune|cherry|HasProperty|sweet
church|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
mackerel|salmon|HasA|legs/tentacles 
hand|elbow|HasProperty|something humans have two of
bolts|hose|IsA|related to music 
chandelier|scarf|CapableOf|move
cockroach|spider|IsA|bug
bar|tower|IsA|part of a building
bed|cottage|IsA|red home
truck|boat|HasA|an engine
leg|hand|HasA|foot attached 
oven|microwave|IsA|electrical appliance
skirt|pants|UsedFor|covering legs
screws|wheel|HasA|number on it
tiger|deer|IsA|something a farmer would own
cloak|skirt|IsA|white object
tuba|flute|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
man|boy|HasProperty|a blood relative
paintbrush|brush|HasA|keyboard
crayon|paintbrush|AtLocation|construction site
father|daughter|IsA|royalty
deer|fawn|IsA|mammal
nurse|boy|HasA|the color brown in it
coconut|olive|UsedFor|testy
rabbit|deer|HasA| mane (hair on it)
rabbit|mole|CapableOf|live in water
cherry|lime|PartOf|eating
boots|shoes|AtLocation|above the feet
tuna|mackerel|AtLocation|at sea
shirt|gown|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
nurse|girl|IsA|car
rocker|plug|IsA|digital device
plug|hose|UsedFor|can your card used home
camel|donkey|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
blender|sink|CapableOf|hold water
wheel|plate|CapableOf|destroy a building
gun|pistol|HasProperty|made for violence
ankle|arm|IsA|plural
eggplant|onions|HasProperty|green
tape|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
tongue|neck|PartOf|makeup regimen
alligator|turtle|HasA|legs
hut|house|HasA|start with a b
chapel|hut|IsA|component of a home
chocolate|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
actress|nurse|MadeOf|metal
barrel|pipe|UsedFor|building
freezer|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
canoe|skis|UsedFor|eating
daughter|woman|HasProperty|royalty
rattlesnake|snail|CapableOf|flying
forearm|finger|AtLocation|below waist
harmonica|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
cat|camel|CapableOf|be domesticated
barrel|tank|IsA|firearm
leg|window|PartOf|room
cod|zebra|HasA|red shell when cooked
iguana|elephant|CapableOf|be found in the water
leg|shoulder|PartOf|an appendage
dress|scarf|CapableOf|be worn
salad|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
cheetah|cougar|IsA|herbivore
rabbit|goat|IsA|carnivore 
wheel|screws|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
trombone|saxophone|IsA|instrument
squirrel|deer|IsA|mammal
plum|lemon|IsA|fruit
hose|clamp|IsA|digital device
bar|deck|AtLocation|above your head in general
nurse|boy|IsA|head
cat|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
church|barn|AtLocation|at your home
pipe|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rock|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rabbit|skunk|HasProperty|4 letters long
dog|cow|IsA|something a farmer would own
leg|ankle|IsA|plural
onions|goat|AtLocation|in water
raspberry|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
garlic|cherry|IsA|vegetable
crayon|brush|MadeOf|writing
vulture|hawk|IsA|dangerous bird
steak|meal|HasProperty|meaty
bison|elephant|IsA|predator 
camel|cougar|IsA|type of cat
raspberry|avocado|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
barrel|rope|UsedFor|harm
candle|lantern|MadeOf|/contain glass
squirrel|snail|IsA|reptile
beaver|mole|HasA|hair/fur
starling|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
brush|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rocker|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
orange|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
kidney|blood|AtLocation|inside
father|boy|IsA|professional
window|tower|AtLocation|at ground level
pen|pencil|HasA|bushy tail
canoe|boat|CapableOf|be used on snow
hand|elbow|IsA|plural
bacon|meal|HasA|meat
actress|aunt|IsA|male
door|bed|CapableOf|open/close
camel|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
shirt|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
elbow|shoulder|PartOf|an appendage
elbow|forearm|HasA|more than one joint
owl|seagull|HasProperty|a predator
spider|worm|CapableOf|fly
camel|elephant|IsA|teeth
pliers|screwdriver|CapableOf|be used for drawing
avocado|coconut|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
mixer|clamp|HasA|a type of metal
skunk|raccoon|CapableOf|be held 
avocado|pear|HasProperty|red
toilet|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
faucet|tap|IsA|electronic device
screwdriver|typewriter|HasA|sharp edge
boy|man|CapableOf|bear a child
scarf|cigarette|CapableOf|move
ankle|toe|AtLocation|below the knee
snail|cat|AtLocation|nature
trumpet|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
violin|banjo|HasA|strings
canoe|skateboard|HasA|wheels
goat|deer|HasA| mane (hair on it)
plum|banana|PartOf|a red the color of
eel|zebra|IsA|fish
fawn|elk|HasA|hair/fur
grapefruit|avocado|HasProperty|oval/round
corn|beans|IsA|green vegetable
bungalow|inn|IsA|component of a home
skirt|jacket|UsedFor|feet protection
screwdriver|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tape|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
shield|robe|HasProperty|something that is worn
grenade|cannon|UsedFor|storage
dishwasher|kettle|UsedFor|cooking food
cow|sheep|HasA|hooves
girl|girlfriend|IsA|male
neck|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
kite|vulture|PartOf|wild life
wrist|shoulder|IsA|plural
worm|flea|CapableOf|flying
barrel|screws|PartOf|any of various units of 
vulture|eagle|CapableOf|attack others
shoes|socks|AtLocation|on your feet
dress|necklace|CapableOf|be worn
nail|eye|CapableOf|help you walk
mole|otter|IsA|mink
dress|jeans|UsedFor|covering legs
neck|leg|IsA|body part
hut|building|AtLocation|at your home
kidney|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
plug|fan|MadeOf|metal/steel
microwave|cupboard|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
leg|ankle|IsA|limb
rocket|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
raccoon|squirrel|HasA|horn
garlic|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
woman|cousin|HasProperty|male
worker|mother|IsA|head
cow|deer|IsA|carnivore 
mackerel|squid|AtLocation|at sea
stove|oven|UsedFor|making food
nurse|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
avocado|onions|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
snail|caterpillar|HasProperty|typically able to fly
bar|deck|PartOf|body
tiger|camel|HasProperty|fluffy
liver|kidney|IsA|cancer related card
plug|tape|MadeOf|steel mainly
window|floor|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
ladle|sink|HasProperty|electrically powered
raspberry|grapefruit|IsA|more than one fruit
avocado|broccoli|IsA|green vegetable
bison|cat|HasProperty|fluffy
rope|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
shoulder|elbow|HasA|more than one joint
mixer|hose|MadeOf|paper
skirt|scarf|CapableOf|be worn
hand|wrist|IsA|plural
hare|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
pistol|rifle|UsedFor|shooting
vulture|duck|IsA|alive 
harmonica|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
window|bathroom|PartOf|house
skunk|porcupine|CapableOf|hunt other animals
cupboard|carpet|UsedFor|sleep
mole|deer|HasProperty|living in water
coat|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
hawk|vulture|IsA|sea bird
toaster|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
princess|actress|IsA|sibling
yacht|raft|AtLocation|in there
guitar|trombone|UsedFor|sound
garlic|pear|HasA|stone 
pen|comb|HasProperty|cutting
chisel|drill|MadeOf|writing
pigeon|pelican|CapableOf|fly
broom|spade|IsA|man made thing
dress|pants|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
knife|drill|UsedFor|writing
broccoli|corn|IsA|vegetable
grapefruit|banana|HasA|edible skin
coat|dress|IsA|item of clothing
orange|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
turtle|elephant|IsA|reptile
arm|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
drill|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
hair|muscle|AtLocation|on your head
elk|camel|MadeOf|a living thing
grenade|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
bacon|sandwich|UsedFor|dinner
mixer|tape|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
grapefruit|pear|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
room|tower|AtLocation|above your head
cupboard|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tiger|bison|HasProperty|fluffy
tank|barrel|HasProperty|tiger
ant|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly
building|tent|HasProperty|for the rich
meal|steak|HasProperty|two syllables
giraffe|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
tomato|onions|IsA|animal
chisel|stick|UsedFor|grooming
wrist|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
mole|hare|IsA|sad
stove|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pen|drill|CapableOf|to paint
snail|beetle|HasA|walking
bed|cupboard|CapableOf|open/close
squirrel|skunk|HasA|horn
crocodile|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
nose|tongue|AtLocation|below mouth
beetle|moth|CapableOf|fly
sheep|bison|HasA| mane (hair on it)
woman|girl|HasProperty|a female
deer|crocodile|HasA|fur
skin|nail|AtLocation|inside
mink|alligator|HasProperty|living in water
drill|wheel|IsA|firearm
chocolate|sugar|MadeOf|several ingredients
bone|toe|IsA|limb
actress|princess|HasA|blood relation with you
mole|otter|CapableOf|running fast
woman|girl|IsA|female
rabbit|onions|AtLocation|in water
tap|tape|CapableOf|work without electricity
skunk|plastic|CapableOf|burn
screwdriver|paintbrush|PartOf|what is the name of 
magazine|tape|CapableOf|provide water
apartment|bedroom|MadeOf|one or more rooms
bucket|mug|UsedFor|boiling water
fridge|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
wife|princess|CapableOf|become pregnant 
fridge|dishwasher|CapableOf|be plugged in
elephant|cart|HasA|stripes
sauce|butter|CapableOf|fry
corn|garlic|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
mouse|frog|IsA|household pet
mouse|cow|IsA|household pet
giraffe|zebra|IsA|predator 
hawk|falcon|IsA|bird of prey
hyena|tiger|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
nurse|woman|IsA|car
room|window|AtLocation|in your apartment
spoon|colander|HasA|power supply
mirror|cigarette|UsedFor|wearing
pencil|crayon|CapableOf|make holes 
socks|jeans|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
squid|shrimp|HasA|legs
wrist|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
arm|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
barrel|hose|CapableOf|contain water
worker|man|IsA|male
room|walls|PartOf|a house
prince|father|IsA|female
cherry|orange|CapableOf|delicious
rock|hose|MadeOf|metal/steel
raspberry|prune|HasProperty|yellow
woman|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
grenade|cannon|CapableOf|used in war
strainer|screws|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
salmon|tuna|IsA|card facing left
woman|aunt|IsA|female
blouse|coat|AtLocation|on your upper torso
butter|milk|IsA|colour red
moth|ant|HasA|walking
onions|cherry|HasProperty|green
strawberry|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
scooter|buggy|UsedFor|eating
door|kettle|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
wheel|tank|AtLocation|in there
radio|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
truck|skateboard|UsedFor|single person transport
saucer|helicopter|CapableOf|fly
doctor|wife|UsedFor|transportation
closet|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
fawn|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
plate|screws|UsedFor|daily usage 
worm|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
tongue|mouth|IsA|part of the body
fan|tape|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
closet|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
wheel|plug|HasProperty|round shaped
chisel|stick|CapableOf|to paint
screwdriver|brush|HasA|sharp edge
tape|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
bacon|steak|IsA|diary food
worm|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
spider|beetle|CapableOf|fly
pants|skirt|AtLocation|above the feet
ant|caterpillar|HasA|wings
catfish|mackerel|HasA|red shell when cooked
cathedral|church|UsedFor|a place of worship
sugar|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
raccoon|beaver|IsA|mammal
ship|airplane|UsedFor|transportation
knife|brush|MadeOf|writing
squirrel|porcupine|IsA|predator
skirt|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
woodpecker|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
coconut|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
sister|mother|PartOf|close blood relative
donkey|rabbit|HasProperty|fluffy
trumpet|clarinet|CapableOf|be blown into
wife|girlfriend|IsA|profession/title
pineapple|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
pineapple|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
sofa|door|UsedFor|storage
squirrel|frog|PartOf|jumping
king|prince|IsA|male
tuba|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
blender|freezer|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pliers|spatula|CapableOf|writing
ladle|spoon|UsedFor|transferring liquids
crocodile|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
plastic|mink|CapableOf|burn
tank|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
house|tent|HasA| 5 letters or less
clarinet|flute|HasA|reed to make it work
comb|razor|PartOf|drawing
hawk|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
doctor|father|IsA|female
bean|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
father|aunt|IsA|female
shoulder|wrist|IsA|plural
finger|forearm|AtLocation|upper body
pen|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
mole|hare|CapableOf|climb trees
harmonica|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
chicken|trout|HasA|red shell when cooked
flea|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
gown|blouse|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
elbow|hand|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
rock|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
razor|pen|MadeOf|writing
knife|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
ceiling|room|PartOf|a house
sink|ladle|HasProperty|using electricity
clamp|wheel|IsA|digital device
eye|ankle|HasA|bones
father|worker|IsA|male
horse|giraffe|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
plug|wheel|MadeOf|metal
wife|nurse|HasProperty|two syllables
gorilla|elk|IsA|type of big cat
bridge|gate|HasA|roof
scooter|bike|CapableOf|hold more than one person
clock|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
thigh|leg|AtLocation|below waist
bacon|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
church|hut|IsA|place to live permanently
plug|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
cheese|olive|MadeOf|juice making
gun|cannon|CapableOf|used in war
deck|walls|IsA|body part
bolts|screws|IsA|firearm
necklace|lantern|UsedFor|wearing
buggy|skis|UsedFor|eating
rabbit|hare|CapableOf|climb trees
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
beetle|snail|PartOf|water
paintbrush|brush|MadeOf|only metal
bed|sofa|UsedFor|storage
paintbrush|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
wasp|caterpillar|IsA|plant
wall|curtains|MadeOf|wood
rabbit|squirrel|HasProperty|known for a bushy tail
camel|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
pencil|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
cat|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
pipe|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
typewriter|stick|UsedFor|hair
doctor|boy|IsA|male
jeans|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
squirrel|cat|PartOf|water
olive|garlic|MadeOf|juice making
skirt|trousers|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
skirt|blouse|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
cougar|giraffe|IsA|type of cat
car|tractor|MadeOf|metal
squirrel|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
hare|otter|IsA|sad
microwave|oven|UsedFor|entertainment
dress|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
razor|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cow|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
buzzard|eagle|HasProperty|a predator
rope|hose|IsA|firearm
bison|elephant|UsedFor|travel
buzzard|dove|HasA|large wingspan
mixer|radio|UsedFor|listening to music
sheep|frog|IsA|teeth
candle|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
salad|bean|HasProperty|smaller than your thumb
neck|shoulder|UsedFor|holding a cup
piano|guitar|MadeOf|strings
yacht|truck|HasA|an engine
tractor|jeep|UsedFor|farming
elephant|zebra|CapableOf|fly
nail|ankle|IsA|limb
coyote|rabbit|CapableOf|climb trees
carpet|cupboard|CapableOf|open/close
jacket|shoes|UsedFor|warming upper body
spade|bed|IsA|weapon
bone|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
lemon|lime|IsA|vegetable
skirt|blouse|IsA|home appliance
camel|elk|UsedFor|travel
harmonica|trombone|HasA|keys
girl|wife|HasProperty|exclusively female
accordion|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
bolts|rope|IsA|electric 
fan|oven|CapableOf|be use for transportation
tape|wheel|UsedFor|entertainment
salmon|crab|HasA|red shell when cooked
olive|tomato|IsA|fruit
arm|shoulder|IsA|limb
mole|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
nurse|wife|HasProperty|a picture of a female
spatula|pen|HasProperty|cutting
forearm|shoulder|HasProperty|something humans have two of
girlfriend|daughter|CapableOf|become pregnant 
kettle|tray|AtLocation|on a countertop
cabin|bed|IsA|permanent structure
jeans|boots|IsA|piece of clothing
orange|lemon|CapableOf|delicious
horse|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
beaver|coyote|IsA|mammal
screwdriver|razor|CapableOf|print
meat|milk|UsedFor|recipes 
elephant|horse|CapableOf|fly
tank|yacht|AtLocation|in there
accordion|cello|MadeOf|strings
screwdriver|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
flute|harp|UsedFor|sound
ankle|knee|HasProperty|lower body
clarinet|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
dress|skirt|IsA|accessory
trombone|trumpet|HasA|start with a t
pen|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
nurse|woman|IsA|family member
squid|octopus|HasA|shell
garlic|avocado|IsA|vegetable
brush|pencil|IsA|construction tool
pants|dress|AtLocation|foot
pony|cow|HasA|horn on head
kite|falcon|HasA|start with a p
sack|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
celery|avocado|UsedFor|cleaning
cabin|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
daughter|actress|IsA|male
sheep|goat|UsedFor|a source of milk
inn|apartment|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
deer|tiger|AtLocation|jungle
pony|cow|IsA|something a farmer would own
drill|pen|AtLocation|construction site
liver|blood|AtLocation|in the torso
arm|fingers|PartOf|room
stick|pencil|PartOf|drawing
clamp|faucet|UsedFor|a vehicle
liquor|butter|IsA|alcohol
crocodile|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
vulture|hawk|HasA|start with a p
scissors|typewriter|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
tank|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
tomato|garlic|IsA|vegetable
perch|tuna|AtLocation|at sea
faucet|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
tiger|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
milk|potatoes|MadeOf|several ingredients
hare|groundhog|PartOf|herd
pipe|drill|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
wife|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
inn|house|UsedFor|religious gatherings
blood|muscle|AtLocation|on head
hose|plug|MadeOf|paper
beaver|rattlesnake|HasA|long ear
scissors|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
paintbrush|knife|IsA|construction tool
plate|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
harp|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held
fingers|elbow|AtLocation|upper body
forearm|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
rattlesnake|squirrel|HasA|walking
tap|plug|PartOf|tire
bungalow|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|be launched/fired
butter|sauce|AtLocation|in the ground
toe|ankle|CapableOf|carrying objects
room|bar|HasA|diagram on it
plug|rope|MadeOf|metal/steel
tap|mixer|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
sink|tray|AtLocation|on a countertop
salmon|mackerel|HasA|fins
wheel|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
stereo|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
stereo|mixer|UsedFor|electronic uses
chicken|octopus|HasA|fins
forearm|neck|AtLocation|below waist
drill|pencil|MadeOf|writing
rope|pipe|CapableOf|be used in home
grenade|hose|IsA|firearm
canoe|wheel|AtLocation|in there
spider|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
snail|spider|IsA|slow mover
skin|eye|AtLocation|below your waist
clarinet|trombone|UsedFor|blowing
tape|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
boy|actress|CapableOf|bear a child
rabbit|frog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
magazine|radio|CapableOf|working
rabbit|chicken|IsA|food
salad|sandwich|UsedFor|dinner
skis|tractor|UsedFor|land suitable one
pliers|razor|CapableOf|be used for drawing
thigh|toe|PartOf|lower body
screwdriver|scissors|CapableOf|print
tiger|donkey|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
potatoes|soup|IsA|liquid
foot|toe|PartOf|the upper body
groundhog|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
girlfriend|actress|IsA|female (strictly)
wheel|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
bar|floor|UsedFor|drinking
bedroom|curtains|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
coconut|orange|HasA|eatable shell or peel
hand|arm|HasA|more than 1 finger
bean|supper|HasProperty|smaller than your thumb
garlic|onions|IsA|green vegetable 
carpet|bed|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
wife|cousin|IsA|female
girl|nurse|HasA|a blood relation with you
squirrel|snail|AtLocation|nature
flute|clarinet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
umbrella|robe|UsedFor|protection
seagull|buzzard|HasProperty|a predator
camel|giraffe|IsA|has horns
flute|clarinet|CapableOf|be played with mouth
cockroach|beetle|IsA|insect
wrist|hand|UsedFor|waving
tiger|hyena|IsA|has horns
roof|window|IsA|body part
prune|avocado|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
wall|sofa|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
raft|wheel|AtLocation|in there
cat|frog|UsedFor|human transport
clarinet|guitar|MadeOf|strings
shoes|socks|AtLocation|above the feet
mixer|tap|CapableOf|be turned on
girl|princess|CapableOf|become pregnant 
boots|sack|HasA|sleeves
sheep|rabbit|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
man|wife|IsA|profession
ox|elephant|HasA|antlers
milk|whisky|UsedFor|drinking
tent|bridge|IsA|religious place
son|king|IsA|male
girlfriend|daughter|IsA|female
tape|hose|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
horse|cow|HasA|horn on head
stereo|magazine|UsedFor|entertainment
stereo|radio|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
falcon|hawk|IsA|bird of prey
roof|tower|PartOf|body
church|house|AtLocation|at your home
uncle|cousin|IsA|male
screwdriver|pliers|UsedFor|hair
radio|fan|UsedFor|electronic uses
ant|caterpillar|HasA|walking
plum|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
saxophone|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
wheel|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
rattlesnake|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
shoulder|toe|PartOf|upper body
shield|skirt|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
screws|cannon|UsedFor|shooting
uncle|father|IsA|female
walls|bar|IsA|body part
stick|chisel|CapableOf|be used for drawing
elephant|turtle|HasA|legs
chisel|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
flute|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
car|tractor|CapableOf|carry multiple people
jet|bowl|AtLocation|on water
violin|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
coyote|deer|CapableOf|live in water
trombone|banjo|IsA|instrument
neck|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
tape|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
groundhog|hare|AtLocation|carnivorous
cabin|apartment|HasProperty|a black and white picture
sheep|tiger|HasA| mane (hair on it)
butter|sauce|UsedFor|desserts
wheel|bike|HasA|engine
corn|beans|IsA|green vegetable 
microwave|stove|CapableOf|be plugged in
wife|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
arm|eye|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
girl|daughter|HasProperty|royalty
rope|bolts|UsedFor|daily usage 
cabin|church|IsA|permanent structure
trout|perch|HasA|red shell when cooked
beans|onions|HasA|seeds
bed|cupboard|MadeOf|wood
perch|lobster|AtLocation|on a farm
raspberry|pear|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
woman|actress|MadeOf|metal
shrimp|trout|IsA|water animal
razor|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
doctor|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
car|tractor|UsedFor|farming
ceiling|tower|UsedFor|tiling
fingers|wrist|MadeOf|a whole body part
tractor|jeep|HasA|an engine
piano|saxophone|MadeOf|wood
porcupine|fawn|CapableOf|be held 
cat|worm|IsA|colorful 
ant|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
wheel|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
sled|bike|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
lamp|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
rocket|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
yacht|raft|UsedFor|riding on water
trombone|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
octopus|squid|HasA|fins
cigarette|candle|CapableOf|be worn
boy|man|IsA|male
pliers|screwdriver|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
wheel|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
clarinet|bagpipe|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
bathroom|ceiling|PartOf|human body
brush|chisel|PartOf|drawing
catfish|lobster|HasA|red shell when cooked
sink|ladle|CapableOf|hold water
rocket|pistol|IsA|vessel
pen|typewriter|MadeOf|only metal
rattlesnake|crocodile|HasA|a shell
stereo|radio|MadeOf|metal
neck|ankle|IsA|plural
flea|turtle|IsA|colorful 
flea|butterfly|IsA|bug
garlic|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
plate|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
razor|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bathroom|roof|CapableOf|let in air
pencil|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
barrel|pipe|PartOf|any of various units of 
cottage|cabin|IsA|religious place
worker|actress|IsA|female
brush|knife|CapableOf|to paint
coconut|prune|IsA|physical fruit or veg
flea|cockroach|IsA|plant
girlfriend|woman|HasA|blood relation with you
deer|elephant|HasA|horn or antler
hose|plate|CapableOf|used in war
curtains|door|UsedFor|storage
moth|flea|HasA|walking
screws|rope|HasA|number on it
canoe|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
daughter|king|IsA|direct relation with you
father|princess|HasProperty|a picture of a female
hand|neck|IsA|body part
boat|yacht|CapableOf|hold more than fifty people
neck|fingers|MadeOf|upper body parts
goat|rabbit|HasProperty|fluffy
magazine|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
beans|corn|HasProperty|green
leg|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
hose|fan|IsA|digital device
pelican|hawk|HasProperty|domesticated
elephant|cougar|UsedFor|crossing deserts
rabbit|goat|IsA|carnivore
strawberry|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
bison|elk|HasA|horn
donkey|bison|AtLocation|pet store
bagpipe|guitar|HasA|keys
trousers|jeans|HasProperty|worn below the waist
pear|cranberry|IsA|fruit
vulture|falcon|HasProperty|domesticated
plum|cherry|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
chicken|eel|IsA|mollusk
inn|cottage|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
dress|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
gun|tank|UsedFor|harm
metal|glass|IsA|bottle
lemon|coconut|HasA|usually inedible skin
buffalo|crocodile|IsA|has horns
nurse|daughter|IsA|female
ceiling|room|AtLocation|at ground level
spider|snail|HasA|wings
cousin|sister|AtLocation|in a castle
comb|pen|MadeOf|writing
boat|car|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
piano|guitar|HasA|strings
hose|tap|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
forearm|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
barrel|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
salad|sauce|UsedFor|dessert
bolts|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
garlic|lemon|IsA|vegetable
comb|drill|HasProperty|cutting
squirrel|mink|IsA|animal with long ears
cupboard|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
flute|trombone|MadeOf|wood
jeans|sack|HasA|sleeves
bungalow|cottage|IsA|red home
crayon|pencil|MadeOf|writing
tower|bathroom|CapableOf|be used home
crocodile|rattlesnake|HasA|four feet
finger|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
buffalo|elephant|HasA|horn or antler
wrist|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
bungalow|apartment|IsA|red home
yacht|canoe|CapableOf|be used on snow
girl|boy|IsA|car
raft|truck|UsedFor|eating
fingers|tower|PartOf|room
brush|scissors|PartOf|drawing
mink|deer|HasA|hair/fur
fan|clamp|IsA|digital device
cat|rabbit|HasProperty|fluffy
woman|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
pipe|plate|UsedFor|daily usage 
cranberry|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
spider|worm|MadeOf|small animals
sailboat|sled|HasA|wheels
oven|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
porcupine|rabbit|HasA|hooves
barn|inn|IsA|permanent structure
camel|caribou|HasA|thick body
cottage|gate|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
necklace|dress|IsA|home appliance
olive|coconut|HasA|hard shell
cabin|bedroom|MadeOf|one or more rooms
coyote|beaver|HasA|horn
rattlesnake|crocodile|HasA|four feet
bedroom|building|IsA|component of a home
rabbit|mole|IsA|otter
razor|drill|PartOf|drawing
truck|tractor|HasA|wheels
knee|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
porcupine|raccoon|CapableOf|attack human
liquor|butter|UsedFor|drinking
finger|elbow|MadeOf|a whole body part
bucket|mug|HasA|handle
hose|screws|UsedFor|restraining things
cat|dog|AtLocation|pet store
arm|roof|PartOf|house
deer|crocodile|UsedFor|human transport
cannon|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
raccoon|squirrel|IsA|sad
bolts|rocket|IsA|firearm
paintbrush|typewriter|IsA|metal
crayon|pencil|IsA|construction tool
curtains|cupboard|CapableOf|open/close
barrel|plate|IsA|firearm
hand|window|PartOf|room
squirrel|wasp|HasA|walking
trombone|bagpipe|HasA|strings
trombone|clarinet|HasA|strings
tray|bucket|MadeOf|metal
ankle|eye|IsA|on the lower half 
glass|mink|IsA|bottle
hare|porcupine|HasA|hooves
magazine|clamp|UsedFor|a vehicle
broccoli|garlic|IsA|fruit
plum|pear|HasProperty|yellow
fingers|arm|IsA|joint
house|building|IsA|religious place
body|neck|IsA|on the lower half 
ankle|foot|AtLocation|on lower body
paintbrush|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
jeans|socks|HasA|sleeves
brush|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
tray|barrel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
shotgun|tank|UsedFor|work
cousin|daughter|IsA|younger person
body|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
nurse|worker|IsA|car
room|roof|UsedFor|defense
socks|pants|IsA|piece of clothing
shotgun|gun|HasProperty|tiger
toaster|blender|AtLocation|on a countertop
cousin|daughter|AtLocation|in a royal family
cottage|apartment|IsA|relatively small
rattlesnake|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
jeans|skirt|IsA|piece of clothing
yacht|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
chicken|eel|HasA|fins
princess|worker|IsA|female
nurse|father|IsA|car
cherry|olive|HasA|seeds
cottage|building|AtLocation|at your home
kettle|blender|CapableOf|make things cold
finger|tongue|CapableOf| taste
bolts|plate|CapableOf|transport liquids
hut|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
tank|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
corn|garlic|HasProperty|a green food
salmon|crab|AtLocation|at sea
turtle|snail|IsA|plant
man|cousin|IsA|professional
mother|woman|CapableOf|become pregnant 
hyena|leopard|IsA|type of big cat
mother|woman|HasA|color
neck|arm|PartOf|body
onions|beans|HasA|seeds
toaster|microwave|UsedFor|cooking food
toe|ankle|AtLocation|below your waist
prune|cherry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
stick|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cottage|cabin|IsA|red home
coat|jacket|HasA|wheel
bridge|cottage|HasA|own altar
spider|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
toilet|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
duck|eagle|HasA|wings
pineapple|orange|HasA|usually inedible skin
camel|zebra|CapableOf|fly
toilet|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
gate|cabin|IsA|religious place
woman|boy|CapableOf|bear a child
tape|wheel|IsA|digital device
father|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
skirt|necklace|MadeOf|threads
harp|violin|CapableOf|be held in hand
dog|deer|UsedFor|human transport
gorilla|giraffe|IsA|has horns
kidney|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
rocket|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
salad|supper|HasProperty|eaten for breakfast
canoe|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
rocket|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
hare|squirrel|IsA|otter
woman|mother|HasProperty|male
bolts|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
hose|bolts|PartOf|tire
tap|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
chapel|barn|IsA|place to live permanently
ankle|leg|CapableOf|carrying objects
scarf|pants|MadeOf|threads
goat|rabbit|IsA|animal
pistol|wheel|CapableOf|be used in home
forearm|toe|PartOf|the upper body
tomato|potato|MadeOf|red
woman|cousin|IsA|female
raspberry|pear|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
finger|neck|PartOf|the upper body
onions|beans|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
bison|tiger|IsA|typical pet
pants|jacket|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
hand|toe|PartOf|upper body
salad|milk|IsA|colour red
harp|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
walls|window|CapableOf|be shattered 
octopus|crab|IsA|water animal
cheese|lemon|CapableOf|bitter
garlic|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
pony|deer|HasA| mane (hair on it)
pineapple|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
rocker|fan|MadeOf|maybe
dress|scarf|MadeOf|threads
mouth|tongue|PartOf|face
tape|hose|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
woman|doctor|IsA|car
crayon|pen|UsedFor|brushing
comb|razor|MadeOf|writing
rifle|screws|UsedFor|shooting
pear|avocado|IsA|member of the citrus family
typewriter|pen|HasA|bushy tail
skunk|squirrel|CapableOf|be held 
buffalo|deer|HasA|antlers/tusks
screwdriver|crayon|CapableOf|print
frog|rabbit|IsA|something a farmer would own
drill|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pine|birch|IsA|tool
girlfriend|daughter|HasProperty|a picture of a female
fridge|oven|CapableOf|working
salmon|eel|IsA|fish
knife|chisel|CapableOf|writing
groundhog|elk|IsA|herbivore
cherry|lime|CapableOf|spices
skirt|blouse|HasProperty|worn on the neck
brush|comb|PartOf|drawing
ankle|hand|IsA|plural
comb|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
daughter|girl|HasProperty|a picture of a female
mother|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
neck|arm|PartOf|building
wall|door|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
tap|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
bathroom|roof|CapableOf|be used home
grapefruit|pear|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
lemon|coconut|MadeOf|juice making
plug|faucet|IsA|digital device
cherry|grapefruit|HasProperty|red
rattlesnake|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
pencil|scissors|UsedFor|brushing
pistol|gun|CapableOf|be used in home
rocker|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
princess|mother|IsA|female
ladle|fridge|CapableOf|hold water
knee|foot|AtLocation|below the waist 
kettle|bottle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
arm|toe|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
coconut|raspberry|HasA|stone 
mother|father|IsA|family member
dog|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
bean|meal|HasProperty|two syllables
cheetah|deer|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
ant|spider|HasA|walking
banana|cherry|PartOf|a red the color of
woman|mother|IsA|noun
gate|hut|HasA| 5 letters or less
ant|beetle|IsA|crustecean
otter|rabbit|HasProperty|4 letters long
tower|room|PartOf|human body
spider|wasp|HasA|walking
turtle|spider|IsA|plant
cougar|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
rocket|rope|CapableOf|store or transport water
arm|ankle|AtLocation|on head
girlfriend|girl|IsA|female (strictly)
knee|leg|HasProperty|upper body
wasp|ant|HasProperty|an insect
hare|raccoon|CapableOf|eat palm nuts
wheel|faucet|MadeOf|metal/steel
girlfriend|daughter|IsA|family member
leg|hair|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
ceiling|roof|UsedFor|defense
bison|zebra|HasA|antlers/tusks
cart|horse|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
hand|wrist|HasProperty|upper body
inn|bridge|IsA|religious place
elbow|arm|PartOf|the upper body
father|son|IsA|royalty
rope|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
hose|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
spear|spade|UsedFor|sleeping
scissors|crayon|IsA|cuting
deck|room|IsA|part of a building
ankle|foot|HasProperty|below the waist 
mole|skunk|CapableOf|be held 
hare|rabbit|CapableOf|climb on tree
sandwich|bean|IsA|liquid
mother|girl|IsA|job or profession
raccoon|elk|CapableOf|go underground
milk|meat|UsedFor|recipes 
tank|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
socks|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
razor|knife|HasA|sharp edge
lamp|tray|CapableOf|be worn
door|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
skateboard|buggy|HasA|wheels
uncle|brother|IsA|title
lime|garlic|CapableOf|spices
otter|raccoon|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
steak|bacon|IsA|liquid
goat|rabbit|CapableOf|be domesticated
deck|bar|HasProperty|vertical
worker|man|UsedFor|food
door|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
elbow|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
coat|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
trousers|pants|PartOf|pair
coyote|porcupine|HasA|long ear
car|truck|MadeOf|metal
mole|skunk|PartOf|herd
gown|skirt|HasA|two seperate pant legs
cherry|pear|IsA|more than one fruit
cannon|gun|CapableOf|be used one-handed
arm|floor|PartOf|house
neck|fingers|PartOf|room
daughter|girl|CapableOf|become pregnant 
mink|otter|IsA|animal with long ears
wife|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
truck|canoe|AtLocation|in there
wall|cupboard|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
horse|pony|HasA|hooves
pen|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
mirror|tray|UsedFor|wearing
horse|donkey|IsA|something a farmer would own
tank|barrel|UsedFor|work
rock|mixer|CapableOf|make sound
stove|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tiger|hyena|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
gun|tank|HasProperty|tiger
groundhog|mole|HasA|long ears
pants|skirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
garlic|pear|HasA|single hard pit
tap|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
groundhog|mole|AtLocation|carnivorous
sauce|soup|IsA|diary food
bison|camel|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
wife|woman|IsA|profession/title
mother|aunt|IsA|female
boy|man|IsA|job or profession
tuna|trout|IsA|name begging with c
dress|shirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
rope|hose|IsA|electric 
grenade|gun|IsA|weapon
walls|room|PartOf|body
coat|scarf|IsA|item of clothing
ankle|arm|IsA|organ
hose|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
screws|pipe|CapableOf|use electricity
cupboard|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
radio|stereo|AtLocation|at an electronics store
squirrel|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
nail|elbow|AtLocation|inside
squirrel|groundhog|AtLocation|on tree
cart|horse|HasA|long neck
frog|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
caterpillar|worm|IsA|insect
wheel|strainer|PartOf|any of various units of 
coat|cigarette|IsA|home appliance
lamp|lantern|CapableOf|generate light
thigh|ankle|AtLocation|below the waist 
hose|rifle|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
rope|tape|CapableOf|work without electricity
paintbrush|crayon|AtLocation|construction site
tiger|sheep|IsA|typical pet
shoes|boots|HasA|longer ankles than regular footwear 
razor|drill|MadeOf|writing
toaster|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
deer|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
razor|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
bedroom|bed|UsedFor|lighting
coconut|garlic|MadeOf|juice making
cow|rabbit|CapableOf|jump
scarf|mirror|UsedFor|providing light
sink|freezer|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
hose|tape|IsA|digital device
orange|avocado|IsA|fruit
woodpecker|dove|HasProperty|a predator
rabbit|hare|IsA|herbivore
peach|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
frog|goat|CapableOf|be domesticated
chandelier|lamp|MadeOf|/contain glass
chicken|asparagus|IsA|water animal
robe|blouse|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
ankle|leg|AtLocation|on your head
turtle|elephant|HasA|trunk
microwave|rock|UsedFor|cooling food
pen|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
beaver|groundhog|CapableOf|be held 
neck|wrist|MadeOf|upper body parts
duck|pigeon|HasA|wings
garlic|tomato|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
gun|pistol|UsedFor|harm
avocado|olive|IsA|fruit
camel|cheetah|HasA|horn
perch|mackerel|IsA|fish
neck|elbow|IsA|plural
aunt|wife|HasA|multiple people pictured
scissors|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
chisel|spatula|MadeOf|writing
cranberry|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
barrel|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
clock|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
horse|pony|AtLocation|pet store
horse|goat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
elbow|leg|AtLocation|inside
comb|pencil|IsA|construction tool
cow|cat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
jeep|tractor|HasProperty|consuming fuel
trombone|saxophone|PartOf|strings
squirrel|mink|AtLocation|carnivorous
cannon|bolts|IsA|vessel
tap|rock|IsA|related to music 
aunt|father|IsA|female
coat|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
tape|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
magazine|rock|UsedFor|a vehicle
butter|milk|AtLocation|in the ground
cat|worm|IsA|plant
leg|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
mole|mink|HasProperty|4 letters long
toilet|door|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
skunk|mink|IsA|predator
skin|nail|AtLocation|below your waist
moth|wasp|CapableOf|fly
cranberry|strawberry|IsA|berry
elk|deer|IsA|mammal
cow|spider|CapableOf|kill a human
cart|giraffe|HasA|trunk
tomato|chicken|AtLocation|in water
ceiling|walls|PartOf|house
father|son|IsA|title
necklace|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
horse|sheep|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
trombone|piano|IsA|wind instrument
cupboard|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
ox|elephant|AtLocation|in hot climates 
barrel|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mixer|fan|MadeOf|paper
princess|mother|CapableOf|become pregnant 
tractor|buggy|HasA|two rows of seats
clamp|tape|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
fan|rocker|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
fawn|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
trumpet|harmonica|HasA|keys
deer|pony|HasA|fur
bungalow|barn|MadeOf|one or more rooms
ankle|hair|PartOf|the images displayed
alligator|crocodile|CapableOf|go under underwater
chocolate|butter|UsedFor|dessert
cow|donkey|IsA|teeth
fridge|magazine|CapableOf|working
mackerel|catfish|HasA|legs
wife|daughter|IsA|female
rocker|clamp|MadeOf|paper
window|floor|HasProperty|enclosed
ceiling|window|PartOf|house
pen|pencil|AtLocation|construction site
knees|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
scissors|brush|PartOf|what is your name this
clarinet|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
trombone|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
cat|sheep|HasProperty|fluffy
perch|chicken|IsA|mollusk
skunk|otter|IsA|otter
duck|rabbit|HasProperty|red
tray|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
groundhog|porcupine|CapableOf|attack human
bison|donkey|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
butterfly|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
neck|toe|IsA|joint
skateboard|truck|UsedFor|land suitable one
bike|skis|HasA|an engine
wheel|boat|UsedFor|eating
frog|elephant|IsA|teeth
bar|room|HasA|diagram on it
hair|liver|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
socks|jeans|HasA|sleeves
cannon|bolts|CapableOf|transport liquids
fingers|leg|IsA|joint
rock|fridge|UsedFor|keeping things cool
neck|thigh|CapableOf|carrying objects
horse|deer|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
socks|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
barrel|strainer|HasA|round shape
nurse|girlfriend|IsA|female
foot|thigh|AtLocation|below the waist 
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
celery|eggplant|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
socks|dress|HasA|sleeves
liver|bone|AtLocation|on the inside
bed|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
plug|mixer|HasA|a type of metal
fan|magazine|UsedFor|keeping things cool
sister|cousin|HasA|blood relation with you
roof|floor|PartOf|human body
stick|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cougar|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
yacht|buggy|HasA|an engine
iguana|rattlesnake|CapableOf|be found in the water
chapel|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
ceiling|bar|PartOf|house
pants|skirt|UsedFor|covering legs
tiger|donkey|IsA|teeth
dishwasher|sink|UsedFor|heating items up
skateboard|bike|UsedFor|land suitable one
canoe|sled|HasA|motor
curtains|carpet|CapableOf|contain items
neck|lips|IsA|part of the body
typewriter|razor|HasProperty|cutting
boy|woman|IsA|occupation
floor|room|MadeOf|wood
princess|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
bedroom|sofa|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
chocolate|wine|IsA|diary food
elephant|ox|IsA|violent creature
pencil|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
groundhog|deer|HasProperty|living in water
hand|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
radio|fan|CapableOf|be turned on
toe|ankle|HasProperty|below the waist 
falcon|vulture|CapableOf|fly
liver|arm|AtLocation|on your head
wheelbarrow|sack|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
rabbit|coyote|HasA|hooves
rocket|tank|IsA|firearm
elk|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
squid|octopus|IsA|fish
iguana|rattlesnake|IsA|reptile
cranberry|prune|IsA|berry
rattlesnake|worm|CapableOf|flying
blouse|skirt|UsedFor|transporting things
elk|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
faucet|fan|MadeOf|metal
hare|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
daughter|girlfriend|CapableOf|become pregnant 
prune|raspberry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
girl|woman|IsA|profession/title
cottage|bedroom|MadeOf|one or more rooms
camel|horse|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
hand|arm|PartOf|pair
pear|grapefruit|PartOf|a red the color of
freezer|kettle|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pants|jeans|UsedFor|by mainly women
cougar|ox|AtLocation|in hot climates 
duck|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
bean|sugar|IsA|diary food
thigh|finger|IsA|plural
roof|tower|CapableOf|be used home
gun|rifle|UsedFor|work
bean|supper|HasProperty|meaty
rock|radio|MadeOf|maybe
pineapple|pear|IsA|red  or orang
elbow|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
scooter|skateboard|CapableOf|hold more than one person
mother|father|IsA|car
shoes|pants|UsedFor|warming upper body
bison|elk|AtLocation|in hot climates 
mixer|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
yacht|boat|HasA|motor
wrist|arm|UsedFor|holding a cup
clamp|tap|HasA|a type of metal
wheelbarrow|sack|IsA|worn on the lower body
tape|faucet|CapableOf|work without electricity
spider|cockroach|HasA|walking
potato|lamb|AtLocation|in water
harmonica|cello|UsedFor|sound
strainer|tank|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
crocodile|turtle|HasA|trunk
beetle|caterpillar|HasA|wings
mother|father|UsedFor|transportation
leg|foot|HasProperty|lower body
radio|rock|MadeOf|paper
bathroom|window|HasProperty|enclosed
thigh|toe|AtLocation|on lower body
gun|cannon|MadeOf|wood (partially)
bottle|bucket|MadeOf|ceramic materials
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
bar|bathroom|HasA|diagram on it
bowl|saucer|UsedFor|food
shoulder|forearm|AtLocation|in your upper body
blouse|skirt|IsA|home appliance
doctor|mother|IsA|car
rock|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rope|drill|UsedFor|harm
fan|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
elbow|wrist|UsedFor|holding a cup
eye|bone|AtLocation|on your head
frog|sheep|HasA|fur
fridge|blender|UsedFor|cooking food
freezer|oven|PartOf|kitchen appliance
clamp|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
zebra|camel|HasA|tail
dishwasher|kettle|IsA|appliance
cloak|robe|IsA|logo
salmon|trout|HasA|red shell when cooked
radio|oven|MadeOf|maybe
asparagus|perch|AtLocation|on a farm
finger|arm|AtLocation|below where a watch is
saxophone|trumpet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
shotgun|cannon|HasProperty|tiger
crayon|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for hair
prune|banana|HasA|stone 
ceiling|window|PartOf|building
wheel|faucet|IsA|digital device
mink|glass|IsA|bottle
curtains|wall|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
kite|stork|CapableOf|be a household pet
inn|cottage|HasProperty|for the rich
coyote|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
pencil|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
girlfriend|woman|PartOf|hospital staff
rattlesnake|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
wheel|rope|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
fan|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
wife|girlfriend|HasProperty|royalty
cottage|gate|IsA|public building (typically)
chicken|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
wheel|rocket|UsedFor|building
plug|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
worker|boy|IsA|male
pencil|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
finger|throat|HasProperty|used affected during make up
room|ceiling|PartOf|human body
cathedral|chapel|UsedFor|a place of worship
stick|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
coat|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
worker|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
elephant|frog|HasA|eating
woman|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
jeep|wheel|CapableOf|hold more than one person
cod|shrimp|AtLocation|at sea
bayonet|spade|IsA|weapon 
house|cottage|UsedFor|a place of worship
cherry|olive|UsedFor|testy
pipe|plate|CapableOf|destroy a building
cottage|inn|HasA| place for worship
caribou|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
aunt|girl|IsA|profession
arm|hand|PartOf|body
flute|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
coat|blouse|IsA|worn on the lower body
screwdriver|drill|UsedFor|grooming
screwdriver|brush|AtLocation|construction site
plug|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
pony|goat|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
radio|wheel|MadeOf|paper
olive|lemon|MadeOf|juice making
grapefruit|banana|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
ankle|neck|IsA|plural
spider|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
thigh|leg|HasA|nails
tray|kettle|UsedFor|making food
frog|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
pen|knife|CapableOf|be used for hair
cow|deer|AtLocation|pet store
grenade|screws|CapableOf|use electricity
plum|prune|IsA|fruit
skateboard|car|AtLocation|in water
neck|skin|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
scissors|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
mother|daughter|PartOf|your family
soup|steak|HasA|meat
elk|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
man|boy|IsA|female (strictly)
coyote|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
plate|barrel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
mink|mole|CapableOf|hunt other animals
boat|scooter|UsedFor|snow
harmonica|flute|IsA|wind instrument
donkey|frog|AtLocation|jungle
drill|rocket|UsedFor|harm
liquor|wine|UsedFor|drinking
mackerel|perch|HasA|red shell when cooked
boots|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
thermometer|tray|IsA|item of clothing
lime|tomato|IsA|fruit
bolts|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
typewriter|crayon|HasA|graphite center
onions|garlic|IsA|green vegetable 
skirt|pants|UsedFor|wearing
gate|cabin|HasProperty|a black and white picture
eggplant|avocado|HasA|any green on it 
skis|canoe|HasA|wheels
foot|toe|CapableOf|help you walk
ceiling|tower|CapableOf|be used home
chandelier|cigarette|HasProperty|something to be worn
knife|pencil|PartOf|drawing
raft|bike|UsedFor|eating
plate|pipe|CapableOf|be used in home
cousin|brother|HasProperty|a family member
ankle|toe|AtLocation|below the waist 
cockroach|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
screwdriver|typewriter|PartOf|what is your name this
giraffe|zebra|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
aunt|father|UsedFor|transportation
lamp|candle|AtLocation|on neck
stick|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
coat|shirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
hair|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
girlfriend|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
rocket|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
bathroom|bar|IsA|body part
cottage|apartment|IsA|component of a home
mother|worker|HasProperty|steel
rope|bolts|CapableOf|be used in home
skunk|raccoon|IsA|animal with long ears
elephant|squirrel|IsA|household pet
neck|thigh|IsA|plural
plum|raspberry|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
piano|trumpet|MadeOf|wood
prune|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
mixer|wheel|AtLocation|kitchen
buggy|truck|UsedFor|war
ceiling|neck|PartOf|house
elbow|toe|AtLocation|on head
shoes|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
carpet|wall|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
roof|walls|PartOf|house
door|sink|CapableOf|can you sit on it
blood|liver|AtLocation|on the inside
kettle|freezer|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
tape|rope|IsA|electronic device
sugar|salad|IsA|colour red
saxophone|banjo|HasA|keyboard
muscle|hair|AtLocation|below your waist
wheel|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
eel|perch|AtLocation|at sea
nurse|aunt|HasProperty|a picture of a female
worm|flea|CapableOf|fly
cannon|pistol|CapableOf|be used one-handed
rock|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
girl|worker|CapableOf|bear a child
pelican|kite|HasProperty|domesticated
beer|sauce|IsA|diary food
butterfly|worm|IsA|bug
nurse|doctor|IsA|occupation
daughter|mother|HasA|multiple people pictured
coyote|hare|CapableOf|go underground
coconut|cherry|MadeOf|juice making
freezer|blender|IsA|electrical appliance
eagle|pigeon|CapableOf|fly
colander|sink|HasProperty|using electricity
bagpipe|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
fan|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
tomato|rabbit|AtLocation|in water
catfish|perch|HasA|shell
elk|beaver|HasA|hair/fur
wheel|truck|MadeOf|metal
fan|tape|IsA|related to music 
inn|building|HasProperty|made of concrete
plug|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
wheelbarrow|bag|IsA|worn on the lower body
rabbit|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
closet|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
perch|tuna|IsA|name begging with c
jacket|shoes|CapableOf|cover your full body
goat|chicken|AtLocation|in water
donkey|camel|UsedFor|a mode of transport
fingers|finger|PartOf|pair/no more than two
orange|pear|HasProperty|yellow
mirror|lantern|MadeOf|/contain glass
bacon|whisky|IsA|diary food
actress|cousin|AtLocation|in a castle
pen|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bagpipe|trombone|HasA|strings
bacon|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
chandelier|tray|CapableOf|be worn
cheese|lime|CapableOf|delicious
spider|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
kidney|liver|AtLocation|inside
perch|octopus|IsA|water animal
camel|rabbit|HasA| mane (hair on it)
frog|turtle|AtLocation|nature
falcon|pelican|CapableOf|fly
saxophone|trumpet|PartOf|strings
man|woman|IsA|family member
arm|forearm|AtLocation|in your upper body
caribou|elk|IsA|type of big cat
clamp|fan|MadeOf|metal
prune|plum|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
tank|skis|AtLocation|in water
skateboard|bike|PartOf|bicycle
pliers|typewriter|CapableOf|print
wheel|cannon|CapableOf|transport liquids
door|curtains|CapableOf|opening/closing
dress|jacket|IsA|worn on the lower body
window|walls|CapableOf|be shattered 
lamp|scarf|MadeOf|metal
boat|truck|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
worker|princess|IsA|female
magazine|rope|IsA|electric 
grenade|rocket|UsedFor|work
barrel|pipe|IsA|firearm
hut|inn|HasA|start with a b
tank|wheel|CapableOf|transport liquids
glass|metal|IsA|bottle
apartment|inn|IsA|component of a home
orange|cherry|CapableOf|delicious
arm|shoulder|UsedFor|holding a cup
rabbit|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
tent|building|IsA|religious place
pear|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
bedroom|cabin|IsA|religious place
leg|thigh|AtLocation|below the waist 
orange|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
cupboard|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
ant|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
pipe|hose|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
clarinet|tuba|HasA|strings
catfish|perch|IsA|mollusk
blouse|robe|IsA|white object
tray|cupboard|AtLocation|on a countertop
sailboat|boat|HasA|motor
leg|knees|AtLocation|below waist
pot|bucket|MadeOf|metal
whisky|butter|HasProperty|a liquid
tray|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
worker|woman|IsA|family member
aunt|girlfriend|HasProperty|female
daughter|mother|IsA|direct relation
boots|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
bike|skis|UsedFor|land suitable one
bed|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
aunt|mother|HasA|blood relation with you
mole|beaver|AtLocation|carnivorous
ox|elephant|MadeOf|a living thing
sink|spoon|HasProperty|consuming electricity
hand|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
garlic|tomato|IsA|vegetable
princess|man|IsA|family member
spider|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
skunk|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
beans|onions|IsA|fruit
chocolate|sauce|UsedFor|desserts
house|inn|UsedFor|religious gatherings
razor|pliers|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
beetle|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
rabbit|skunk|IsA|mink
rope|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
flea|snail|IsA|bug
tuna|trout|IsA|card facing left
princess|mother|HasA|green item of clothing
pine|birch|UsedFor|punishing people
closet|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
floor|tower|PartOf|room
brush|paintbrush|AtLocation|construction site
violin|banjo|HasA|neck
pencil|knife|UsedFor|grooming
cupboard|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
cockroach|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
squirrel|cat|CapableOf|jump
wheel|tank|HasA|round shape
camel|hyena|HasA|antler
ankle|arm|AtLocation|inside
elbow|arm|IsA|organ
coyote|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
car|jeep|HasA|two rows of seats
wasp|cockroach|CapableOf|flying
skunk|coyote|HasA|hair/fur
curtains|bedroom|CapableOf|open/close
camel|zebra|IsA|object
truck|jeep|UsedFor|land suitable one
bolts|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
otter|hare|IsA|mink
eggplant|broccoli|HasProperty|something people usually eat raw
deer|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
princess|cousin|IsA|direct relation
catfish|mackerel|AtLocation|in sea
mirror|lantern|UsedFor|providing light
stove|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cockroach|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
gorilla|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
paintbrush|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tiger|horse|CapableOf|fly
paper|skunk|IsA|bottle
camel|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
princess|girlfriend|HasProperty|female
princess|wife|IsA|profession
barrel|plate|IsA|vessel
horse|rabbit|AtLocation|pet store
hyena|ox|UsedFor|travel
elbow|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
arm|fingers|UsedFor|waving
cannon|grenade|CapableOf|used in war
cottage|chapel|IsA|component of a home
stereo|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
cat|cow|HasA| mane (hair on it)
scooter|sailboat|HasA|an engine
chisel|razor|UsedFor|crafts
typewriter|knife|HasProperty|cutting
inn|apartment|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
camel|rabbit|UsedFor|food products
tower|room|UsedFor|tiling
turtle|alligator|IsA|reptile
coconut|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
crocodile|buffalo|IsA|type of cat
jacket|coat|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
grenade|pistol|CapableOf|used in war
rocker|fan|CapableOf|provide water
dog|horse|HasA| mane (hair on it)
neck|arm|PartOf|room
bolts|plate|CapableOf|used in war
trousers|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
flute|accordion|MadeOf|strings
jeans|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
cousin|daughter|IsA|female
apartment|cottage|IsA|relatively small
grapefruit|cherry|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
window|room|AtLocation|at ground level
radio|fridge|MadeOf|maybe
dress|clock|HasProperty|worn on the neck
fingers|window|PartOf|house
lime|lemon|PartOf|eating
banner|shield|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
building|apartment|HasProperty|made of concrete
octopus|trout|AtLocation|at sea
eagle|vulture|IsA|sea bird
chicken|goat|IsA|fruit or vegetable
rope|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
pants|coat|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
plug|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
caterpillar|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
mixer|plug|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
microwave|oven|UsedFor|cooling food
orange|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
mixer|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
spade|pine|IsA|weapon
snail|ant|IsA|plant
inn|cathedral|IsA|public building (typically)
clamp|bolts|CapableOf|be turned on
house|tent|HasA|start with a b
cannon|tank|HasA|trigger
cottage|bedroom|PartOf|set of furniture
flea|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
shoes|trousers|PartOf|lower waistline
faucet|hose|HasA|a type of metal
cousin|worker|IsA|professional
floor|room|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
woman|wife|IsA|profession
dog|cow|HasA| mane (hair on it)
dress|skirt|PartOf|pair
cod|trout|IsA|mollusk
pliers|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
shoes|boots|CapableOf|be tied
garlic|strawberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
coyote|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
truck|wheel|UsedFor|snow
cabin|bridge|IsA|religious place
accordion|violin|IsA|wind instrument
plug|rope|AtLocation|kitchen
hose|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
wife|mother|HasProperty|female
rabbit|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
camel|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
garlic|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
pineapple|garlic|IsA|physical fruit or veg
alligator|crocodile|IsA|amphibian
wine|butter|UsedFor|drinking
mink|tin|IsA|fragile
worker|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
boy|man|IsA|profession
plum|prune|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
bungalow|church|AtLocation|at your home
hare|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
bison|camel|IsA|type of cat
window|tower|PartOf|human body
lemon|tomato|HasA|seeds
sink|kettle|UsedFor|making food
bar|tower|PartOf|human body
spoon|ladle|HasProperty|using electricity
dog|goat|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
giraffe|elk|IsA|type of big cat
flute|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
beetle|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
elbow|arm|UsedFor|holding a cup
mink|porcupine|CapableOf|climb trees
raccoon|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
tap|rope|CapableOf|make sound
steak|bean|UsedFor|dinner
clamp|tap|PartOf|tire
bed|carpet|UsedFor|storage
rabbit|lamb|MadeOf|something edible
stick|comb|MadeOf|writing
scissors|pen|HasA|keyboard
ankle|elbow|AtLocation|inside
plum|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
faucet|clamp|IsA|digital device
finger|arm|PartOf|human body
spatula|screwdriver|UsedFor|hair
sink|cupboard|AtLocation|on a countertop
bison|dog|UsedFor|human transport
skirt|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
floor|ceiling|PartOf|garage
barrel|grenade|UsedFor|bullets
blouse|coat|HasA|sleeves
avocado|plum|HasA|stone inside
flute|harmonica|IsA|brass instrument
hyena|elephant|AtLocation|in hot climates 
spatula|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
orange|coconut|CapableOf|spices
alligator|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
skunk|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
trousers|dress|UsedFor|feet protection
leg|finger|PartOf|body
pencil|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
chandelier|cigarette|AtLocation|on neck
bed|broom|IsA|weapon
alligator|turtle|HasA| 4 limbs
flute|saxophone|IsA|instrument
tuna|trout|IsA|fish
fan|tape|UsedFor|entertainment
garlic|beans|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
fingers|hand|PartOf|house
paintbrush|pen|HasProperty|cutting
eel|salmon|HasA|red shell when cooked
actress|father|IsA|car
nurse|princess|IsA|occupation
leopard|giraffe|IsA|has horns
finger|bathroom|PartOf|house
donkey|cat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
raccoon|skunk|UsedFor|swimming
groundhog|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
leg|body|AtLocation|on the inside
shoes|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
tower|bar|PartOf|human body
muscle|blood|AtLocation|on head
cranberry|prune|IsA|red  or orang
grapefruit|raspberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
raspberry|cherry|HasProperty|red
finger|knee|IsA|plural
church|cottage|UsedFor|relaxing
chocolate|potatoes|MadeOf|several ingredients
radio|mixer|CapableOf|consume electricity
blood|hair|AtLocation|on your head
freezer|kettle|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
knees|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
kettle|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
pigeon|stork|HasProperty|a predator
typewriter|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
rock|bolts|IsA|related to music 
truck|tractor|UsedFor|war
leopard|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
crayon|screwdriver|IsA|metal
lemon|pepper|HasA|seeds
stove|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
window|tower|IsA|part of a building
dishwasher|door|UsedFor|heating items up
raft|sled|HasA|wheels
grenade|hose|UsedFor|shooting
turtle|rattlesnake|IsA|reptile
belt|hose|HasA|number on it
hand|finger|IsA|joint
neck|brow|IsA|(one of five) human senses
cherry|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
blender|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
gorilla|camel|HasA|antlers/tusks
rattlesnake|porcupine|HasA|horn
jacket|sack|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
squirrel|porcupine|HasA|horn
walls|tower|HasA|glass
paintbrush|pliers|PartOf|drawing
drill|pliers|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
duck|falcon|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
bison|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
eel|crab|HasA|red shell when cooked
oven|stove|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
frog|sheep|UsedFor|riding
spatula|knife|UsedFor|grooming
rattlesnake|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
tractor|car|UsedFor|war
scooter|bike|UsedFor|water
scissors|pliers|MadeOf|writing
canoe|bike|AtLocation|in there
pen|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
nurse|woman|CapableOf|bear a child
pear|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
cupboard|microwave|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
finger|shoulder|MadeOf|a whole body part
gun|shotgun|CapableOf|be held in a hand
potatoes|salad|AtLocation|in the ground
walls|floor|CapableOf|let in air
accordion|harmonica|HasA|keys
tray|thermometer|IsA|source of light
beetle|wasp|IsA|insect
candle|clock|IsA|item of clothing
cow|bison|HasA|hooves
crayon|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
fingers|wrist|MadeOf|upper body parts
wasp|beetle|HasA|no legs
salad|steak|MadeOf|meat
cart|zebra|HasA|trunk
pineapple|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
broccoli|celery|IsA|fruit
eye|foot|AtLocation|below the knee
duck|lamb|IsA|n animal
ceiling|roof|AtLocation|at ground level
strawberry|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
curtains|door|UsedFor|sleep
ant|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
pencil|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for hair
cow|sheep|UsedFor|food products
octopus|crab|AtLocation|on a farm
bedroom|bed|MadeOf|wood typically
screwdriver|stick|UsedFor|writing
cherry|raspberry|PartOf|group or bunch 
drill|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
bison|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
cousin|sister|HasA|green item of clothing
tray|sink|UsedFor|storage
tape|tap|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
blouse|jacket|HasProperty|something that can be worn
tank|car|UsedFor|farming
dress|blouse|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
coat|gown|IsA|worn on the lower body
floor|window|PartOf|human body
rocket|gun|UsedFor|firing artillery
strawberry|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
ceiling|tower|HasA|glass
fan|mixer|UsedFor|electronic uses
hare|mink|IsA|sad
skirt|pants|AtLocation|on lower body
clarinet|trombone|PartOf|strings
crayon|paintbrush|PartOf|what is your name this
lemon|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
sheep|donkey|CapableOf|be domesticated
squid|chicken|HasA|fins
drill|chisel|CapableOf|print
beetle|ant|AtLocation|nature
oven|fan|MadeOf|steel
mole|rabbit|HasA|hooves
lime|tomato|IsA|citrus fruit
foot|toe|AtLocation|upper body
cabin|bungalow|MadeOf|one or more rooms
mink|mole|HasA|horn
stick|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
rabbit|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
pony|camel|HasA|fur
goat|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
bayonet|spear|IsA|man made thing
truck|buggy|CapableOf|carry multiple people
mole|coyote|PartOf|herd
rifle|rope|IsA|vessel
woman|daughter|IsA|profession
bean|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
camel|donkey|UsedFor|riding
body|leg|AtLocation|on head
caribou|elk|IsA|predator 
coconut|avocado|HasA|skin you eat
leg|bathroom|PartOf|house
drill|pipe|IsA|firearm
skirt|trousers|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
crocodile|turtle|HasA|four feet
bedroom|wall|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
screws|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
spider|squirrel|IsA|household pet
arm|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
saxophone|clarinet|UsedFor|blowing
father|prince|IsA|family
mole|beaver|HasA|horn
giraffe|elephant|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
deck|window|AtLocation|above your head in general
frog|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
walls|tower|UsedFor|defense
actress|wife|IsA|male
floor|room|PartOf|a house
cousin|wife|HasA|child
elk|caribou|HasA|horn
avocado|garlic|IsA|vegetable
sink|closet|CapableOf|can you sit on it
blouse|clock|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
elephant|bison|IsA|has horns
chisel|razor|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
bathroom|room|PartOf|a house
caterpillar|spider|IsA|crustecean
walls|ceiling|HasProperty|enclosed
sugar|milk|MadeOf|cup
moth|turtle|IsA|colorful 
rabbit|horse|HasProperty|fluffy
hose|rock|MadeOf|metal/steel
wrist|neck|PartOf|lower body
buggy|scooter|MadeOf|metal
cranberry|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
ceiling|window|PartOf|body
pliers|stick|CapableOf|print
squid|eel|IsA|fish
willow|birch|IsA|weapon
rattlesnake|cat|HasA|walking
radio|clamp|MadeOf|paper
deer|porcupine|IsA|predator
window|floor|PartOf|garage
body|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
forearm|arm|MadeOf|upper body parts
ankle|leg|AtLocation|below the waist 
thigh|foot|HasProperty|below the waist 
doctor|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
frog|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
harmonica|bagpipe|IsA|brass instrument
soup|wine|IsA|liquid
tent|cabin|IsA|religious place
toe|thigh|HasProperty|lower body
boy|girl|MadeOf|metal
apartment|tent|HasProperty|for the rich
screwdriver|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
arm|forearm|HasProperty|something humans have two of
finger|neck|IsA|plural
typewriter|drill|HasA|sharp edge
lemon|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
blouse|scarf|IsA|item of clothing
giraffe|tiger|HasA|tail
ceiling|floor|HasProperty|enclosed
saxophone|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
zebra|horse|IsA|an animal
car|yacht|UsedFor|eating
forearm|arm|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
trout|catfish|HasA|red shell when cooked
uncle|father|IsA|son of your grandpa
tray|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
woman|nurse|IsA|noun
falcon|vulture|HasProperty|domesticated
tiger|cat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
elephant|frog|IsA|common pet
duck|eagle|HasA|start with a p
scarf|necklace|MadeOf|/contain glass
spear|bayonet|IsA|tree
turtle|frog|IsA|colorful 
nail|leg|AtLocation|on head
brother|son|IsA|family
coconut|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
turtle|cat|HasA|walking
microwave|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pen|scissors|HasA|keyboard
ankle|toe|IsA|on the lower half 
elephant|deer|HasA|big horns/tusk
tower|deck|PartOf|human body
tray|toaster|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
trombone|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
wheel|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
closet|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
cow|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
trousers|pants|UsedFor|feet protection
cherry|raspberry|IsA|fruit
jeans|shirt|UsedFor|transporting things
perch|zebra|IsA|fish
trumpet|flute|IsA|wind instrument
camel|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
falcon|duck|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
skis|wheel|AtLocation|in there
clamp|fan|IsA|digital device
screwdriver|drill|MadeOf|writing
eye|hair|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
house|tent|HasProperty|for the rich
turtle|frog|CapableOf|flying
moth|flea|IsA|insect
sandwich|liquor|IsA|diary food
salmon|tuna|HasA|shell
cat|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
wrist|elbow|UsedFor|waving
trombone|trumpet|MadeOf|wood
broccoli|cucumber|IsA|vegetable
hut|house|HasProperty|for the rich
blender|sink|UsedFor|heating items up
pear|lemon|IsA|fruit
dress|gown|UsedFor|transporting things
grapefruit|avocado|HasA|seed/seeds/pit
whisky|salad|IsA|diary food
kettle|fridge|CapableOf|be plugged in
grenade|shotgun|IsA|weapon
meal|supper|HasProperty|mainly meat
cigarette|tray|CapableOf|be worn
sailboat|canoe|AtLocation|in there
roof|bathroom|IsA|body part
pistol|hose|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
rabbit|squirrel|HasA|horn
rabbit|raccoon|IsA|mink
coconut|lemon|HasProperty|green
rock|radio|CapableOf|provide water
leg|arm|PartOf|house
roof|bathroom|PartOf|building
screws|strainer|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
sack|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
rock|microwave|UsedFor|food
hut|gate|HasA|start with a b
saxophone|flute|CapableOf|be blown into
rocker|fan|MadeOf|paper
dog|sheep|UsedFor|riding
chandelier|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
knee|toe|IsA|plural
sauce|meat|UsedFor|desserts
magazine|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
bison|elephant|HasA|horn or antler
leg|fingers|PartOf|building
wall|cupboard|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
cougar|hyena|IsA|like a cat
cat|butterfly|HasA|walking
daughter|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
rocket|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
tent|building|HasProperty|for the rich
wife|aunt|IsA|car
buggy|wheel|AtLocation|in water
neck|shoulder|IsA|upper body part
trombone|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
nurse|cousin|IsA|male
drill|scissors|CapableOf|writing
spear|spade|IsA|tree
paintbrush|comb|MadeOf|writing
thigh|knee|HasProperty|upper body
horse|cat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
spider|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
screwdriver|drill|IsA|construction tool
squirrel|alligator|HasA|four feet
broom|spade|IsA|weapon
ship|helicopter|UsedFor|transportation
cabin|bungalow|PartOf|set of furniture
boy|mother|HasA|the color brown in it
pear|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
groundhog|coyote|HasA|hair/fur
crocodile|frog|HasProperty|carnivorous
cousin|brother|HasProperty|an older relative
worker|nurse|HasA|head
mother|daughter|HasProperty|exclusively female
tank|cannon|UsedFor|firing artillery
elk|deer|IsA|has horns
beetle|frog|CapableOf|flying
nurse|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
groundhog|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
skin|body|CapableOf|help you walk
paintbrush|chisel|CapableOf|print
falcon|hawk|AtLocation|at a beach
window|arm|PartOf|room
ant|snail|HasProperty|typically able to fly
harp|piano|HasA|neck
cousin|brother|IsA|man
coyote|groundhog|PartOf|herd
tuba|harmonica|HasA|reed to make it work
boy|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
pen|comb|CapableOf|to paint
pelican|kite|PartOf|wild life
crocodile|cat|HasProperty|carnivorous
chisel|drill|UsedFor|grooming
floor|deck|PartOf|building
room|walls|AtLocation|above your head
door|bedroom|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
metal|mink|IsA|bottle
gun|shotgun|IsA|weapon
clamp|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
spider|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
gown|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
cockroach|spider|IsA|colorful 
bison|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
arm|leg|PartOf|house
throat|lips|IsA|part of the body
blender|sink|CapableOf|scoop things
bungalow|building|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
cat|camel|HasA| mane (hair on it)
wife|girlfriend|IsA|male
hare|skunk|MadeOf|green
elephant|spider|PartOf|jumping
beans|pepper|IsA|vegetable
sink|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
dress|coat|IsA|home appliance
boy|cousin|HasProperty|a profession
barrel|tray|HasProperty|part of a car
pear|coconut|IsA|berry
tape|rock|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
pony|goat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
peach|orange|IsA|red  or orang
girlfriend|actress|IsA|car
tray|sink|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
faucet|tap|MadeOf|metal
squid|tuna|HasA|shell
avocado|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
sack|bag|HasA|sleeves
wheel|rock|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
hose|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
cod|mackerel|IsA|fish
mother|cousin|PartOf|hospital staff
ship|bowl|AtLocation|in the air
worm|frog|IsA|plant
bison|elephant|IsA|something a farmer would own
rattlesnake|crocodile|HasProperty|dangerous
chisel|stick|MadeOf|writing
butterfly|spider|HasProperty|an insect
cat|pony|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pen|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
clarinet|guitar|HasA|strings
trousers|boots|CapableOf|keep legs warm
sister|cousin|AtLocation|in a castle
rope|stereo|MadeOf|metal
woman|girl|IsA|female (strictly)
coat|pants|AtLocation|on neck
chisel|drill|IsA|construction tool
rabbit|chicken|MadeOf|something edible
coconut|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
knee|foot|AtLocation|on lower body
spider|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
necklace|lantern|MadeOf|metal
raft|yacht|AtLocation|in there
porcupine|mink|CapableOf|be held 
blender|kettle|UsedFor|storing food 
squid|eel|HasA|shell
cougar|hyena|UsedFor|travel
microwave|rock|CapableOf|be use for transportation
snail|frog|IsA|insect
raccoon|hare|CapableOf|eat palm nuts
garlic|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
roof|floor|UsedFor|defense
dog|cat|IsA|teeth
necklace|scarf|MadeOf|threads
rocker|rope|MadeOf|paper
prune|avocado|HasA|stone inside
rocker|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
elk|elephant|CapableOf|carry a adult human
jeans|shirt|HasA|wheel
canoe|sailboat|HasProperty|usually a large size
clarinet|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
father|mother|CapableOf|be a lady
sister|daughter|HasA|multiple people pictured
saucer|helicopter|HasA|wings
dress|boots|UsedFor|warming upper body
jet|boat|CapableOf|transport ships
pipe|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
beetle|snail|CapableOf|fly
orange|lime|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
sugar|beer|IsA|diary food
candle|lantern|UsedFor|wearing
sailboat|canoe|CapableOf|carry multiple people
raccoon|hare|IsA|predator
donkey|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
trombone|saxophone|HasA|keyboard
bike|scooter|HasA|more than two wheels
daughter|mother|AtLocation|in a castle
barn|house|IsA|component of a home
building|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
rock|fan|CapableOf|working
spatula|paintbrush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
gown|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
tomato|garlic|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
eel|salmon|AtLocation|at sea
rattlesnake|mole|HasA|horn
lemon|olive|UsedFor|testy
banana|pear|HasA|stone inside
tape|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
kidney|bone|HasProperty|liquid
tuba|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
daughter|mother|IsA|immediate relation with you
garlic|lemon|CapableOf|bitter
actress|girl|HasProperty|male
mother|boy|UsedFor|food
cherry|pear|HasA|edible skin (usually)
duck|pigeon|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
brother|son|IsA|family member
camel|cougar|MadeOf|a living thing
dog|tiger|HasA| mane (hair on it)
canoe|yacht|AtLocation|in water
knees|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
wife|mother|HasA|child
rock|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
shoulder|forearm|HasA|less than three joints
steak|salad|MadeOf|meat
nail|leg|IsA|limb
worm|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly
cranberry|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
zebra|chicken|IsA|fish
elephant|gorilla|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
coyote|groundhog|HasA|hair/fur
cello|accordion|UsedFor|sound
elk|camel|HasA|thick body
leopard|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
lips|brow|AtLocation|below mouth
boat|skateboard|CapableOf|be used in snow
stick|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
house|church|IsA|component of a home
ant|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
garlic|avocado|UsedFor|cleaning
girlfriend|girl|IsA|profession
camel|elk|HasA|thick body
finger|arm|PartOf|house
jeep|yacht|UsedFor|farming
tractor|wheel|AtLocation|in water
chisel|pliers|MadeOf|writing
salad|meal|HasProperty|mainly meat
spatula|scissors|IsA|construction tool
frog|beetle|IsA|plant
bolts|screws|CapableOf|be used in home
church|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
salmon|eel|HasA|fins
bacon|salad|HasProperty|two syllables
elk|squirrel|IsA|predator
stick|brush|HasA|sharp edge
skirt|coat|IsA|home appliance
otter|squirrel|MadeOf|green
nurse|aunt|IsA|female
perch|crab|HasA|red shell when cooked
crayon|stick|IsA|construction tool
radio|mixer|UsedFor|music related entertainment
socks|pants|PartOf|lower waistline
skin|leg|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
crocodile|squirrel|HasA|a shell
crocodile|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
barrel|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
tape|hose|UsedFor|a vehicle
spoon|ladle|CapableOf|scoop things
rope|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
hyena|tiger|IsA|type of big cat
hyena|cougar|IsA|herbivore
grenade|cannon|UsedFor|bullets
stove|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
grapefruit|cherry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
barrel|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
goat|tiger|HasProperty|fluffy
dishwasher|sink|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
fingers|wrist|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
sugar|bean|IsA|meat
elk|caribou|IsA|predator 
necklace|pants|MadeOf|threads
fridge|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tongue|lips|PartOf|face
frog|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
pants|jeans|UsedFor|feet
hose|gun|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
tray|door|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
paintbrush|comb|HasProperty|cutting
kite|vulture|HasA|large wingspan
cabin|building|HasProperty|for the rich
toaster|kettle|PartOf|kitchen appliance
blouse|jacket|IsA|an accessory
spider|squirrel|HasA|eating
flute|trumpet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
willow|spade|IsA|weapon
car|scooter|UsedFor|land suitable one
cottage|apartment|HasProperty|for the rich
camel|bison|MadeOf|a living thing
tiger|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
horse|cow|IsA|something a farmer would own
soup|potatoes|IsA|meat
pen|scissors|CapableOf|print
dress|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
tuba|piano|HasA|strings
rock|magazine|IsA|mostly black in colour
pelican|hawk|CapableOf|fly
pepper|tomato|HasA|seeds
rocker|fan|MadeOf|steel
dishwasher|tray|UsedFor|making food
comb|spatula|HasA|sharp edge
cloak|skirt|HasProperty|something that can be worn
flea|ant|HasProperty|an insect
goat|dog|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
faucet|fan|IsA|digital device
rock|tap|MadeOf|metal/steel
crab|octopus|AtLocation|on a farm
sink|ladle|IsA|electric powered item
elbow|neck|AtLocation|bottom half of body
raccoon|squirrel|HasProperty|originated from north america
porcupine|groundhog|AtLocation|carnivorous
coyote|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
wasp|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
uncle|brother|HasProperty|an older relative
jacket|umbrella|IsA|logo
salad|sandwich|IsA|liquid
rattlesnake|beetle|IsA|plant
cart|horse|HasA|stripes
clarinet|flute|HasA|start with a t
cannon|tank|MadeOf|wood (partially)
lamp|cigarette|CapableOf|give off light/glow
spider|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
carpet|curtains|UsedFor|lighting
wheel|faucet|AtLocation|kitchen
crocodile|camel|AtLocation|in africa
bolts|fan|MadeOf|paper
pigeon|seagull|CapableOf|be a household pet
boat|ship|HasA|the ability to fly
beaver|elk|HasProperty|living in water
truck|car|HasA|wheels
screwdriver|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
jeep|yacht|HasA|an engine
cottage|cabin|HasProperty|a black and white picture
rabbit|porcupine|AtLocation|carnivorous
scarf|necklace|AtLocation|neck
otter|skunk|HasProperty|4 letters long
orange|plum|HasProperty|yellow
caribou|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
trumpet|tuba|HasA|reed to make it work
rope|cannon|IsA|vessel
mother|wife|IsA|immediate relation with you
finger|hand|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
sheep|donkey|IsA|typical pet
eagle|kite|UsedFor|a national symbol
rattlesnake|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
actress|wife|HasA|child
oven|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
wheel|plate|CapableOf|be used in home
scissors|pen|PartOf|drawing
door|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
plug|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
salad|bacon|UsedFor|dinner
man|mother|HasProperty|steel
moth|worm|IsA|plant
beaver|squirrel|AtLocation|on tree
rope|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
horse|cart|HasA|stripes
boy|actress|HasA|the color brown in it
camel|buffalo|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
supper|bean|HasA|vegetables
piano|trombone|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
rattlesnake|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
tower|roof|MadeOf|wood
crayon|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
shirt|jacket|HasA|sleeves
fridge|microwave|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
razor|comb|UsedFor|grooming
canoe|raft|UsedFor|eating
spade|spear|IsA|tree
stick|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
butterfly|cockroach|IsA|plant
guitar|piano|MadeOf|strings
hawk|duck|IsA|alive 
house|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
coyote|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
knife|stick|CapableOf|print
steak|bacon|MadeOf|meat
nurse|princess|HasProperty|male
body|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
guitar|flute|MadeOf|wood
owl|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
walls|floor|PartOf|human body
sugar|butter|UsedFor|desserts
forearm|shoulder|AtLocation|upper body
deer|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
buzzard|duck|HasA|large wingspan
aunt|mother|IsA|younger person
owl|woodpecker|CapableOf|be a household pet
leg|toe|PartOf|lower body
bedroom|carpet|UsedFor|storage
wife|sister|PartOf|your family
clamp|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
brush|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
goat|lamb|MadeOf|red
girl|actress|IsA|noun
woodpecker|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
wheel|screws|CapableOf|transport liquids
brush|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
skin|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
gown|jacket|HasProperty|worn below the waist
shotgun|grenade|UsedFor|firing artillery
arm|neck|HasProperty|mostly of cylindrical shape
saxophone|flute|HasA|valves
leg|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
harmonica|harp|UsedFor|sound
floor|ceiling|UsedFor|decoration
toaster|sink|AtLocation|on a countertop
tape|hose|UsedFor|can your card used home
deck|ceiling|HasProperty|vertical
tongue|finger|IsA|(one of five) human senses
aunt|doctor|IsA|car
doctor|actress|IsA|profession
eye|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
pear|avocado|HasA|seed/seeds/pit
strawberry|raspberry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
bike|skateboard|CapableOf|roll
faucet|mixer|UsedFor|can your card used home
spoon|fridge|MadeOf|steel mostly
thigh|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
thermometer|tray|UsedFor|wearing
barrel|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
coyote|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
crayon|drill|UsedFor|grooming
fingers|wrist|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
gun|rocket|UsedFor|work
cockroach|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
tomato|avocado|IsA|vegetable
trombone|flute|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
leopard|cougar|IsA|herbivore
cello|harmonica|HasA|keys
hawk|kite|IsA|bird of prey
rock|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
catfish|perch|HasA|legs
canoe|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
blouse|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
strawberry|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
donkey|goat|IsA|typical pet
daughter|aunt|IsA|male
gown|wheelbarrow|IsA|worn on the lower body
door|bed|CapableOf|be plumbed in
building|gate|IsA|permanent structure
magazine|radio|CapableOf|provide water
mole|beaver|HasProperty|originated from north america
clamp|tape|CapableOf|make sound
magazine|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
bathroom|ceiling|HasProperty|indoor
bagpipe|guitar|UsedFor|sound
camel|zebra|IsA|an animal
fawn|groundhog|IsA|predator
typewriter|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
freezer|tray|UsedFor|making food
orange|cranberry|HasA|edible skin
leopard|zebra|IsA|has horns
cougar|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
knife|typewriter|UsedFor|crafts
skunk|mole|UsedFor|swimming
pencil|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
comb|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
olive|cucumber|IsA|fruit
gorilla|elephant|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
airplane|helicopter|CapableOf|fly
tent|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
arm|body|AtLocation|on your head
house|cottage|IsA|public building (typically)
raspberry|banana|HasProperty|sweet
paintbrush|crayon|PartOf|drawing
gate|inn|HasProperty|a black and white picture
daughter|mother|HasA|blood relation with you
fridge|toilet|UsedFor|making food
elephant|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
tiger|bison|HasA| mane (hair on it)
cod|trout|IsA|fish
woman|mother|HasProperty|steel
orange|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
stove|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
raccoon|beaver|AtLocation|underground
turtle|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
garlic|lime|CapableOf|spices
razor|chisel|HasA|sharp cutting edge
squirrel|porcupine|PartOf|herd
rope|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
pony|deer|IsA|typical pet
fingers|leg|PartOf|human body
skateboard|raft|AtLocation|in there
onions|corn|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
zebra|tiger|HasA|tail
steak|meal|MadeOf|meat
jeep|bike|UsedFor|water
mother|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
boy|girl|UsedFor|food
actress|man|HasA|color
rabbit|mink|IsA|mink
hare|porcupine|IsA|predator
mixer|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
oven|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
mixer|fan|CapableOf|consume electricity
tray|freezer|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
snail|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
stick|spatula|IsA|construction tool
rabbit|mink|PartOf|herd
ankle|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
coat|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
squirrel|beaver|CapableOf|attack human
walls|window|HasProperty|enclosed
tank|truck|HasA|an engine
flute|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
tongue|mouth|UsedFor|eating
rifle|grenade|IsA|hand-held weapon
blouse|skirt|CapableOf|be worn
jet|helicopter|AtLocation|on water
goat|tomato|MadeOf|something edible
pipe|barrel|UsedFor|harm
fan|stereo|UsedFor|electronic uses
crayon|comb|CapableOf|print
radio|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
shoulder|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
rocket|shotgun|HasProperty|tiger
woman|girl|HasA|color
hose|bolts|UsedFor|daily usage 
bagpipe|saxophone|HasA|keys
neck|finger|AtLocation|below mouth
chicken|duck|IsA|fruit or vegetable
house|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
tap|rock|MadeOf|paper
rabbit|lamb|IsA|animal
boots|gown|PartOf|lower waistline
knife|comb|HasProperty|cutting
wheel|skateboard|HasA|wheels
tuna|eel|IsA|water animal
mother|girl|IsA|car
rocket|gun|UsedFor|work
nurse|actress|HasA|a blood relation with you
fridge|radio|MadeOf|maybe
nose|brow|UsedFor|eating
tractor|boat|UsedFor|eating
rocker|clamp|UsedFor|a vehicle
stick|drill|MadeOf|writing
comb|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
door|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
tray|barrel|PartOf|any of various units of 
spatula|razor|CapableOf|print
cello|violin|MadeOf|strings
wood|mink|MadeOf|animals or plants
barn|bed|IsA|religious place
door|fridge|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
bolts|screws|UsedFor|harm
ceiling|bathroom|UsedFor|tiling
sauce|soup|UsedFor|drinking
jeep|buggy|MadeOf|metal
squirrel|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
shoulder|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
caterpillar|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
onions|pepper|IsA|fruit
camel|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
apartment|church|AtLocation|at your home
razor|typewriter|UsedFor|crafts
skis|buggy|UsedFor|eating
alligator|iguana|HasA|a shell
worker|girl|IsA|person
sister|aunt|HasA|child
ankle|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
knife|brush|IsA|construction tool
flute|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
knife|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
pliers|comb|HasProperty|cutting
piano|flute|MadeOf|wood
roof|window|CapableOf|be used home
sled|jeep|UsedFor|water
vulture|pelican|IsA|sea bird
neck|finger|HasProperty|upper body
pants|bag|HasA|sleeves
neck|fingers|PartOf|human body
saxophone|trombone|HasA|keys
supper|salad|HasProperty|mainly meat
dove|starling|HasA|large wingspan
woman|aunt|HasProperty|royalty
lime|cheese|CapableOf|spices
nail|leg|AtLocation|on your head
flute|trombone|HasA|tube
banana|pear|HasA|big seed
muscle|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
nose|throat|IsA|pink face feature
yacht|scooter|MadeOf|metal
flute|trumpet|PartOf|strings
house|cathedral|HasA| place for worship
spatula|comb|AtLocation|construction site
kidney|liver|HasProperty|liquid
princess|doctor|IsA|occupation
donkey|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
cupboard|door|CapableOf|open/close
socks|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
dress|blouse|CapableOf|be worn
lemon|banana|IsA|fruit
soup|meal|HasProperty|mainly meat
piano|clarinet|IsA|instrument
sailboat|raft|UsedFor|water
groundhog|mink|CapableOf|hunt other animals
skateboard|car|UsedFor|snow
harpsichord|cello|UsedFor|sound
bar|arm|PartOf|room
woman|doctor|IsA|family member
pliers|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pants|trousers|UsedFor|warming upper body
truck|yacht|UsedFor|farming
tower|bar|PartOf|building
clamp|plug|UsedFor|entertainment
magazine|rock|UsedFor|entertainment
clock|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
hyena|leopard|IsA|like a cat
strawberry|pear|HasProperty|yellow
body|nail|AtLocation|below the knee
saxophone|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
worm|turtle|CapableOf|flying
coconut|pear|HasA|stone 
drill|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
trombone|accordion|HasA|keys
saxophone|banjo|HasA|tube
squirrel|mink|AtLocation|water usually
woman|father|HasProperty|a picture of a female
plum|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
banana|raspberry|IsA|fruit
blood|bone|AtLocation|inside
supper|salad|HasA|vegetables
elephant|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
toaster|dishwasher|PartOf|kitchen appliance
dress|blouse|AtLocation|on your upper torso
blender|tray|UsedFor|heating items up
falcon|pelican|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
mother|aunt|IsA|younger person
tap|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
rabbit|groundhog|HasA|hair/fur
horse|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
wheel|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
nurse|worker|IsA|family member
wife|aunt|HasProperty|royalty
liver|bone|IsA|organ
deck|window|IsA|part of a building
nurse|woman|UsedFor|food
trousers|dress|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
hyena|cougar|AtLocation|in hot climates 
scarf|mirror|UsedFor|wearing
car|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
toe|forearm|IsA|joint
trombone|banjo|HasA|keys
goat|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
olive|celery|HasProperty|green
bed|birch|IsA|weapon
rifle|gun|CapableOf|be launched/fired
nose|finger|IsA|pink face feature
apartment|cottage|IsA|red home
clarinet|accordion|MadeOf|strings
mug|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
sheep|cow|AtLocation|on a farm 
finger|lips|UsedFor|eating
stereo|mixer|UsedFor|listening to music
snail|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
son|prince|AtLocation|royal meeting room
magazine|fridge|MadeOf|maybe
deer|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
lamb|duck|MadeOf|red
caterpillar|cockroach|IsA|bug
elephant|spider|CapableOf|kill a human
camel|frog|IsA|teeth
cat|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
blender|freezer|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
tape|bolts|IsA|electric 
woodpecker|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
oven|microwave|CapableOf|be plugged in
fan|clamp|IsA|related to music 
wheel|magazine|IsA|electric 
gorilla|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
harmonica|saxophone|IsA|wind instrument
horse|camel|IsA|object
neck|toe|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
falcon|eagle|CapableOf|attack others
ladle|sink|UsedFor|stirring
mink|skunk|CapableOf|running fast
paintbrush|typewriter|HasA|wax
mink|porcupine|CapableOf|be held 
donkey|horse|IsA|typical pet
lantern|necklace|UsedFor|providing light
rocket|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
princess|woman|HasProperty|male
elbow|wrist|UsedFor|waving
crayon|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
snail|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
wife|woman|IsA|male
frog|rabbit|HasProperty|four-legged
father|actress|HasProperty|a picture of a female
tray|door|UsedFor|making food
leg|thigh|AtLocation|on lower body
groundhog|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
faucet|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
elephant|frog|HasProperty|four-legged
bedroom|sofa|CapableOf|be used to sleep
coconut|lemon|HasA|usually inedible skin
finger|arm|AtLocation|below waist
prune|grapefruit|PartOf|a red the color of
bolts|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
skunk|beaver|CapableOf|hunt other animals
pencil|paintbrush|AtLocation|construction site
arm|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
cabin|church|IsA|component of a home
blouse|trousers|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
spatula|crayon|IsA|construction tool
garlic|plum|IsA|physical fruit or veg
sugar|potatoes|IsA|colour red
daughter|wife|IsA|male
zebra|perch|IsA|mollusk
bag|shirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
man|worker|UsedFor|food
tower|bathroom|CapableOf|let in air
saxophone|guitar|HasA|keyboard
wheel|fan|MadeOf|metal
faucet|hose|PartOf|tire
gown|sack|IsA|worn on the lower body
neck|body|AtLocation|on the inside
rabbit|elk|CapableOf|go underground
mole|beaver|CapableOf|be held 
actress|girl|HasA|pay check
trousers|dress|AtLocation|above the feet
saxophone|trumpet|CapableOf|be blown into
mole|skunk|HasA|hair/fur
cow|goat|HasA|hooves
hose|magazine|MadeOf|metal/steel
stove|dishwasher|UsedFor|storing food 
scissors|razor|MadeOf|writing
pen|pencil|PartOf|drawing
comb|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cow|sheep|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tower|ceiling|CapableOf|be opened/closed
clamp|mixer|IsA|digital device
lemon|strawberry|IsA|fruit
cabin|cottage|HasProperty|a place where people live
son|cousin|HasProperty|an older relative
woman|worker|HasProperty|steel
elbow|shoulder|PartOf|the upper body
skunk|porcupine|AtLocation|underground
boat|ship|UsedFor|transportation in water
fan|bolts|MadeOf|metal
deck|bathroom|PartOf|body
wrist|forearm|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
camel|ox|HasA|antler
crocodile|cart|IsA|herbivore
ox|cougar|MadeOf|a living thing
raspberry|grapefruit|IsA|red  or orang
clamp|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
mink|hare|IsA|mink
mother|daughter|IsA|family member
shoulder|hand|AtLocation|in your upper body
raccoon|rabbit|IsA|mammal
gun|pistol|CapableOf|used in war
scissors|paintbrush|UsedFor|cutting
cottage|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
ankle|toe|AtLocation|below waist
shoulder|arm|IsA|limb
elephant|bison|AtLocation|typically europe
bathroom|tower|HasProperty|enclosed
microwave|blender|CapableOf|be plugged in
bar|neck|PartOf|room
drill|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tank|rocket|CapableOf|be held in a hand
porcupine|mole|HasProperty|living in water
barrel|tank|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
tractor|raft|UsedFor|eating
toilet|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
groundhog|mink|CapableOf|live in water
tap|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
otter|mink|HasA|big ears
buggy|tractor|CapableOf|carry multiple people
harmonica|harpsichord|HasA|keys
raft|yacht|UsedFor|water
squirrel|mole|IsA|otter
thigh|finger|IsA|joint
lemon|pineapple|IsA|citrus fruit
salmon|crab|IsA|mollusk
microwave|sink|AtLocation|on a countertop
mink|hare|HasProperty|4 letters long
coconut|prune|HasA|stone 
wheelbarrow|sack|HasA|wheel
arm|fingers|HasA|more than 1 finger
meat|potatoes|AtLocation|in the ground
prince|king|IsA|male
mink|mole|IsA|otter
microwave|oven|CapableOf|working
spider|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
elk|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
girlfriend|girl|HasA|a blood relation with you
woman|wife|UsedFor|transportation
rabbit|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
blender|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cow|sheep|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
aunt|daughter|IsA|car
knee|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
butterfly|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
princess|woman|HasA|a blood relation with you
camel|bison|HasA|spots or stripes
butterfly|caterpillar|IsA|insect
bike|jeep|UsedFor|land suitable one
rope|screws|IsA|firearm
prune|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
rope|faucet|IsA|digital device
skirt|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
raft|buggy|AtLocation|in there
rabbit|mink|HasA|hooves
pony|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
finger|window|PartOf|room
scissors|chisel|CapableOf|be used for drawing
coconut|pear|HasProperty|yellow
uncle|father|IsA|royalty
aunt|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
stereo|mixer|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
lantern|lamp|HasProperty|quite small
brush|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
bean|supper|HasA|meat
toe|ankle|UsedFor|walking
zebra|cougar|IsA|predator 
arm|hand|HasA|foot attached 
wheel|tank|PartOf|any of various units of 
princess|wife|IsA|female (strictly)
blouse|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
curtains|bedroom|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
necklace|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
jeep|wheel|HasA|wheels
celery|avocado|HasA|any green on it 
oak|bed|AtLocation|inside
squirrel|elephant|HasA|trunk
rock|magazine|MadeOf|metal
walls|tower|AtLocation|above your head
spatula|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mixer|rope|UsedFor|entertainment
saucer|jet|CapableOf|float 
elk|fawn|HasA|hair/fur
forearm|neck|PartOf|lower body
nurse|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
nose|lips|AtLocation|below mouth
barrel|rope|CapableOf|use electricity
inn|apartment|HasProperty|for the rich
bolts|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
cigarette|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
cockroach|ant|HasProperty|an insect
mirror|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
pineapple|pear|HasProperty|yellow
lemon|pear|HasA|single hard pit
mouth|throat|CapableOf| taste
camel|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
cockroach|wasp|IsA|insect
squirrel|spider|MadeOf|small animals
gate|bridge|UsedFor|religious gatherings
flute|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
crocodile|cheetah|IsA|herbivore
dog|camel|CapableOf|be domesticated
rope|bolts|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
banjo|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
door|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
scooter|wheel|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
mixer|stereo|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
canoe|skis|AtLocation|in there
finger|elbow|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
fridge|dishwasher|HasProperty|using electricity
caribou|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
actress|boy|HasA|the color brown in it
house|bridge|UsedFor|religious gatherings
sheep|horse|IsA|typical pet
rope|wheel|CapableOf|be used in home
zebra|camel|AtLocation|in water
trombone|trumpet|MadeOf|metal
raspberry|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
strainer|tank|MadeOf|wood
jet|boat|HasA|the ability to fly
spoon|ladle|IsA|electric powered item
mink|squirrel|PartOf|herd
radio|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
giraffe|camel|HasA|horn or antler
father|girl|IsA|profession
mixer|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
thermometer|mirror|IsA|home appliance
catfish|perch|AtLocation|at sea
porcupine|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
tank|buggy|UsedFor|eating
harmonica|tuba|HasA|strings
rabbit|goat|MadeOf|red
snail|worm|AtLocation|nature
butterfly|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
skirt|scarf|IsA|home appliance
blouse|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
typewriter|paintbrush|IsA|cuting
elbow|wrist|HasA|nails
rope|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
rattlesnake|caterpillar|HasA|walking
cupboard|carpet|CapableOf|open/close
walls|roof|CapableOf|be used home
grenade|shotgun|CapableOf|be held in a hand
prune|plum|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
freezer|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
wheel|rope|CapableOf|transport liquids
drill|screwdriver|UsedFor|hair
stereo|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
frog|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
grenade|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
boots|shoes|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
airplane|boat|UsedFor|transportation
prune|pear|HasProperty|yellow
avocado|pear|IsA|long fruit
daughter|sister|IsA|profession
rope|hose|MadeOf|metal/steel
kite|pigeon|CapableOf|be a household pet
neck|finger|HasProperty|lower body
drill|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
finger|leg|IsA|plural
steak|wine|IsA|diary food
saxophone|trombone|PartOf|strings
tank|boat|UsedFor|farming
squirrel|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
inn|cottage|HasProperty|a black and white picture
wheel|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
elk|bison|MadeOf|a living thing
trout|eel|IsA|mollusk
elbow|hand|HasProperty|upper body
rattlesnake|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
potatoes|milk|UsedFor|desserts
tiger|giraffe|IsA|type of cat
tray|dishwasher|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
sheep|goat|UsedFor|food products
rope|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
bridge|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
beetle|moth|IsA|colorful 
tower|ceiling|UsedFor|decoration
screwdriver|pencil|PartOf|drawing
stove|oven|PartOf|kitchen appliance
coconut|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
paper|mink|CapableOf|burn
sparrow|kite|HasA|large wing span
pencil|pen|UsedFor|brushing
raccoon|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
avocado|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
pear|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
pigeon|hawk|HasA|start with a p
fingers|hand|PartOf|lower body
rocker|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
tap|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
scooter|bike|HasA|more than two wheels
steak|bacon|IsA|diary food
boat|ship|AtLocation|in water
door|bedroom|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
fridge|sink|CapableOf|be held in your hand
girl|woman|IsA|person
worm|spider|IsA|plant
hyena|tiger|IsA|has horns
mixer|plug|MadeOf|paper
finger|neck|UsedFor|waving
skin|nail|HasA|bones
knee|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
pen|pencil|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
hare|fawn|IsA|predator
raspberry|orange|HasA|single hard pit
sugar|bean|IsA|diary food
clamp|mixer|MadeOf|paper
rocket|plate|IsA|firearm
toe|shoulder|IsA|plural
paintbrush|brush|IsA|metal
hare|mink|CapableOf|go underground
cod|catfish|IsA|water animal
tent|cabin|HasProperty|made of concrete
parakeet|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
finger|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
avocado|celery|HasA|any green on it 
arm|wrist|MadeOf|upper body parts
banana|grapefruit|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
daughter|wife|HasA|multiple people pictured
hare|squirrel|HasA|long tail
cannon|tank|CapableOf|used in war
room|window|PartOf|human body
mixer|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
elbow|shoulder|MadeOf|a whole body part
bolts|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
elephant|crocodile|IsA|object
candle|lamp|UsedFor|a light source
pencil|crayon|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
plug|magazine|IsA|mostly black in colour
grenade|gun|CapableOf|used in war
sink|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
stick|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
door|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
frog|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
whisky|wine|IsA|diary food
chisel|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
clamp|rock|CapableOf|be turned on
brush|drill|CapableOf|writing
skunk|glass|IsA|bottle
rabbit|elephant|HasProperty|four-legged
ceiling|hand|PartOf|house
cupboard|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
mirror|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
elephant|hyena|IsA|violent creature
nail|blood|HasA|bones
beetle|spider|IsA|colorful 
bacon|supper|MadeOf|meat
hawk|vulture|AtLocation|at a beach
onions|celery|UsedFor|cleaning
pliers|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
necklace|scarf|IsA|accessory
corn|coconut|HasProperty|green
house|inn|AtLocation|at your home
ant|butterfly|IsA|insect
pear|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
tank|gun|HasProperty|made for violence
prince|cousin|IsA|male
hare|raccoon|IsA|sad
plum|raspberry|IsA|bitter fruit
camel|horse|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pen|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
tap|faucet|UsedFor|can your card used home
prince|uncle|AtLocation|royal meeting room
wasp|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
rope|screws|CapableOf|be launched/fired
sack|gown|IsA|worn on the lower body
bowl|balloon|CapableOf|fly
squirrel|elephant|IsA|household pet
cat|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
bar|room|UsedFor|working with computer
brow|tongue|AtLocation|below mouth
finger|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
jacket|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
coconut|pear|HasA|single hard pit
fridge|dishwasher|HasProperty|consuming electricity
mole|squirrel|HasA|horn
soup|steak|HasA|vegetables
bowl|balloon|AtLocation|on water
hose|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
truck|boat|UsedFor|single person transport
comb|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
elephant|bison|HasA|thick body
cannon|tank|CapableOf|blow things up
sugar|soup|IsA|meat
trousers|boots|UsedFor|feet protection
strainer|pipe|MadeOf|metal/steel
actress|mother|UsedFor|food
mother|nurse|HasProperty|steel
frog|rabbit|CapableOf|jump
deer|goat|IsA|typical pet
orange|olive|PartOf|eating
elbow|fingers|UsedFor|waving
pony|sheep|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
wheel|tap|IsA|related to music 
lantern|cigarette|HasProperty|something to be worn
fingers|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
bolts|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
prune|avocado|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
squirrel|elephant|HasA|tail
plum|cherry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
boots|socks|AtLocation|above the feet
buggy|tractor|AtLocation|in there
worker|nurse|HasA|color
bison|caribou|HasA|horn
wrist|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
tape|radio|MadeOf|metal
mother|wife|CapableOf|become pregnant 
spider|butterfly|IsA|crustecean
door|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
faucet|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
wheel|tap|AtLocation|kitchen
window|walls|AtLocation|above your head in general
mirror|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
beaver|deer|IsA|mammal
forearm|wrist|MadeOf|upper body parts
rifle|wheel|CapableOf|be used in home
jeep|car|CapableOf|carry multiple people
daughter|nurse|IsA|male
hand|neck|AtLocation|in your upper body
hair|blood|AtLocation|on head
jeans|skirt|AtLocation|above the feet
window|walls|HasProperty|enclosed
clarinet|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
plate|bolts|UsedFor|daily usage 
fingers|finger|PartOf|room
mixer|plug|AtLocation|at an electronics store
daughter|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
harmonica|trombone|IsA|wind instrument
jeep|boat|UsedFor|eating
eggplant|garlic|IsA|green vegetable
thigh|toe|AtLocation|bottom half of body
girl|princess|HasA|a blood relation with you
cat|ant|IsA|plant
coat|jacket|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
snail|turtle|PartOf|water
leg|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
wrist|forearm|UsedFor|waving
liver|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
guitar|flute|IsA|wind instrument
stick|drill|CapableOf|writing
raccoon|elk|IsA|predator
onions|pepper|IsA|vegetable
perch|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
tower|floor|PartOf|house
trousers|dress|HasA|sleeves
lime|orange|PartOf|eating
spatula|crayon|CapableOf|print
paintbrush|knife|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
plate|pipe|UsedFor|daily usage 
shoulder|wrist|UsedFor|holding a cup
avocado|peach|HasA|stone 
salad|meat|MadeOf|cup
leg|window|PartOf|house
cheetah|camel|HasA|horn
pliers|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
piano|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
sauce|sugar|MadeOf|cup
toe|eye|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
bison|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
hose|faucet|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
hare|rabbit|CapableOf|hunt other animals
plate|pipe|UsedFor|storing wine
buzzard|dove|CapableOf|be a household pet
pants|jeans|UsedFor|transporting things
coyote|beaver|CapableOf|hunt other animals
groundhog|raccoon|IsA|herbivore
shotgun|gun|IsA|weapon
knees|ankle|PartOf|the lower body
scooter|truck|UsedFor|land suitable one
pants|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
deer|horse|HasA|hooves
faucet|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
perch|salmon|IsA|water animal
crayon|stick|PartOf|drawing
brush|pliers|HasA|sharp edge
jeans|pants|PartOf|pair
tap|plug|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
jeans|boots|PartOf|pair
curtains|door|CapableOf|be sat on
pencil|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
banana|avocado|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
skirt|jacket|HasProperty|something that is worn
boy|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
cigarette|tray|UsedFor|wearing
garlic|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
princess|cousin|PartOf|close blood relative
iguana|turtle|HasA|trunk
garlic|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
broom|bayonet|IsA|man made thing
stick|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
squirrel|elk|IsA|predator
skunk|hare|AtLocation|underground
bungalow|hut|IsA|permanent structure
pot|saucer|MadeOf|metal
butterfly|worm|HasA|no legs
father|son|AtLocation|royal meeting room
girl|mother|PartOf|hospital staff
tank|screws|IsA|firearm
sandwich|salad|IsA|meat
prune|pear|HasA|stone 
plug|tape|UsedFor|dispensing water
elk|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
deer|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
ankle|thigh|UsedFor|a fight
drill|crayon|PartOf|drawing
bowl|balloon|CapableOf|float 
magazine|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
banjo|saxophone|HasA|keys
skunk|fawn|IsA|mammal
lamb|goat|IsA|fruit or vegetable
bison|tiger|IsA|predator 
kettle|fridge|PartOf|kitchen appliance
clamp|mixer|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
elbow|ankle|HasA|bones
girl|woman|CapableOf|become pregnant 
plum|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
cousin|actress|IsA|family member
seagull|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
camel|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
mole|hare|HasProperty|living in water
rope|mixer|UsedFor|water
kettle|fridge|CapableOf|change temperature of things
gate|cottage|HasA|own altar
ceiling|floor|UsedFor|defense
beetle|flea|AtLocation|nature
otter|hare|MadeOf|green
rock|stereo|UsedFor|entertainment
skunk|paper|IsA|plant
bar|room|HasProperty|vertical
blender|kettle|CapableOf|scoop things
banjo|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
olive|garlic|CapableOf|delicious
bungalow|cottage|MadeOf|one or more rooms
balloon|bowl|UsedFor|transportation
trout|zebra|HasA|red shell when cooked
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|be launched/fired
cougar|hyena|HasA|horns 
arm|hand|PartOf|pair
cow|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
curtains|carpet|MadeOf|wood
avocado|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
grenade|tank|CapableOf|used in war
squirrel|beaver|IsA|mammal
pipe|tank|PartOf|any of various units of 
deer|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
tap|rope|IsA|electronic device
avocado|celery|UsedFor|meat replacement
cupboard|bed|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
bar|walls|PartOf|building
snail|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
salmon|eel|HasA|red shell when cooked
eagle|pelican|HasProperty|domesticated
caterpillar|ant|HasA|legs, six or more
boat|airplane|CapableOf|fly
banjo|clarinet|IsA|instrument
finger|forearm|IsA|plural
pencil|crayon|MadeOf|only metal
rocker|tape|UsedFor|entertainment
colander|sink|UsedFor|stirring
rope|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
coconut|onions|HasA|seeds
zebra|tiger|HasA|long neck
typewriter|pen|CapableOf|print
mink|coyote|HasA|hair/fur
chicken|goat|MadeOf|something edible
squirrel|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
lamp|lantern|IsA|nice smelling object
nurse|girl|IsA|noun
building|house|IsA|component of a home
rattlesnake|hare|HasA|horn
salmon|tuna|HasA|fins
ankle|neck|HasA|bones
scissors|crayon|UsedFor|brushing
potato|onions|PartOf|stir fry
wheel|tractor|AtLocation|in water
bed|oak|MadeOf|one or more rooms
stove|freezer|IsA|electrical appliance
woman|mother|UsedFor|transportation
gown|blouse|IsA|worn on the lower body
buffalo|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
porcupine|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bike|skateboard|HasA|engine
sandwich|meal|HasA|meat
banana|pineapple|HasProperty|yellow
rope|bolts|IsA|electric 
scissors|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
jacket|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
sink|blender|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
blouse|coat|CapableOf|be worn
room|window|PartOf|another card 
barrel|grenade|IsA|firearm
bathroom|window|PartOf|house
ceiling|leg|PartOf|house
buggy|tractor|UsedFor|land suitable one
raccoon|deer|IsA|herbivore
deer|caribou|HasA|antlers or tusks
tuba|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
pistol|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
scissors|chisel|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
metal|tin|IsA|bottle
tomato|goat|CapableOf|eating
neck|arm|AtLocation|inside
skin|toe|AtLocation|below the knee
skunk|coyote|HasA|long ears
arm|elbow|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
sailboat|tank|AtLocation|in there
shoulder|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
foot|ankle|CapableOf|help you walk
finger|brow|UsedFor|eating
clock|dress|HasProperty|worn on the neck
bathroom|deck|HasProperty|indoor
knife|pliers|UsedFor|writing
snail|worm|HasA|no legs
wheel|truck|UsedFor|eating
wasp|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
liver|toe|AtLocation|on your head
bison|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
mackerel|crab|IsA|mollusk
neck|shoulder|HasProperty|upper body
goat|horse|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
girlfriend|actress|IsA|male
tractor|tank|UsedFor|land suitable one
trumpet|flute|HasA|keys
deck|window|HasProperty|vertical
piano|clarinet|MadeOf|wood
cheese|olive|PartOf|eating
metal|paper|IsA|bottle
pen|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
barrel|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
sink|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
worm|beetle|AtLocation|nature
giraffe|buffalo|IsA|predator 
rope|tap|UsedFor|can your card used home
jet|boat|CapableOf|be found on water
forearm|wrist|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
leg|arm|PartOf|pair
chisel|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
beaver|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bathroom|window|UsedFor|working with computer
deer|donkey|HasA| mane (hair on it)
fan|tape|CapableOf|provide water
nail|ankle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cottage|apartment|UsedFor|human living
cat|flea|PartOf|water
ankle|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
dog|pony|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
bacon|supper|HasProperty|two syllables
truck|buggy|UsedFor|land suitable one
sister|cousin|HasA|child
toilet|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
lamp|chandelier|UsedFor|a light source
squirrel|spider|IsA|plant
mixer|stereo|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
jeep|buggy|AtLocation|in there
dog|cat|UsedFor|food products
shoulder|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
wife|princess|HasA|green item of clothing
dove|buzzard|CapableOf|be a household pet
owl|stork|HasA|large wing span
cart|tiger|HasA|trunk
gate|inn|IsA|permanent structure
clock|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
vulture|hawk|CapableOf|fly
daughter|sister|HasA|blood relation with you
tape|tap|UsedFor|can your card used home
otter|mole|MadeOf|green
raspberry|prune|PartOf|a red the color of
bolts|plug|UsedFor|entertainment
tuna|eel|IsA|mollusk
eel|mackerel|HasA|fins
aunt|girlfriend|CapableOf|become pregnant 
potatoes|butter|UsedFor|dessert
rabbit|duck|IsA|fruit or vegetable
trousers|shoes|UsedFor|warming upper body
princess|wife|UsedFor|transportation
candle|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
spatula|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
toilet|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
rope|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
boat|skis|AtLocation|in there
neck|leg|IsA|plural
raccoon|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cougar|elephant|IsA|violent creature
trombone|accordion|HasA|strings
actress|princess|IsA|family member
pliers|knife|PartOf|drawing
horse|goat|AtLocation|pet store
catfish|eel|HasA|legs
door|wall|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
rock|wheel|IsA|electric 
tiger|horse|HasA| mane (hair on it)
boy|nurse|MadeOf|metal
tomato|corn|HasProperty|green
flute|tuba|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
pipe|rocket|UsedFor|harm
pepper|coconut|HasProperty|green
wheel|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
cupboard|tray|AtLocation|on a countertop
pen|brush|MadeOf|writing
harmonica|trombone|HasA|strings
roof|floor|CapableOf|let in air
fridge|stove|IsA|electrical appliance
grapefruit|plum|HasProperty|red
tap|faucet|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
stove|microwave|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
jacket|blouse|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
dog|tiger|HasProperty|fluffy
boat|wheel|UsedFor|snow
rope|rock|IsA|digital device
pot|kettle|CapableOf|be held to drink
flute|harmonica|HasA|strings
bayonet|willow|IsA|tree
fridge|ladle|UsedFor|washing dishes
elephant|donkey|UsedFor|riding
chapel|house|UsedFor|relaxing
pencil|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
cranberry|raspberry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
squid|zebra|HasA|fins
ant|moth|HasProperty|an insect
mirror|clock|UsedFor|lighting
gate|inn|HasA|start with a b
accordion|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
floor|walls|UsedFor|decoration
porcupine|elk|CapableOf|be held 
butter|soup|IsA|liquid
plate|screws|AtLocation|at home
horse|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
cow|squirrel|CapableOf|jump
toe|hand|IsA|plural
barrel|pipe|CapableOf|hold water
freezer|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bison|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
deer|frog|AtLocation|jungle
beetle|turtle|HasA|walking
crayon|razor|CapableOf|to paint
dog|rabbit|IsA|something a farmer would own
floor|hand|PartOf|house
toe|neck|CapableOf|carrying objects
cod|tuna|IsA|fish
finger|forearm|IsA|joint
fawn|squirrel|HasA|hair/fur
tuba|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
iguana|squirrel|HasA|a shell
faucet|clamp|HasA|a type of metal
eggplant|beans|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
frog|deer|AtLocation|pet store
typewriter|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
potatoes|chocolate|UsedFor|recipes 
fridge|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tape|tap|IsA|related to music 
comb|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
deer|elephant|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
floor|window|HasProperty|vertical
barrel|cannon|UsedFor|bullets
peach|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
cod|eel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
pony|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
mouth|lips|IsA|part of the body
bathroom|deck|PartOf|room
perch|lobster|IsA|water animal
father|worker|HasProperty|a picture of a female
cannon|grenade|UsedFor|work
house|inn|HasProperty|for the rich
broccoli|avocado|UsedFor|cleaning
harmonica|trumpet|IsA|wind instrument
pistol|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
sofa|carpet|CapableOf|be used to sleep
cabin|tent|HasProperty|made of concrete
chicken|tuna|IsA|mollusk
stick|brush|MadeOf|writing
caterpillar|flea|HasA|wings
floor|walls|AtLocation|outside of a home
aunt|cousin|HasProperty|male
doctor|actress|IsA|male
rabbit|mink|MadeOf|green
typewriter|paintbrush|UsedFor|driving screws
coconut|avocado|IsA|vegetable
thigh|toe|HasProperty|below the waist 
crayon|pencil|CapableOf|print
cockroach|squirrel|HasA|walking
eagle|stork|HasA|large wingspan
plum|raspberry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
carpet|sofa|CapableOf|be used to sleep
plug|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
rabbit|pony|IsA|carnivore
porcupine|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
brush|typewriter|UsedFor|cutting
bathroom|window|IsA|part of a building
banjo|clarinet|HasA|keyboard
necklace|skirt|MadeOf|threads
harp|trombone|UsedFor|sound
wrist|elbow|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
arm|neck|HasProperty|plural
toaster|stove|UsedFor|making food
squirrel|elephant|HasA|eating
hare|mink|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
walls|room|PartOf|building
hare|otter|AtLocation|on  a tree
olive|garlic|HasA|seeds
elk|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
squirrel|skunk|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
cousin|daughter|HasA|blood relationship with you
elephant|zebra|UsedFor|eating
mole|otter|AtLocation|on  a tree
church|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
crab|perch|IsA|black and white
spider|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
chandelier|candle|CapableOf|be worn
arm|finger|PartOf|house
eye|bone|HasA|bones
dishwasher|blender|IsA|appliance
closet|door|UsedFor|making food
wheel|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bag|shirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
squirrel|mole|AtLocation|carnivorous
elbow|ankle|CapableOf|carrying objects
crab|perch|IsA|mollusk
stereo|radio|IsA|related to music 
window|walls|IsA|part of a building
plum|avocado|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
son|brother|IsA|female
screwdriver|drill|UsedFor|screwing
princess|actress|HasProperty|male
squirrel|cow|IsA|household pet
wrist|elbow|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
typewriter|paintbrush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
grenade|bolts|IsA|firearm
beaver|groundhog|CapableOf|hunt other animals
jacket|coat|UsedFor|transporting things
dress|shoes|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
skunk|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
plug|bolts|UsedFor|entertainment
catfish|cod|IsA|water animal
cupboard|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
cow|deer|HasA|hooves
lemon|lime|CapableOf|spices
carpet|curtains|PartOf|the entrance to a room
salad|soup|HasA|meat
candle|lamp|AtLocation|on neck
comb|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
coyote|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
building|hut|IsA|religious place
wall|door|CapableOf|open/close
elephant|rabbit|AtLocation|jungle
jacket|dress|UsedFor|feet
caribou|ox|HasA|horn
rock|faucet|UsedFor|a vehicle
bedroom|carpet|CapableOf|open/close
bison|donkey|HasA| mane (hair on it)
leg|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
tiger|horse|HasA|4 legs
goat|cat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
razor|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
giraffe|camel|IsA|type of cat
snail|beetle|IsA|plant
deer|elephant|HasA|fur
cucumber|broccoli|IsA|fruit
knife|spatula|CapableOf|be used for hair
elephant|cow|CapableOf|jump
doctor|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
frog|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
truck|bike|AtLocation|in water
coconut|lime|CapableOf|delicious
screws|cannon|CapableOf|transport liquids
hand|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
clarinet|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
window|tower|CapableOf|be used home
elbow|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
liver|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
mixer|plug|UsedFor|dispensing water
fawn|hare|IsA|mammal
squirrel|elk|IsA|mammal
wrist|elbow|PartOf|upper body
steak|potatoes|IsA|diary food
finger|throat|IsA|part of the body
avocado|prune|HasA|stone inside
owl|dove|HasA|large wingspan
rocker|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
building|bungalow|IsA|religious place
forearm|hand|UsedFor|holding an apple
cheese|lemon|MadeOf|juice making
chicken|duck|MadeOf|something edible
arm|shoulder|IsA|plural
hand|fingers|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
fridge|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
mother|daughter|HasProperty|older than you
throat|finger|HasProperty|used for tasting
clamp|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
elk|squirrel|HasA|hair/fur
elephant|frog|IsA|teeth
toe|fingers|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
corn|garlic|UsedFor|cleaning
gown|jeans|PartOf|lower waistline
crayon|screwdriver|MadeOf|only metal
trout|zebra|IsA|mollusk
thigh|foot|AtLocation|below the waist 
radio|rock|UsedFor|keeping things cool
shirt|jacket|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
harpsichord|trumpet|HasA|strings
foot|leg|HasProperty|has five toes
pistol|gun|IsA|vessel
cherry|grapefruit|IsA|more than one fruit
olive|avocado|IsA|vegetable
bed|spear|HasProperty|alive
grenade|tank|CapableOf|be used one-handed
tiger|elephant|HasA|horn
wheel|hose|HasA|number on it
deer|giraffe|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
garlic|prune|HasProperty|yellow
candle|mirror|MadeOf|metal
cigarette|scarf|UsedFor|providing light
buggy|car|AtLocation|in water
donkey|cow|IsA|typical pet
candle|lantern|HasProperty|something to be worn
cat|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
cigarette|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
girl|wife|HasA|blood relation with you
tray|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
catfish|salmon|AtLocation|at sea
yacht|car|AtLocation|in there
tuba|trombone|HasA|reed to make it work
raccoon|hare|AtLocation|underground
groundhog|skunk|HasA|horn
dress|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
groundhog|skunk|CapableOf|be held 
finger|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
squirrel|rattlesnake|IsA|amphibian
forearm|elbow|PartOf|the upper body
cello|trombone|UsedFor|sound
bottle|pot|HasA|handle
cod|trout|AtLocation|at sea
nurse|wife|UsedFor|transportation
worker|man|IsA|job or profession
typewriter|stick|UsedFor|grooming
trombone|flute|HasA|keys
worker|actress|IsA|noun
boots|jacket|IsA|typically female clothing item
wood|plastic|CapableOf|burn
accordion|saxophone|HasA|strings
raccoon|skunk|MadeOf|green
donkey|frog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
coconut|lemon|UsedFor|testy
pigeon|kite|HasProperty|a predator
nail|skin|AtLocation|below your waist
screwdriver|pen|HasA|bushy tail
coconut|banana|HasA|single hard pit
mink|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
falcon|pelican|HasProperty|domesticated
snail|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
drill|spatula|CapableOf|print
squid|shrimp|AtLocation|on a farm
eye|bone|AtLocation|inside
fan|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
blender|spoon|CapableOf|make things cold
hut|inn|IsA|place of worship
microwave|toaster|UsedFor|cooking food
bike|scooter|UsedFor|land suitable one
ant|flea|IsA|colorful 
floor|window|PartOf|house
kidney|hair|IsA|limb
rope|hose|MadeOf|paper
tank|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
horse|camel|HasA|horn
salad|supper|HasProperty|mainly meat
wheel|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
rattlesnake|snail|IsA|amphibian
cucumber|corn|IsA|vegetable
harp|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
elk|bison|UsedFor|travel
plug|rope|MadeOf|paper
screwdriver|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
avocado|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable 
skis|raft|HasA|an engine
bolts|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
knee|foot|PartOf|upper body
man|wife|IsA|family member
crayon|stick|CapableOf|to paint
avocado|tomato|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
tiger|hyena|IsA|type of big cat
toaster|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
boat|bike|UsedFor|snow
magazine|tape|MadeOf|metal/steel
perch|trout|HasA|fins
scissors|paintbrush|HasA|keyboard
mixer|rocker|CapableOf|make sound
spatula|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
leg|foot|HasA|nail
boots|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
gown|dress|IsA|worn on the lower body
chisel|spatula|PartOf|drawing
mink|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
screwdriver|paintbrush|UsedFor|cutting
piano|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
crayon|brush|PartOf|what is the name of 
grapefruit|banana|HasA|yellow color
girlfriend|daughter|HasProperty|royalty
bedroom|oak|UsedFor|human living
prune|cherry|HasProperty|purple
plug|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
wasp|spider|IsA|crustecean
duck|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
hose|bolts|UsedFor|a vehicle
brother|cousin|AtLocation|in a royal family
strawberry|peach|IsA|red  or orang
cranberry|cherry|IsA|fruit
lantern|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
squirrel|raccoon|IsA|mink
mixer|plug|CapableOf|provide water
sack|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
avocado|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
pineapple|pear|IsA|fruit
fan|magazine|MadeOf|metal/steel
wife|girl|HasA|blood relation with you
zebra|lobster|HasA|legs
trombone|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
apartment|gate|HasProperty|a black and white picture
building|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
blouse|coat|IsA|an accessory
barrel|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
falcon|seagull|HasA|large wingspan
beaver|mole|AtLocation|on tree
cousin|son|HasProperty|an older relative
groundhog|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
daughter|mother|IsA|male
goat|rabbit|IsA|carnivore
accordion|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
nail|body|AtLocation|inside
window|tower|AtLocation|above your head
plum|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
pipe|rope|IsA|firearm
girl|mother|IsA|head
tank|rifle|UsedFor|work
bolts|rock|IsA|digital device
sink|colander|CapableOf|scoop things
floor|walls|AtLocation|above your head in general
wheel|skateboard|CapableOf|roll
falcon|pigeon|PartOf|wild life
pen|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
zebra|elephant|IsA|predator 
cranberry|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
wall|curtains|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
beans|corn|IsA|purple vegetable
gun|shotgun|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
coconut|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
coyote|mole|IsA|herbivore
sink|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pelican|eagle|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
neck|hand|IsA|part of a building
deck|bar|PartOf|body
banana|garlic|HasA|stone 
hand|fingers|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
snail|beetle|HasProperty|an insect
tape|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
apartment|gate|IsA|permanent structure
lime|coconut|PartOf|eating
cougar|ox|IsA|violent creature
tank|rocket|CapableOf|use electricity
bagpipe|accordion|IsA|brass instrument
rope|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
rabbit|mouse|HasA|eating
cannon|rifle|MadeOf|wood (partially)
rope|plug|UsedFor|water
bacon|salad|IsA|diary food
flute|trumpet|CapableOf|be blown into
raft|truck|AtLocation|in there
razor|drill|CapableOf|writing
ladle|spoon|CapableOf|make things cold
hawk|pelican|CapableOf|fly
cupboard|tray|CapableOf|hold water
pineapple|plum|IsA|physical fruit or veg
harp|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
tray|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pencil|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
rabbit|groundhog|HasA|hooves
blood|nail|IsA|limb
body|skin|IsA|limb
rifle|gun|IsA|hand-held weapon
screwdriver|drill|CapableOf|print
pliers|spatula|MadeOf|writing
squirrel|hare|IsA|mink
nurse|actress|HasA|an adult on it
mother|actress|HasA|the color brown in it
sink|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
actress|wife|HasProperty|a picture of a female
canoe|raft|CapableOf|roll
piano|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
bike|scooter|HasA|engine
sugar|meat|AtLocation|in the ground
spade|spear|UsedFor|sleeping
bolts|faucet|MadeOf|metal
neck|leg|CapableOf|carrying objects
paintbrush|brush|UsedFor|cutting
zebra|perch|IsA|fish
wine|milk|UsedFor|drinking
neck|toe|HasA|bones
gorilla|leopard|IsA|predator 
pear|banana|IsA|red  or orang
rattlesnake|cat|IsA|plant
nurse|girl|IsA|female
inn|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
hand|arm|PartOf|house
screwdriver|drill|HasA|sharp edge
frog|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
eel|perch|IsA|water animal
paintbrush|pencil|UsedFor|writing
cow|squirrel|IsA|common pet
stove|sink|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
buggy|boat|UsedFor|eating
razor|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
rocker|rock|CapableOf|provide water
foot|toe|HasProperty|upper body
drill|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
sandwich|bacon|IsA|liquid
hand|fingers|HasProperty|related with hand
pants|shoes|AtLocation|on lower body
foot|skin|AtLocation|below the knee
pliers|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
celery|broccoli|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
blood|skin|AtLocation|on your head
hare|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
rocker|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
saxophone|trumpet|CapableOf|be played with mouth
wife|daughter|PartOf|your family
coyote|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
daughter|princess|AtLocation|in a castle
hut|cabin|IsA|relatively small
arm|leg|AtLocation|on head
lantern|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
sister|mother|AtLocation|in a castle
father|prince|IsA|man
tank|rocket|IsA|firearm
tap|fan|CapableOf|be turned on
woman|nurse|HasA|a blood relation with you
actress|girl|HasProperty|steel
squirrel|snail|CapableOf|be found in the water
tank|tractor|UsedFor|eating
toe|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
rocket|drill|CapableOf|transport liquids
frog|caterpillar|IsA|plant
sandwich|salad|HasA|vegetable(s)
groundhog|raccoon|IsA|rodent
man|boy|IsA|professional
screwdriver|razor|HasProperty|cutting
tap|rocker|MadeOf|paper
plug|magazine|CapableOf|be turned on
goat|dog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
kidney|ankle|AtLocation|on head
porcupine|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
coconut|prune|IsA|fruit
chicken|cod|HasA|red shell when cooked
horse|pony|HasProperty|used in races
plug|fan|IsA|related to music 
garlic|lemon|PartOf|eating
body|muscle|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
snail|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
dog|frog|IsA|something a farmer would own
pants|jeans|HasA|sleeves
cupboard|bed|CapableOf|open/close
iguana|crocodile|HasA|trunk
lobster|crab|HasA|big claws
cat|worm|CapableOf|flying
pear|banana|HasProperty|red
beetle|spider|HasProperty|an insect
lantern|necklace|MadeOf|metal
coyote|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
brother|uncle|IsA|male
avocado|broccoli|HasProperty|a green food
floor|walls|IsA|body part
dog|goat|HasA|fur
stork|eagle|HasA|large wingspan
deer|sheep|UsedFor|riding
skunk|raccoon|CapableOf|attack human
snail|alligator|HasA|four feet
girlfriend|girl|HasProperty|female
meat|sugar|AtLocation|in the ground
skis|raft|UsedFor|eating
pelican|kite|IsA|alive 
jeep|truck|HasProperty|consuming fuel
pistol|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
cherry|banana|PartOf|a red the color of
sheep|cow|IsA|teeth
woman|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
trousers|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|transporting things
radio|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
plug|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
tap|hose|AtLocation|kitchen
man|princess|IsA|family member
shoulder|forearm|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
elbow|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
floor|roof|PartOf|body
barrel|screws|MadeOf|metal
pencil|pen|AtLocation|construction site
tower|walls|PartOf|body
pencil|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
hut|building|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
scooter|bike|HasA|wheels
squirrel|beetle|IsA|colorful 
perch|tuna|HasA|legs
violin|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
daughter|wife|HasProperty|female
toe|nail|PartOf|the images displayed
chicken|tomato|IsA|food
woman|girl|HasProperty|exclusively female
tap|mixer|HasA|a type of metal
tower|window|AtLocation|above your head in general
peach|orange|HasProperty|yellow
forearm|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
body|hair|AtLocation|inside
canoe|raft|HasA|motor
frog|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
plum|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
dress|trousers|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
body|toe|AtLocation|on your head
screws|drill|HasA|number on it
onions|garlic|UsedFor|meat replacement
chicken|duck|IsA|meat or animal
plate|gun|CapableOf|be used in home
eye|nail|IsA|limb
girl|girlfriend|HasProperty|female
son|brother|IsA|title
potatoes|chocolate|IsA|diary food
grapefruit|banana|HasA|big seed
strainer|plate|AtLocation|on car
bacon|butter|IsA|liquid
microwave|toaster|IsA|electrical appliance
girlfriend|boy|IsA|family member
cat|tiger|HasProperty|fluffy
rattlesnake|caterpillar|IsA|plant
leg|toe|IsA|organ
cherry|grapefruit|HasA|big seed
rattlesnake|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
razor|screwdriver|CapableOf|be used for drawing
horse|crocodile|HasA|tail
elk|camel|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
woman|man|IsA|family member
plum|raspberry|HasA|edible skin
squirrel|mink|IsA|predator
porcupine|fawn|IsA|predator
elephant|tiger|HasA|long neck
cockroach|frog|HasA|walking
deer|cat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
blender|kettle|IsA|larger than a child
horse|bison|HasA|hooves
harmonica|harp|MadeOf|strings
camel|cow|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
raspberry|pear|HasProperty|sweet
squirrel|mink|AtLocation|underground
candle|lamp|CapableOf|give off light/glow
chisel|razor|CapableOf|print
potatoes|meat|AtLocation|in the ground
butterfly|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
wheel|mixer|AtLocation|kitchen
sink|tray|UsedFor|storage
beetle|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
orange|raspberry|IsA|red  or orang
sink|fridge|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
wheel|rope|IsA|firearm
tray|toilet|UsedFor|making food
lemon|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
cow|tiger|AtLocation|jungle
screwdriver|stick|HasA|sharp edge
candle|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
razor|pen|IsA|construction tool
squirrel|beetle|AtLocation|nature
zebra|giraffe|HasA|hooves
eye|elbow|IsA|limb
dress|socks|IsA|piece of clothing
cat|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
jeep|car|UsedFor|farming
barn|gate|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
kettle|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
bed|gate|IsA|permanent structure
skunk|mole|IsA|mink
pipe|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
coconut|lemon|CapableOf|delicious
mirror|chandelier|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
bison|giraffe|IsA|type of cat
ankle|neck|CapableOf|carrying objects
tiger|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
butter|meat|UsedFor|dessert
pigeon|duck|CapableOf|fly
mixer|rock|CapableOf|make sound
foot|leg|PartOf|upper body
building|cottage|IsA|religious place
scarf|lamp|CapableOf|move
squirrel|cat|HasProperty|an insect
bed|bedroom|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
bone|blood|AtLocation|in the torso
pot|bottle|HasA|handle
woman|girl|HasProperty|a picture of a female
stork|starling|HasA|large wing span
porcupine|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
caribou|bison|CapableOf|carry a adult human
arm|hand|PartOf|house
banjo|violin|CapableOf|easily carried around
coconut|lime|HasA|eatable shell or peel
rock|magazine|UsedFor|keeping things cool
screws|drill|UsedFor|daily usage 
rope|screws|CapableOf|hold water
girl|aunt|HasProperty|male
elbow|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
plug|rock|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
ankle|liver|AtLocation|on your head
pliers|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
butterfly|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
aunt|nurse|HasProperty|two syllables
blender|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
catfish|cod|HasA|red shell when cooked
fingers|finger|PartOf|upper body
aunt|man|IsA|profession
horse|pony|HasA|horn on head
clarinet|flute|HasA|strings
finger|mouth|HasProperty|used affected during make up
bagpipe|banjo|HasA|keys
stereo|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
shoulder|elbow|IsA|plural
sheep|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
leg|ankle|AtLocation|inside
pipe|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
girl|actress|IsA|female
rifle|cannon|HasA|caterpillar treads
fridge|rock|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
blender|dishwasher|UsedFor|cooking food
mouse|cow|PartOf|jumping
beans|corn|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
ant|beetle|AtLocation|nature
bison|dog|HasProperty|fluffy
tray|cupboard|CapableOf|hold water
pliers|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
magazine|rope|UsedFor|listening to music
pants|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
wheel|hose|CapableOf|make sound
dress|jacket|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
seagull|starling|CapableOf|be a household pet
socks|skirt|IsA|piece of clothing
rabbit|squirrel|MadeOf|green
plug|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
lobster|eel|IsA|fish
cranberry|pear|HasA|edible skin
tap|plug|UsedFor|can your card used home
rock|clamp|CapableOf|be turned on
grapefruit|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
sailboat|yacht|AtLocation|in there
deer|gorilla|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
kettle|microwave|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
butterfly|beetle|HasA|wings
bedroom|carpet|PartOf|the entrance to a room
tank|screws|MadeOf|wood
elk|caribou|IsA|has horns
wrist|elbow|AtLocation|in your upper body
arm|finger|HasProperty|related with hand
walls|finger|PartOf|house
raspberry|pear|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
kettle|oven|UsedFor|heating items up
plug|faucet|AtLocation|kitchen
mole|mink|HasA|big ears
grenade|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
horse|cow|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
blender|stove|UsedFor|cooking food
ankle|knees|AtLocation|below the waist 
cat|frog|PartOf|jumping
stereo|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
aunt|wife|UsedFor|transportation
buggy|truck|UsedFor|land suitable one
room|window|IsA|part of a building
beaver|porcupine|CapableOf|hunt other animals
plate|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
hyena|cheetah|IsA|has horns
liquor|soup|IsA|diary food
screwdriver|pliers|IsA|construction tool
walls|roof|IsA|part of a building
jacket|wheelbarrow|IsA|worn on the lower body
beaver|hare|IsA|herbivore
bone|eye|IsA|organ
spatula|pliers|UsedFor|hair
scooter|skis|UsedFor|single person transport
inn|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
necklace|candle|CapableOf|move
lamp|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
typewriter|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cherry|pear|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
pear|prune|HasProperty|yellow
crayon|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
truck|boat|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
blouse|gown|IsA|an accessory
rocker|microwave|MadeOf|steel
necklace|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
frog|turtle|PartOf|water
meat|chocolate|UsedFor|recipes 
typewriter|pen|UsedFor|writing
mink|hare|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
parakeet|stork|HasProperty|a predator
room|floor|HasA|diagram on it
trousers|pants|HasProperty|usually blue
deer|pony|UsedFor|a source of milk
raccoon|rabbit|PartOf|herd
cousin|man|HasProperty|female
kettle|bucket|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
tape|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
squirrel|cow|PartOf|jumping
girlfriend|woman|HasProperty|male
barrel|strainer|AtLocation|at home
pigeon|duck|HasProperty|domesticated
bolts|hose|AtLocation|kitchen
freezer|kettle|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
perch|cod|IsA|fish
closet|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
knees|fingers|IsA|plural
spider|butterfly|HasProperty|an insect
bedroom|carpet|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
giraffe|camel|AtLocation|in africa
hare|mink|HasA|long tail
buggy|tractor|UsedFor|war
rocket|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
body|nail|CapableOf|help you walk
lime|orange|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
horse|elephant|CapableOf|fly
hand|elbow|PartOf|upper body
garlic|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
bean|sandwich|HasProperty|meaty
bolts|rock|CapableOf|provide water
pear|coconut|HasA|stone 
zebra|gorilla|IsA|type of cat
thermometer|clock|IsA|home appliance
door|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
onions|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable
pine|broom|IsA|weapon 
avocado|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
fawn|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
carpet|bedroom|UsedFor|sleep
bison|deer|IsA|something a farmer would own
deer|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
squirrel|beaver|AtLocation|carnivorous
ox|cougar|AtLocation|in asia or africa
cello|trombone|HasA|keys
muscle|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
lamp|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
duck|lamb|CapableOf|eating
neck|elbow|PartOf|lower body
clamp|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
moth|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
avocado|pear|HasA|seed/seeds/pit
tape|mixer|MadeOf|metal
room|bathroom|HasProperty|vertical
pipe|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
house|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
cousin|princess|UsedFor|transportation
soup|sauce|UsedFor|drinking
plate|wheel|UsedFor|storing wine
toaster|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
hose|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
tank|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
pliers|typewriter|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
toe|thigh|UsedFor|walking
plug|wheel|HasA|a type of metal
paintbrush|crayon|UsedFor|driving screws
tap|hose|IsA|digital device
screwdriver|pliers|UsedFor|writing
magazine|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
cannon|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
paintbrush|typewriter|UsedFor|cutting
thermometer|candle|IsA|item of clothing
ceiling|walls|HasA|glass
nurse|wife|HasProperty|royalty
pants|socks|HasProperty|worn below the waist
truck|boat|UsedFor|farming
deer|caribou|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
harmonica|piano|HasA|strings
otter|mink|HasA|long ears
buggy|canoe|AtLocation|in there
zebra|crocodile|IsA|an animal
butter|salad|UsedFor|dessert
skirt|jacket|IsA|logo
fridge|fan|CapableOf|working
wheel|tape|HasProperty|round shaped
princess|worker|AtLocation|in a hospital
truck|yacht|HasA|wheels
hose|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
foot|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
grenade|tank|MadeOf|wood (partially)
rock|wheel|CapableOf|be turned on
tape|clamp|MadeOf|metal
gorilla|caribou|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
camel|giraffe|IsA|like a cat
walls|room|IsA|part of a building
yacht|skateboard|CapableOf|hold more than one person
microwave|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
mackerel|trout|HasA|shell
gate|house|IsA|religious place
crayon|typewriter|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
shirt|jacket|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
neck|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
rock|radio|IsA|digital device
coat|shirt|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
spoon|blender|CapableOf|hold water
crayon|drill|CapableOf|to paint
cherry|avocado|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
tin|wood|IsA|fragile
wall|curtains|UsedFor|sleep
rabbit|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
skateboard|tractor|UsedFor|eating
dog|donkey|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
raspberry|plum|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
arm|ankle|IsA|part of the skeleton
clarinet|saxophone|HasA|keyboard
finger|forearm|HasProperty|upper body
rattlesnake|iguana|IsA|reptile
raccoon|rabbit|IsA|predator
rope|rock|MadeOf|metal/steel
fawn|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
cabin|tent|HasProperty|part of a plane
woman|girlfriend|CapableOf|become pregnant 
chicken|salmon|IsA|mollusk
spade|spear|IsA|man made thing
helicopter|jet|UsedFor|transportation
chisel|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
sofa|bed|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
tape|hose|IsA|electric 
orange|lemon|HasA|hard shell
walls|bathroom|PartOf|house
drill|screws|UsedFor|daily usage 
elephant|cow|IsA|teeth
girlfriend|cousin|IsA|female
cockroach|wasp|IsA|plant
clamp|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
hose|bolts|IsA|firearm
raft|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
kite|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
woman|actress|CapableOf|bear a child
fridge|cupboard|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
wife|mother|IsA|female
fan|stereo|CapableOf|be turned on
supper|meal|HasProperty|mainly meat
cow|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
shoulder|arm|AtLocation|below waist
accordion|tuba|MadeOf|strings
rocker|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
grenade|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
elk|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
raspberry|coconut|HasA|stone 
gun|rifle|CapableOf|be held in a hand
milk|butter|UsedFor|drinking
brush|spatula|CapableOf|print
trombone|trumpet|IsA|instrument
boat|skateboard|UsedFor|snow
eagle|hawk|HasA|large wing span
dress|pants|HasA|sleeves
butter|milk|IsA|diary food
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|be turned on
paintbrush|pen|CapableOf|writing
son|brother|IsA|man
horse|pony|UsedFor|a source of milk
fridge|blender|IsA|appliance
neck|arm|PartOf|lower body
seagull|eagle|HasProperty|a predator
forearm|wrist|MadeOf|a whole body part
princess|father|IsA|female
foot|thigh|HasProperty|lower body
girl|boy|IsA|family member
inn|building|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
pear|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
father|doctor|IsA|car
yacht|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
room|tower|CapableOf|let in air
cupboard|freezer|UsedFor|heating items up
shoulder|forearm|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
elephant|iguana|HasA|trunk
trumpet|banjo|IsA|instrument
worm|flea|HasA|wings
raft|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
fawn|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
ceiling|floor|PartOf|building
typewriter|pencil|PartOf|what is your name this
strawberry|pineapple|IsA|fruit
fingers|finger|UsedFor|holding an apple
inn|church|UsedFor|relaxing
chocolate|meat|UsedFor|recipes 
ceiling|room|UsedFor|tiling
crocodile|cougar|IsA|has horns
tiger|frog|UsedFor|human transport
closet|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
hare|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
elk|fawn|HasA|hooves
wheel|canoe|AtLocation|in there
clamp|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
magazine|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
ankle|knee|PartOf|lower body
wife|sister|IsA|profession
wife|worker|HasProperty|a picture of a female
barrel|rocket|CapableOf|be held in a hand
cabin|apartment|IsA|place to live permanently
kidney|hair|HasA|bones
spatula|chisel|UsedFor|writing
cottage|hut|IsA|permanent structure
knife|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
comb|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
mink|rabbit|IsA|sad
kettle|sink|CapableOf|hold water
orange|cheese|PartOf|eating
flea|ant|HasA|walking
turtle|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
crayon|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
hose|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
garlic|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
coconut|lime|CapableOf|bitter
banjo|flute|UsedFor|sound
camel|elephant|IsA|an animal
necklace|lantern|UsedFor|providing light
pants|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
rocket|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
buffalo|zebra|IsA|type of cat
cottage|gate|UsedFor|a place of worship
bungalow|bedroom|IsA|red home
stick|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
harpsichord|accordion|UsedFor|sound
clamp|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
car|yacht|HasA|an engine
rabbit|squirrel|CapableOf|kill a human
comb|drill|CapableOf|to paint
cousin|mother|HasA|green item of clothing
eye|neck|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
stereo|rock|HasA|a type of metal
gun|rocket|IsA|vessel
bacon|liquor|IsA|diary food
princess|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
lamp|thermometer|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
elk|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
arm|neck|PartOf|the upper body
ant|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
girl|daughter|IsA|car
scooter|tank|AtLocation|in water
wrist|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
pen|paintbrush|MadeOf|only metal
knife|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
aunt|girlfriend|IsA|female
leg|arm|AtLocation|on furniture
aunt|girl|HasProperty|a picture of a female
knee|knees|AtLocation|on lower body
drill|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
banana|prune|HasProperty|red
razor|crayon|MadeOf|writing
trumpet|flute|CapableOf|be played with mouth
buggy|tank|HasA|an engine
bungalow|building|IsA|component of a home
toilet|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
strawberry|garlic|HasA|stone 
wife|mother|UsedFor|transportation
walls|room|UsedFor|decoration
clamp|magazine|IsA|digital device
plate|hose|CapableOf|used in war
tape|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
wrist|elbow|AtLocation|upper body
cannon|pistol|MadeOf|wood (partially)
typewriter|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
elk|groundhog|HasA|hair/fur
scissors|pliers|CapableOf|print
princess|worker|UsedFor|transportation
worker|mother|HasA|friends on it
comb|razor|UsedFor|grooming
plug|clamp|IsA|digital device
mother|wife|UsedFor|a married person
violin|harp|UsedFor|sound
coconut|cranberry|IsA|physical fruit or veg
thigh|elbow|PartOf|an appendage
cabin|bedroom|IsA|religious place
father|girl|IsA|car
hose|clamp|HasA|number on it
hose|drill|UsedFor|daily usage 
potatoes|bean|IsA|liquid
accordion|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
onions|potato|MadeOf|something edible
guitar|banjo|IsA|instrument
mackerel|chicken|IsA|mollusk
prune|raspberry|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
comb|stick|CapableOf|print
pigeon|duck|HasA|wings
kite|eagle|HasA|start with a p
necklace|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
sheep|horse|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
beer|bean|IsA|diary food
cow|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
pants|coat|IsA|item of clothing
yacht|scooter|AtLocation|in there
milk|sugar|MadeOf|cup
bacon|steak|IsA|meat
mole|rabbit|PartOf|herd
chisel|pliers|CapableOf|print
buffalo|hyena|IsA|has horns
wheel|screws|UsedFor|restraining things
deer|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
scooter|car|HasA|wheels
shoulder|ankle|IsA|plural
scooter|skateboard|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
bungalow|tent|IsA|religious place
bolts|hose|IsA|electric 
car|skateboard|UsedFor|snow
bike|boat|UsedFor|eating
spatula|brush|CapableOf|to paint
pigeon|duck|HasA|long beak
eel|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
rocker|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
closet|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
tank|car|MadeOf|metal
bolts|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
ankle|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
scissors|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
forearm|arm|AtLocation|in your upper body
plum|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
sailboat|canoe|HasA|engine
bar|floor|HasProperty|indoor
raccoon|otter|CapableOf|climb on tree
ceiling|room|CapableOf|be used home
squirrel|snail|IsA|insect
door|bed|CapableOf|contain items
finger|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
wife|princess|IsA|female
crocodile|iguana|HasA|four feet
leg|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
gun|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
strawberry|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
buggy|tank|UsedFor|land suitable one
mouse|squirrel|HasA|eating
vulture|seagull|HasA|large wingspan
horse|camel|HasA|fur
buffalo|crocodile|IsA|like a cat
leg|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
cousin|actress|HasProperty|older than you
prince|cousin|IsA|family
buggy|tractor|CapableOf|hold more than one person
curtains|door|CapableOf|contain items
bridge|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
fingers|neck|PartOf|lower body
lantern|candle|UsedFor|wearing
hand|neck|PartOf|room
bedroom|curtains|PartOf|the entrance to a room
mink|squirrel|IsA|rodent
rifle|shotgun|UsedFor|bullets
church|cathedral|IsA|religion buildings
squirrel|frog|IsA|colorful 
doctor|nurse|IsA|male
wheel|rope|CapableOf|store or transport water
guitar|harp|HasA|keys
donkey|deer|IsA|carnivore 
garlic|corn|IsA|green vegetable 
wrist|shoulder|IsA|specific joint
mink|raccoon|HasA|horn
drill|rope|CapableOf|transport liquids
coyote|raccoon|HasA|hair/fur
scarf|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
arm|hair|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
wasp|spider|HasA|walking
pants|boots|HasA|sleeves
moth|cat|IsA|plant
floor|room|PartOf|body
stick|brush|CapableOf|print
dishwasher|toaster|CapableOf|be plugged in
hyena|cheetah|IsA|type of cat
typewriter|pen|IsA|construction tool
lantern|cigarette|AtLocation|on neck
grenade|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
beetle|caterpillar|IsA|slow mover
leg|toe|AtLocation|on your head
son|father|IsA|male
fan|clamp|AtLocation|kitchen
wine|whisky|UsedFor|drinking
bacon|potatoes|IsA|liquid
drill|bolts|IsA|firearm
mouth|tongue|UsedFor|eating
beaver|porcupine|HasProperty|originated from north america
tray|freezer|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
rope|rocket|CapableOf|transport liquids
groundhog|raccoon|AtLocation|on tree
plug|bolts|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
screwdriver|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
dress|shirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
strawberry|cherry|IsA|red  or orang
groundhog|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
mink|groundhog|PartOf|herd
door|carpet|UsedFor|storage
drill|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
wheelbarrow|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
radio|plug|AtLocation|at an electronics store
pineapple|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
finger|neck|PartOf|makeup regimen
roof|tower|AtLocation|on the outside of building
razor|crayon|PartOf|drawing
flea|snail|CapableOf|flying
sink|spoon|HasProperty|electrically powered
daughter|wife|CapableOf|become pregnant 
room|ceiling|HasA|diagram on it
porcupine|hare|CapableOf|live in water
mixer|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
camel|tiger|IsA|has horns
toe|nail|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
tiger|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
fingers|arm|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
nurse|wife|HasProperty|male
tuba|flute|MadeOf|strings
spade|bed|IsA|man made thing
trombone|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
harp|piano|UsedFor|sound
saxophone|trumpet|HasA|valves
wheelbarrow|trousers|HasA|wheel
milk|soup|HasProperty|a liquid
elephant|mouse|IsA|household pet
bison|camel|HasA|spots or stripes
groundhog|mole|IsA|mammal
bacon|steak|HasProperty|mainly meat
boy|nurse|HasA|head
coyote|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
gown|coat|UsedFor|covering legs
tank|barrel|UsedFor|bullets
goat|tiger|HasA| mane (hair on it)
lantern|tray|CapableOf|be worn
bike|car|AtLocation|in there
floor|bar|HasA|diagram on it
hair|skin|AtLocation|below your waist
leg|fingers|IsA|body part
cupboard|curtains|CapableOf|be used to sleep
shotgun|rocket|UsedFor|firing artillery
pen|drill|MadeOf|writing
prune|grapefruit|HasA|big seed
pen|spatula|IsA|construction tool
lime|orange|IsA|vegetable
barrel|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
bike|skateboard|HasA|an engine
prune|pear|IsA|more than one fruit
zebra|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
ship|boat|CapableOf|be found on water
goat|frog|UsedFor|riding
cousin|king|IsA|male
raspberry|banana|HasA|stone inside
closet|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
caterpillar|flea|MadeOf|small animals
walls|room|PartOf|another card 
porcupine|elk|CapableOf|go underground
onions|potato|HasProperty|furry
rattlesnake|hare|AtLocation|carnivorous
mink|squirrel|HasA|hair/fur
rabbit|camel|HasA|hooves
tomato|orange|IsA|vegetable
mink|rabbit|HasA|horn
tape|clamp|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
trumpet|flute|MadeOf|strings
garlic|onions|HasProperty|needs peeling
brush|crayon|MadeOf|only metal
shoulder|elbow|PartOf|upper body
plum|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
butter|bacon|IsA|liquid
fan|stereo|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
elk|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
church|bridge|IsA|public building (typically)
wheel|drill|UsedFor|harm
wife|mother|HasA|green item of clothing
elephant|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
strawberry|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
plug|tap|UsedFor|entertainment
prune|cherry|HasA|stone inside
razor|pencil|PartOf|drawing
pencil|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
celery|garlic|UsedFor|meat replacement
wheel|mixer|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
cherry|olive|CapableOf|bitter
bathroom|room|UsedFor|tiling
gate|cottage|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
boy|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
cherry|prune|HasA|single hard pit
crayon|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
spider|mouse|PartOf|jumping
wife|mother|IsA|family member
girl|woman|PartOf|hospital staff
porcupine|groundhog|IsA|mammal
caribou|cougar|IsA|predator 
thigh|knee|PartOf|upper body
pliers|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
scissors|crayon|UsedFor|driving screws
wasp|beetle|HasProperty|an insect
pear|grapefruit|HasA|yellow color
paintbrush|drill|CapableOf|print
trombone|harmonica|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
hare|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
freezer|bed|UsedFor|making food
mole|squirrel|HasA|long ears
girl|man|IsA|person
bean|steak|HasA|meat
skirt|umbrella|UsedFor|protection
worm|moth|IsA|colorful 
dress|skirt|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
salad|bean|IsA|meat
bed|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
avocado|grapefruit|IsA|word beginning with p
cigarette|candle|MadeOf|glass
clock|thermometer|CapableOf|generate light
bolts|fan|CapableOf|make sound
skunk|groundhog|HasA|hooves
knees|thigh|AtLocation|below waist
skunk|hare|HasProperty|living in water
tank|tray|MadeOf|metal
muscle|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
knee|wrist|IsA|joint
cat|tiger|HasA|fur
radio|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
lantern|clock|IsA|home appliance
catfish|eel|IsA|one syllable word
hose|rope|CapableOf|work without electricity
girl|cousin|IsA|male
pony|frog|AtLocation|pet store
plum|prune|HasA|peel
elephant|zebra|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
grapefruit|pear|HasA|stone inside
drill|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
umbrella|jacket|HasProperty|something that is worn
finger|window|PartOf|house
hair|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
rifle|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
flea|snail|AtLocation|nature
mirror|lamp|AtLocation|on neck
door|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
bolts|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
banjo|clarinet|IsA|wind instrument
typewriter|stick|UsedFor|cooking
woman|princess|HasProperty|a picture of a female
cello|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
doctor|girl|IsA|car
jacket|boots|IsA|typically female clothing item
leg|foot|IsA|plural
hut|building|IsA|component of a home
magazine|rock|MadeOf|metal/steel
wheel|rope|UsedFor|harm
wheelbarrow|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
beer|milk|HasProperty|a liquid
cat|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
shrimp|squid|HasA|fins
princess|cousin|HasA|a blood relation with you
jeep|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
catfish|squid|IsA|water animal
cougar|leopard|IsA|herbivore
ankle|skin|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
saxophone|harmonica|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
clock|skirt|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
elbow|knee|IsA|joint
church|gate|HasA| place for worship
cod|catfish|HasA|red shell when cooked
beetle|moth|MadeOf|small animals
toe|forearm|PartOf|upper body
hawk|duck|HasA|start with a p
frog|dog|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
cow|elephant|HasA|fur
chandelier|candle|UsedFor|a light source
orange|raspberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
mixer|stereo|AtLocation|kitchen
tuba|harmonica|HasA|strings
elephant|alligator|HasA| 4 limbs
jeans|socks|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
blouse|coat|IsA|home appliance
comb|brush|PartOf|drawing
pipe|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
squirrel|skunk|HasProperty|4 letters long
plug|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
finger|thigh|IsA|plural
jeans|trousers|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
floor|room|IsA|part of a building
barrel|plate|CapableOf|used in war
squirrel|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
onions|tomato|IsA|animal
knees|ankle|AtLocation|below waist
pencil|brush|IsA|cuting
alligator|raccoon|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
skunk|mole|HasA|horn
violin|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
closet|sink|UsedFor|making food
wife|girlfriend|IsA|female (strictly)
caterpillar|ant|IsA|bug
dress|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
sink|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
finger|neck|PartOf|building
catfish|cod|IsA|card facing left
elephant|zebra|HasA|horn
wrist|shoulder|UsedFor|breaking down a door
rocker|tap|IsA|digital device
skis|raft|CapableOf|roll
walls|bathroom|PartOf|human body
bridge|hut|IsA|religious place
nail|elbow|IsA|organ
tongue|mouth|CapableOf| taste
actress|wife|HasA|blood relation with you
thermometer|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
rocket|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
jeep|skis|UsedFor|eating
fawn|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
rabbit|deer|UsedFor|human transport
freezer|fridge|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
elbow|forearm|UsedFor|holding a cup
faucet|rope|UsedFor|can your card used home
potato|rabbit|AtLocation|in water
wheel|strainer|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
rope|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
mackerel|salmon|IsA|one syllable word
bedroom|barn|MadeOf|one or more rooms
bison|goat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
groundhog|squirrel|CapableOf|be held 
oak|cottage|IsA|red home
cherry|lemon|IsA|fruit
car|raft|UsedFor|eating
giraffe|crocodile|HasA|antlers/tusks
arm|hand|PartOf|lower body
bean|soup|HasA|vegetable(s)
bolts|rifle|CapableOf|be used in home
candle|cigarette|UsedFor|wearing
coat|trousers|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
cigarette|blouse|IsA|home appliance
bar|window|PartOf|body
blender|fridge|HasProperty|using electricity
father|man|HasProperty|a profession
lime|olive|PartOf|eating
raccoon|beaver|IsA|predator
uncle|cousin|IsA|child
raft|canoe|UsedFor|riding on water
shirt|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
deer|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
ankle|leg|AtLocation|on lower body
rocker|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
trumpet|flute|IsA|instrument
screws|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
girlfriend|woman|UsedFor|transportation
sandwich|salad|UsedFor|dinner
prune|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
daughter|princess|HasProperty|male
pipe|tray|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
sailboat|wheel|HasA|engine
rattlesnake|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
mouse|cat|HasA|eating
belt|rope|HasA|number on it
plate|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
gun|pistol|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
mother|father|IsA|female
garlic|coconut|CapableOf|bitter
raspberry|peach|IsA|fruit
pear|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
deer|elk|CapableOf|live in water
scissors|screwdriver|UsedFor|painting
eagle|falcon|UsedFor|a national symbol
rattlesnake|elk|HasProperty|living in water
skin|eye|CapableOf|help you walk
knife|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
rabbit|otter|IsA|mink
sparrow|duck|HasA|large wing span
girl|aunt|IsA|male
banana|plum|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
cat|rabbit|HasProperty|four-legged
fingers|finger|AtLocation|below waist
knife|screwdriver|CapableOf|be used for drawing
hawk|vulture|CapableOf|attack others
eel|chicken|IsA|black and white
boat|jet|CapableOf|fly
mirror|lantern|UsedFor|lighting
lamb|duck|IsA|n animal
wrist|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
tomato|garlic|HasProperty|green
blender|microwave|CapableOf|be plugged in
jet|helicopter|CapableOf|fly
pistol|gun|CapableOf|be launched/fired
cat|sheep|UsedFor|riding
worm|ant|IsA|plant
deer|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
mirror|necklace|CapableOf|give off light/glow
skunk|rabbit|UsedFor|swimming
raccoon|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
cousin|uncle|IsA|title
tongue|lips|HasProperty|about mouth
goat|cat|IsA|carnivore
coat|bag|UsedFor|transporting things
accordion|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
cottage|tent|HasProperty|made of concrete
accordion|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
fan|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
plate|tray|HasA|round shape
father|brother|IsA|male
cupboard|wall|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
cart|camel|AtLocation|in africa
tomato|chicken|MadeOf|something edible
trombone|harpsichord|HasA|keys
cottage|gate|HasProperty|a black and white picture
plug|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
wife|girlfriend|IsA|female
elk|ox|HasA|horn
candle|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
tuba|harpsichord|HasA|reed to make it work
mole|skunk|IsA|mink
ankle|knees|AtLocation|on lower body
tuna|trout|HasA|shell
wife|actress|IsA|profession
drill|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
wheelbarrow|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
pen|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
deck|roof|PartOf|house
skirt|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
mole|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
barrel|pipe|CapableOf|contain water
frog|pony|IsA|teeth
flea|wasp|HasProperty|an insect
banana|avocado|HasA|(usually) edible skin
porcupine|squirrel|IsA|rodent
knife|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
kettle|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
elephant|ox|IsA|specific type of deer
rabbit|squirrel|IsA|sad
room|ceiling|CapableOf|be used home
leopard|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
vulture|eagle|IsA|sea bird
neck|forearm|PartOf|the upper body
wheel|pistol|CapableOf|be used in home
deer|bison|IsA|type of big cat
trout|tuna|IsA|card facing left
hair|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
cockroach|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
spatula|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
pants|trousers|IsA|piece of clothing
whisky|milk|IsA|liquid
rabbit|pony|UsedFor|a source of milk
giraffe|bison|HasA|antlers/tusks
faucet|magazine|UsedFor|a vehicle
comb|drill|MadeOf|writing
rocker|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
hawk|pelican|HasA|wings
blouse|skirt|HasProperty|something that can be worn
horse|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
groundhog|squirrel|HasProperty|originated from north america
fawn|mink|IsA|mammal
nurse|wife|IsA|car
cow|donkey|AtLocation|jungle
pencil|stick|HasProperty|cutting
ceiling|walls|HasProperty|enclosed
tiger|zebra|HasA|tail
pear|strawberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
elk|skunk|IsA|predator
giraffe|gorilla|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
brush|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
tiger|frog|UsedFor|riding
hare|raccoon|HasA|horn
trousers|pants|HasA|sleeves
buffalo|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
cupboard|closet|CapableOf|be plumbed in
leg|toe|HasProperty|below the waist 
boy|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
toilet|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
cottage|cabin|PartOf|set of furniture
truck|buggy|HasA|wheels
knife|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
snail|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
cigarette|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
perch|squid|HasA|shell
spade|broom|IsA|weapon
grenade|tank|UsedFor|work
scooter|jeep|MadeOf|metal
rabbit|chicken|IsA|n animal
roof|ceiling|AtLocation|above your head
onions|tomato|IsA|fruit or vegetable
girl|man|CapableOf|bear a child
raspberry|cranberry|HasA|stone 
bedroom|carpet|MadeOf|wood
typewriter|drill|HasProperty|cutting
raspberry|cherry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
bolts|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
cougar|bison|IsA|violent creature
wall|curtains|CapableOf|contain items
avocado|broccoli|UsedFor|cleaning
nurse|girlfriend|HasA|a blood relation with you
cigarette|lantern|HasProperty|makes light
pear|plum|HasProperty|sweet
faucet|mixer|PartOf|tire
tiger|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
nail|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
crocodile|gorilla|HasA|hooves
pony|donkey|HasA| mane (hair on it)
spatula|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
hose|drill|HasA|number on it
screwdriver|razor|MadeOf|writing
forearm|shoulder|HasA|less than three joints
coyote|mink|CapableOf|live in water
flea|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
donkey|pony|UsedFor|sport
worm|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
girl|actress|HasProperty|royalty
neck|tower|PartOf|room
bison|deer|HasA|big horns/tusk
house|gate|UsedFor|religious gatherings
tomato|rabbit|HasProperty|red
uncle|brother|IsA|family
tray|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pigeon|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
gown|jacket|HasA|sleeves
beetle|ant|CapableOf|fly
frog|cat|HasProperty|carnivorous
inn|cabin|IsA|religious place
curtains|wall|MadeOf|wood typically
guitar|harp|MadeOf|strings
skirt|cloak|IsA|white object
cucumber|avocado|IsA|fruit
saucer|boat|IsA| mode of transportation 
radio|stereo|IsA|related to music 
sofa|bedroom|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
house|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
mirror|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
parakeet|owl|HasA|large wing span
donkey|cow|HasA|fur
pipe|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
skirt|boots|PartOf|lower waistline
pen|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tent|barn|IsA|religious place
boat|raft|UsedFor|eating
crab|squid|IsA|fish
liquor|beer|HasProperty|a liquid
wine|butter|IsA|alcohol
neck|hair|AtLocation|on head
fingers|finger|IsA|body part
fridge|dishwasher|HasProperty|electrically powered
supper|salad|HasProperty|meaty
pear|prune|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
celery|cucumber|IsA|fruit
bedroom|bed|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
comb|knife|MadeOf|writing
clamp|bolts|UsedFor|entertainment
forearm|neck|MadeOf|upper body parts
deer|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
inn|bedroom|IsA|religious place
perch|catfish|HasA|shell
squirrel|coyote|HasA|hair/fur
saxophone|harmonica|HasA|keys
fingers|arm|AtLocation|upper body
cockroach|butterfly|CapableOf|fly
finger|forearm|PartOf|upper body
raspberry|banana|PartOf|a red the color of
goat|cow|HasA| mane (hair on it)
skin|ankle|AtLocation|below the knee
crab|trout|AtLocation|at sea
carpet|curtains|CapableOf|open/close
banana|raspberry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
fingers|finger|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
stereo|mixer|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
clock|chandelier|IsA|home appliance
forearm|wrist|HasProperty|something humans have two of
pigeon|falcon|PartOf|wild life
porcupine|mole|CapableOf|live in water
radio|microwave|MadeOf|maybe
horse|dog|HasProperty|fluffy
scissors|brush|IsA|construction tool
mole|coyote|IsA|mammal
mirror|lamp|CapableOf|be set alight with match
ankle|thigh|AtLocation|on lower body
skis|scooter|UsedFor|land suitable one
zebra|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
wife|mother|IsA|male
wife|sister|IsA|immediate relation with you
tank|car|UsedFor|eating
elephant|cat|HasA|tail
bar|bathroom|HasProperty|vertical
bathroom|leg|PartOf|house
spatula|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
bathroom|tower|IsA|part of a building
bowl|saucer|CapableOf|fly
cheetah|camel|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
goat|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
hose|tape|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
finger|fingers|AtLocation|upper body
hose|screws|CapableOf|be used in home
wrist|leg|IsA|plural
butterfly|beetle|IsA|bug
boots|dress|HasA|sleeves
lemon|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
crayon|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
lantern|candle|CapableOf|be worn
frog|camel|IsA|teeth
perch|eel|IsA|water animal
deck|bathroom|IsA|body part
coconut|olive|PartOf|eating
leg|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
nose|finger|HasProperty|used affected during make up
donkey|camel|IsA|carnivore 
eggplant|beans|IsA|green vegetable 
helicopter|boat|CapableOf|fly
car|truck|HasA|more than two wheels
eggplant|garlic|IsA|green vegetable 
dishwasher|blender|PartOf|kitchen appliance
dress|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
banana|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
wife|woman|IsA|family member
jeep|raft|AtLocation|in there
ladle|blender|CapableOf|make things cold
leopard|crocodile|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
kettle|blender|IsA|electric powered item
zebra|camel|IsA|predator 
toe|bone|IsA|limb
actress|nurse|IsA|profession
socks|boots|AtLocation|on your feet
deer|mink|IsA|herbivore
pants|coat|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
trumpet|piano|IsA|wind instrument
pencil|comb|CapableOf|to paint
raspberry|pear|HasA|stone inside
piano|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
shield|banner|HasProperty|something that can be worn
rocker|radio|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
violin|cello|UsedFor|sound
cottage|apartment|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
ladle|spoon|IsA|appliance
grapefruit|strawberry|IsA|red  or orang
pepper|corn|IsA|fruit
shirt|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
skunk|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
orange|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
wrist|hand|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
ladle|kettle|CapableOf|be held in your hand
barrel|pipe|HasProperty|circular
lime|orange|IsA|fruit
fridge|blender|HasProperty|electrically powered
dress|jacket|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
rock|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
car|truck|UsedFor|water
blouse|robe|UsedFor|protection
house|barn|IsA|permanent structure
oven|blender|UsedFor|making food
cupboard|tray|UsedFor|heating items up
zebra|mackerel|HasA|red shell when cooked
camel|giraffe|IsA|object
drill|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
guitar|trumpet|HasA|keys
falcon|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
tank|plate|IsA|vessel
cannon|screws|CapableOf|transport liquids
cougar|camel|HasA|horns 
crayon|scissors|CapableOf|print
floor|roof|PartOf|room
vulture|eagle|AtLocation|at a beach
liver|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
plug|rope|UsedFor|dispensing water
door|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bagpipe|trombone|IsA|wind instrument
eagle|hawk|CapableOf|fly
owl|eagle|HasProperty|a predator
bed|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
trombone|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
stork|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
elephant|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
trombone|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
caterpillar|wasp|HasProperty|an insect
yacht|buggy|MadeOf|metal
cannon|drill|IsA|vessel
spatula|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
paintbrush|screwdriver|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
closet|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
snail|beetle|CapableOf|fly
rock|magazine|CapableOf|be use for transportation
finger|neck|PartOf|body
worm|moth|IsA|insect
razor|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
giraffe|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
elk|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
iguana|snail|IsA|amphibian
bagpipe|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
spatula|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
nurse|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
squirrel|cat|HasProperty|four-legged
rattlesnake|coyote|HasA|long ear
blender|ladle|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
rabbit|mink|CapableOf|hunt other animals
oak|bedroom|PartOf|set of furniture
princess|wife|IsA|family member
flute|bagpipe|IsA|brass instrument
bed|cupboard|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
bottle|mug|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
cousin|aunt|HasA|child
caterpillar|moth|CapableOf|fly
horse|deer|AtLocation|pet store
lamb|goat|IsA|food
jacket|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
banana|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
potatoes|sugar|MadeOf|several ingredients
umbrella|skirt|UsedFor|protection
bedroom|church|IsA|component of a home
stork|duck|HasA|large wing span
grapefruit|orange|HasA|single hard pit
moth|beetle|IsA|insect
gun|grenade|UsedFor|firing artillery
raccoon|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
tuna|catfish|IsA|one syllable word
radio|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
moth|flea|HasProperty|an insect
rope|screws|CapableOf|used in war
walls|floor|IsA|body part
sheep|horse|AtLocation|on a farm 
father|daughter|CapableOf|be a lady
broccoli|onions|UsedFor|cleaning
brush|scissors|IsA|construction tool
roof|neck|PartOf|house
plate|cannon|IsA|firearm
fan|clamp|MadeOf|paper
dishwasher|fridge|UsedFor|making food
wheel|yacht|MadeOf|metal
rattlesnake|flea|AtLocation|nature
chapel|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
girlfriend|mother|HasProperty|exclusively female
doctor|girlfriend|IsA|female
blender|freezer|UsedFor|cooking food
vulture|hawk|UsedFor|a national symbol
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|make sound
fan|tap|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
house|chapel|UsedFor|relaxing
zebra|tiger|IsA|an animal
tray|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cousin|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
stereo|tap|AtLocation|kitchen
brow|nose|AtLocation|below mouth
frog|spider|IsA|plant
tray|thermometer|UsedFor|wearing
razor|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
tank|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
dress|coat|UsedFor|covering legs
ceiling|window|PartOf|a house
crocodile|camel|IsA|type of big cat
screwdriver|razor|CapableOf|to paint
hair|ankle|AtLocation|below the knee
skis|scooter|AtLocation|in water
son|father|HasProperty|a family member
oak|bedroom|IsA|red home
mole|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
frog|squirrel|HasProperty|four-legged
mole|beaver|CapableOf|attack human
comb|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
nurse|princess|UsedFor|transportation
harp|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
worm|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
mother|girl|IsA|person
lemon|orange|CapableOf|spices
tomato|rabbit|MadeOf|red
plastic|tin|IsA|fragile
hare|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
coat|skirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
gate|tent|AtLocation|at your home
eye|kidney|IsA|cancer related card
fingers|leg|PartOf|body
blender|toaster|CapableOf|be plugged in
fan|tape|IsA|digital device
saxophone|piano|HasA|strings
flea|cat|MadeOf|small animals
fan|wheel|UsedFor|entertainment
saxophone|trombone|IsA|wind instrument
paintbrush|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
door|carpet|CapableOf|open/close
camel|horse|HasProperty|fluffy
rattlesnake|mole|HasA|long ear
cherry|plum|HasA|edible skin
duck|falcon|PartOf|wild life
magazine|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
hose|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
porcupine|fawn|IsA|mammal
trousers|pants|HasA|two seperate pant legs
wheel|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
eye|skin|AtLocation|on your head
gown|trousers|PartOf|lower waistline
tomato|coconut|HasProperty|green
chisel|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
shoulder|elbow|UsedFor|holding an apple
airplane|jet|CapableOf|transport ships
flute|piano|HasA|strings
fingers|toe|IsA|joint
barrel|bolts|IsA|firearm
leg|thigh|UsedFor|walking
caribou|gorilla|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
elbow|arm|HasA|bones
blender|toaster|PartOf|kitchen appliance
olive|cherry|CapableOf|spices
tiger|elephant|IsA|something a farmer would own
shoes|gown|PartOf|lower waistline
frog|cat|HasProperty|an insect
chicken|lamb|CapableOf|eating
moth|worm|MadeOf|small animals
scooter|skis|UsedFor|eating
paintbrush|brush|UsedFor|driving screws
guitar|cello|HasA|neck
tank|drill|CapableOf|use electricity
jet|airplane|AtLocation|in the air
buzzard|hawk|HasProperty|a predator
boots|trousers|HasA|sleeves
avocado|celery|UsedFor|cleaning
crayon|pen|CapableOf|writing
typewriter|crayon|HasA|bushy tail
airplane|jet|AtLocation|on water
pony|bison|HasA| mane (hair on it)
rope|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
butterfly|wasp|HasA|walking
squirrel|mole|IsA|mink
shoulder|elbow|PartOf|an appendage
gorilla|camel|IsA|type of cat
vulture|falcon|CapableOf|fly
iguana|alligator|IsA|reptile
car|jeep|MadeOf|metal
finger|fingers|HasA|nails
camel|donkey|IsA|carnivore 
door|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
elbow|neck|IsA|part of the skeleton
tray|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
tank|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
candle|tray|IsA|item of clothing
cabin|apartment|IsA|religious place
eagle|hawk|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
shoulder|forearm|AtLocation|below where a watch is
raccoon|mole|HasA|long ear
house|cottage|HasA|roof
avocado|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
fan|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
hose|pipe|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
chapel|bed|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
metal|mink|IsA|fragile
kidney|liver|HasA|bones
shoulder|hand|IsA|plural
ant|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
bolts|rope|UsedFor|daily usage 
guitar|harp|HasA|strings
harmonica|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
ceiling|room|HasA|glass
pony|sheep|HasA|hooves
razor|pencil|MadeOf|writing
salmon|asparagus|HasA|legs
screws|hose|CapableOf|used in war
rabbit|squirrel|IsA|predator
salad|bacon|IsA|liquid
rope|clamp|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
ankle|knees|HasProperty|has five toes
supper|soup|HasProperty|a single item
brush|scissors|CapableOf|writing
chicken|potato|MadeOf|something edible
nurse|girl|IsA|male
plug|faucet|HasA|a type of metal
rattlesnake|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
iguana|rattlesnake|IsA|amphibian
window|room|IsA|body part
pen|crayon|CapableOf|be used for hair
building|barn|IsA|religious place
donkey|dog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
jeans|dress|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
prune|avocado|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
scooter|bike|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
bolts|tap|PartOf|tire
bagpipe|tuba|HasA|strings
frog|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
camel|crocodile|IsA|teeth
tower|walls|UsedFor|working with computer
tractor|yacht|MadeOf|metal
spatula|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
typewriter|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
worm|caterpillar|HasA|wings
meal|bacon|HasProperty|meaty
sugar|milk|MadeOf|several ingredients
thermometer|lamp|IsA|home appliance
tray|stove|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
hyena|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
avocado|celery|HasProperty|a green food
leg|knee|HasProperty|lower body
barrel|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
doctor|cousin|IsA|family member
deck|ceiling|IsA|body part
spider|elephant|IsA|common pet
toaster|stove|UsedFor|heating items up
grapefruit|banana|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
beaver|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cockroach|spider|IsA|insect
sugar|milk|IsA|colour red
finger|hand|PartOf|building
sugar|meat|CapableOf|fry
cranberry|coconut|IsA|fruit
wheel|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
deer|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
crocodile|alligator|IsA|reptile
buffalo|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
elephant|bison|IsA|specific type of deer
moth|frog|HasA|walking
sugar|meat|UsedFor|desserts
comb|knife|PartOf|drawing
parakeet|duck|CapableOf|be a household pet
spider|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
body|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
tap|hose|CapableOf|work without electricity
garlic|cheese|CapableOf|delicious
room|bathroom|AtLocation|outside of a home
shotgun|rifle|UsedFor|work
giraffe|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
barrel|plate|HasProperty|part of a car
sheep|pony|IsA|typical pet
arm|neck|UsedFor|walking
saxophone|clarinet|HasA|start with a t
cottage|tent|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
deer|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
pear|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
banjo|cello|UsedFor|sound
tank|car|HasA|wheels
elephant|giraffe|HasA|horn
cousin|wife|IsA|younger person
blender|cupboard|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
screwdriver|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
blouse|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
screwdriver|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
woman|wife|IsA|male
muscle|eye|AtLocation|on head
rattlesnake|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
elephant|zebra|IsA|object
fingers|forearm|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
porcupine|groundhog|HasA|long ear
squirrel|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
closet|toilet|UsedFor|making food
boat|sailboat|HasA|motor
salad|milk|UsedFor|desserts
shoulder|toe|UsedFor|a fight
goat|pony|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
hose|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
hare|skunk|HasA|hair/fur
skunk|paper|IsA|bottle
grapefruit|pear|HasA|peel
room|bathroom|PartOf|body
stereo|fan|MadeOf|metal
rope|bolts|MadeOf|paper
aunt|cousin|HasA|blood relationship with you
seagull|owl|CapableOf|be a household pet
finger|fingers|AtLocation|below where a watch is
cherry|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
stereo|mixer|UsedFor|sound waves
pelican|vulture|HasA|long beak
orange|grapefruit|IsA|citrus fruit
plug|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
brush|pencil|HasA|keyboard
hand|finger|HasProperty|lower body
razor|brush|CapableOf|writing
trumpet|clarinet|HasA|keyboard
salad|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
crocodile|horse|HasA|tail
fridge|kettle|HasA|power supply
rock|mixer|IsA|digital device
cheetah|giraffe|IsA|has horns
bathroom|bar|PartOf|house
elbow|arm|UsedFor|walking
lime|garlic|CapableOf|delicious
girlfriend|wife|IsA|female (strictly)
trombone|flute|HasProperty|single-reed
buggy|skis|UsedFor|land suitable one
wheel|rocket|CapableOf|store or transport water
cousin|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
onions|beans|IsA|green vegetable
elbow|hand|PartOf|the upper body
fingers|hand|AtLocation|below waist
arm|ankle|IsA|organ
cat|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
brush|paintbrush|HasA|bushy tail
princess|girl|IsA|male
skirt|cigarette|IsA|home appliance
mink|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
squirrel|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
rabbit|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
dress|pants|UsedFor|warming upper body
dress|socks|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
mirror|thermometer|IsA|home appliance
neck|throat|IsA|part of the body
frog|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
garlic|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
body|nail|AtLocation|on head
crab|catfish|IsA|mollusk
horse|zebra|IsA|an animal
elk|fawn|HasA|antlers/horns
pencil|drill|HasProperty|cutting
porcupine|raccoon|PartOf|herd
jeep|tank|UsedFor|land suitable one
grapefruit|prune|HasProperty|yellow
lamb|goat|HasProperty|small
flute|trumpet|HasA|keys
bridge|bed|IsA|religious place
bison|ox|HasA|horns 
hand|arm|HasProperty|lower body
mixer|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
tower|arm|PartOf|room
salad|chocolate|IsA|meat
chandelier|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
tomato|olive|IsA|fruit
wheel|buggy|AtLocation|in there
barn|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
turtle|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
magazine|rocker|UsedFor|a vehicle
wrist|shoulder|HasA|more than one joint
cottage|oak|PartOf|set of furniture
moth|ant|IsA|plant
cherry|peach|IsA|red  or orang
pineapple|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
hair|skin|HasA|bones
cupboard|bed|MadeOf|wood typically
drill|barrel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
butter|sauce|HasProperty|a liquid
fawn|coyote|HasA|hair/fur
butter|salad|UsedFor|recipes 
rock|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
worm|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
hare|raccoon|IsA|mammal
blender|freezer|IsA|electrical appliance
arm|neck|AtLocation|below waist
tractor|skis|UsedFor|land suitable one
salad|meal|UsedFor|dinner
jeep|skis|UsedFor|land suitable one
nurse|father|UsedFor|transportation
milk|sauce|UsedFor|recipes 
spatula|screwdriver|UsedFor|crafts
aunt|mother|HasProperty|older than you
wheel|skis|HasA|wheels
worm|snail|IsA|insect
squid|catfish|HasA|shell
mixer|wheel|IsA|digital device
apartment|bed|IsA|permanent structure
sailboat|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
man|nurse|HasProperty|steel
pants|sack|HasA|sleeves
caribou|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
fawn|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
door|tray|UsedFor|making food
neck|body|AtLocation|inside
roof|window|PartOf|human body
skirt|pants|UsedFor|feet
skunk|porcupine|PartOf|herd
chicken|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
window|bathroom|AtLocation|at ground level
harp|clarinet|HasA|keys
rocket|cannon|UsedFor|storage
elk|mole|HasA|hair/fur
skateboard|tractor|AtLocation|in water
beer|butter|HasProperty|a liquid
pineapple|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
room|bathroom|UsedFor|tiling
dog|bison|IsA|teeth
body|skin|PartOf|the images displayed
hyena|bison|IsA|violent creature
groundhog|hare|PartOf|herd
forearm|neck|HasProperty|upper body
scissors|crayon|IsA|construction tool
truck|car|AtLocation|in water
mackerel|zebra|HasA|red shell when cooked
camel|elephant|HasA|fur
floor|window|IsA|body part
fan|rope|MadeOf|paper
fan|rock|UsedFor|keeping things cool
fan|radio|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rabbit|crocodile|IsA|teeth
crayon|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
arm|finger|AtLocation|upper body
neck|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
boy|man|HasA|friends on it
saxophone|bagpipe|HasA|strings
tower|ceiling|AtLocation|at ground level
jeans|pants|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
pear|raspberry|HasA|stone 
corn|eggplant|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
bedroom|sofa|PartOf|the entrance to a room
walls|floor|PartOf|a house
clamp|mixer|MadeOf|metal
window|bar|IsA|part of a building
rattlesnake|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
neck|fingers|AtLocation|in your upper body
spatula|drill|CapableOf|make holes 
bolts|barrel|UsedFor|daily usage 
toe|wrist|PartOf|upper body
blouse|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
elephant|giraffe|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
bison|sheep|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
brother|son|IsA|direct relation
giraffe|horse|IsA|object
raccoon|groundhog|HasA|long ears
sandwich|meal|HasProperty|mainly meat
pony|horse|UsedFor|sport
brush|chisel|CapableOf|be used for drawing
apartment|cabin|HasProperty|for the rich
ceiling|roof|PartOf|body
garlic|coconut|HasA|seeds
steak|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
beetle|moth|IsA|bug
trombone|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
falcon|eagle|HasA|long beak
wheel|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
spatula|razor|HasProperty|cutting
cousin|father|IsA|man
turtle|squirrel|AtLocation|nature
deck|floor|AtLocation|above your head in general
rocket|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
camel|horse|IsA|object
trumpet|saxophone|MadeOf|wood
wall|cupboard|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
eye|blood|IsA|edible part of other animals
nose|mouth|AtLocation|below mouth
dress|shoes|HasA|sleeves
plug|wheel|IsA|digital device
worm|spider|IsA|slow mover
cranberry|grapefruit|IsA|fruit
rock|rope|CapableOf|provide water
fan|rock|HasA|a type of metal
mixer|tap|PartOf|tire
mink|skunk|IsA|mink
blender|colander|CapableOf|scoop things
groundhog|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cupboard|sofa|MadeOf|wood
worker|woman|IsA|head
rabbit|tiger|IsA|typical pet
butterfly|moth|HasA|wings
skunk|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
window|ceiling|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
cart|camel|HasA|horn
bacon|soup|UsedFor|dinner
camel|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
barrel|drill|CapableOf|be used in home
magazine|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
wife|girl|HasProperty|female
pen|brush|HasA|keyboard
mixer|fan|MadeOf|metal
corn|garlic|UsedFor|meat replacement
beer|wine|IsA|liquid
mole|deer|IsA|herbivore
squirrel|ant|CapableOf|flying
rattlesnake|flea|MadeOf|small animals
elbow|shoulder|PartOf|the lower body
moth|worm|IsA|insect
body|ankle|HasA|bones
squirrel|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
goat|chicken|MadeOf|red
typewriter|stick|MadeOf|writing
sink|toilet|UsedFor|making food
pipe|rope|UsedFor|daily usage 
coat|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
elbow|arm|AtLocation|in your upper body
fridge|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cherry|grapefruit|PartOf|group or bunch 
walls|floor|AtLocation|above your head
cat|beetle|IsA|colorful 
salad|milk|UsedFor|dessert
window|bathroom|AtLocation|in your apartment
trousers|boots|IsA|piece of clothing
bison|camel|HasA|hooves
shrimp|octopus|AtLocation|at sea
tap|bolts|IsA|related to music 
thigh|foot|PartOf|lower body
skirt|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
barrel|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
blouse|dress|UsedFor|transporting things
rocker|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
boat|jeep|MadeOf|metal
deer|elk|HasA|antlers/tusks
hose|drill|UsedFor|restraining things
house|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
beetle|frog|MadeOf|small animals
tank|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
scissors|pen|PartOf|what is your name this
shoulder|arm|IsA|upper body part
rope|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
worm|snail|HasA|walking
wrist|shoulder|MadeOf|a whole body part
mixer|rope|IsA|digital device
rabbit|cow|IsA|teeth
hair|toe|AtLocation|below the knee
camel|elephant|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
cupboard|blender|AtLocation|on a countertop
neck|forearm|IsA|plural
neck|finger|AtLocation|upper body
drill|rope|UsedFor|harm
deer|caribou|HasA|horn
thigh|leg|PartOf|lower body
blood|skin|HasA|bones
deer|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
hawk|buzzard|HasProperty|a predator
tank|tray|PartOf|any of various units of 
mixer|tape|UsedFor|can your card used home
beetle|cockroach|HasProperty|an insect
guitar|piano|MadeOf|wood
plate|bolts|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
camel|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
tomato|cherry|HasProperty|green
rock|rocker|CapableOf|working
curtains|sofa|MadeOf|wood
ant|turtle|AtLocation|nature
rabbit|rattlesnake|AtLocation|underground
woman|actress|HasProperty|male
blouse|shirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
clock|skirt|UsedFor|wearing
trombone|flute|IsA|instrument
drill|hose|UsedFor|daily usage 
chapel|apartment|IsA|component of a home
neck|shoulder|HasA|more than one joint
cougar|crocodile|IsA|type of cat
barrel|screws|HasA|round shape
mother|daughter|HasA|child
fan|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
blender|dishwasher|CapableOf|make things cold
sheep|bison|HasProperty|fluffy
closet|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
arm|neck|PartOf|upper body
cousin|daughter|IsA|title
pipe|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
flea|worm|CapableOf|flying
sack|shirt|HasA|wheel
tower|room|PartOf|body
mole|groundhog|HasA|hooves
house|barn|AtLocation|at your home
oven|fridge|MadeOf|maybe
whisky|soup|IsA|diary food
sandwich|bacon|IsA|diary food
rabbit|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
tape|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
wrist|forearm|PartOf|the upper body
duck|tomato|HasProperty|red
church|cathedral|HasA| place for worship
snail|flea|AtLocation|nature
worker|girl|MadeOf|metal
skateboard|skis|PartOf|bicycle
trumpet|tuba|IsA|brass instrument
shotgun|grenade|UsedFor|work
knee|thigh|AtLocation|below the waist 
door|bed|MadeOf|wood typically
pen|spatula|MadeOf|writing
typewriter|scissors|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
wheel|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
pistol|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
skis|yacht|AtLocation|in there
bedroom|cottage|IsA|component of a home
tank|scooter|UsedFor|eating
rattlesnake|elk|CapableOf|go underground
grenade|cannon|UsedFor|work
fingers|arm|MadeOf|upper body parts
beaver|groundhog|CapableOf|attack human
hose|plug|PartOf|tire
strawberry|avocado|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
room|tower|HasProperty|enclosed
plug|tap|IsA|digital device
bed|church|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
cow|squirrel|HasProperty|four-legged
girlfriend|cousin|IsA|profession
squirrel|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
rock|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
barrel|rifle|UsedFor|firing artillery
blender|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
scissors|paintbrush|PartOf|what is your name this
screwdriver|drill|CapableOf|be used for drawing
mother|nurse|IsA|head
porcupine|mole|HasA|long ear
tuba|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
pipe|wheel|MadeOf|metal
zebra|crocodile|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
drill|rope|CapableOf|be used in home
cottage|bedroom|IsA|religious place
mink|groundhog|IsA|predator
cheese|garlic|CapableOf|spices
leg|thigh|PartOf|an appendage
coconut|orange|IsA|fruit
nurse|girl|HasA|friends on it
thigh|neck|CapableOf|carrying objects
dress|jeans|IsA|piece of clothing
daughter|cousin|HasA|blood relationship with you
pipe|barrel|UsedFor|daily usage 
pear|prune|HasProperty|sweet
clarinet|piano|MadeOf|wood
hand|tower|PartOf|room
harpsichord|harmonica|HasA|strings
eel|catfish|IsA|fish
boat|wheel|AtLocation|in there
church|house|UsedFor|relaxing
hawk|kite|HasA|start with a p
princess|mother|IsA|car
frog|beetle|IsA|colorful 
bison|tiger|HasA|fur
boots|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
bolts|wheel|IsA|electric 
bridge|bed|IsA|permanent structure
wrist|finger|HasProperty|upper body
camel|pony|IsA|teeth
octopus|tuna|AtLocation|at sea
mixer|radio|CapableOf|make or play music
lime|lemon|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
magazine|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
screwdriver|crayon|PartOf|what is the name of 
elk|bison|AtLocation|in hot climates 
chocolate|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
ant|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
chisel|typewriter|CapableOf|print
doctor|aunt|IsA|female
dress|blouse|IsA|an accessory
octopus|perch|AtLocation|at sea
deer|cow|IsA|carnivore 
cod|lobster|IsA|mollusk
wheel|fan|CapableOf|provide water
orange|pineapple|IsA|citrus fruit
rabbit|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
rope|pipe|CapableOf|use electricity
mackerel|catfish|HasA|legs/tentacles 
fawn|rabbit|IsA|mammal
knife|stick|CapableOf|writing
plum|grapefruit|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
falcon|vulture|IsA|bird of prey
mackerel|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
pistol|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
piano|harp|CapableOf|be held
muscle|eye|AtLocation|inside
caterpillar|cockroach|HasA|walking
balloon|bowl|IsA| mode of transportation 
guitar|trumpet|IsA|instrument
raspberry|prune|IsA|more than one fruit
bungalow|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
giraffe|zebra|HasA|hump
buffalo|camel|HasA|hooves
canoe|wheel|HasA|wheels
raspberry|plum|HasA|peel
floor|leg|PartOf|house
crayon|pencil|CapableOf|make holes 
worm|ant|IsA|colorful 
blender|stove|UsedFor|making food
dishwasher|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
whisky|liquor|UsedFor|drinking
scissors|pliers|UsedFor|writing
hut|apartment|IsA|relatively small
chicken|lamb|IsA|n animal
building|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
dress|skirt|HasA|sleeves
beaver|raccoon|CapableOf|be held 
rope|hose|UsedFor|a vehicle
airplane|saucer|CapableOf|float 
ship|airplane|IsA| mode of transportation 
spatula|chisel|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
mink|skunk|CapableOf|hunt other animals
shirt|pants|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
lamp|mirror|MadeOf|glass
skirt|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
paintbrush|typewriter|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
milk|sauce|HasProperty|alcoholic
trout|squid|IsA|water animal
skirt|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
cello|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
frog|turtle|IsA|insect
neck|muscle|AtLocation|on head
pencil|typewriter|UsedFor|writing
apartment|house|IsA|religious place
ceiling|window|CapableOf|let in air
tower|walls|UsedFor|decoration
rattlesnake|squirrel|CapableOf|be found in the water
nail|eye|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cannon|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
girl|princess|HasProperty|a picture of a female
screws|pipe|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
barn|church|AtLocation|at your home
lantern|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
blender|sink|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
bison|horse|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
screwdriver|brush|MadeOf|only metal
deer|caribou|HasA|antlers/tusks
hare|raccoon|PartOf|herd
tank|barrel|HasA|finger trigger
plum|cherry|HasA|peel
zebra|giraffe|IsA|herbivore
pigeon|eagle|HasA|long beak
rope|fan|IsA|digital device
pencil|knife|IsA|construction tool
canoe|wheel|HasA|engine
actress|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
tray|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
woman|girlfriend|IsA|female
tiger|giraffe|HasA|horn
house|inn|IsA|religious place
soup|whisky|IsA|liquid
bathroom|room|UsedFor|working with computer
boy|worker|IsA|car
socks|skirt|PartOf|lower waistline
pineapple|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
truck|car|UsedFor|war
raspberry|avocado|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
elephant|sheep|IsA|teeth
banana|peach|IsA|fruit
spider|cat|IsA|plant
tank|tractor|HasA|an engine
tiger|leopard|IsA|like a cat
wife|actress|HasProperty|older than you
pipe|hose|CapableOf|transport liquids
zebra|horse|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
cow|donkey|CapableOf|be domesticated
grapefruit|coconut|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
tiger|camel|HasA| mane (hair on it)
nurse|man|IsA|person
crayon|knife|UsedFor|grooming
snail|moth|IsA|bug
cat|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
chicken|crab|IsA|fish
princess|daughter|IsA|profession
crocodile|camel|IsA|has horns
mink|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
curtains|cupboard|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
thigh|neck|IsA|plural
tiger|hyena|IsA|herbivore
mother|cousin|HasProperty|male
neck|elbow|HasProperty|upper body
boat|raft|AtLocation|in water
actress|mother|IsA|male
magazine|radio|IsA|digital device
bean|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
harmonica|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
saxophone|banjo|MadeOf|strings
scissors|crayon|PartOf|drawing
pineapple|grapefruit|IsA|citrus fruit
man|worker|HasProperty|steel
skis|bike|PartOf|bicycle
soup|meal|HasProperty|two syllables
orange|cherry|IsA|fruit
rattlesnake|spider|IsA|plant
horse|giraffe|IsA|object
tongue|finger|HasProperty|used affected during make up
salad|bean|MadeOf|bread
radio|tap|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
body|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
bolts|plate|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
vulture|pigeon|HasA|start with a p
tent|inn|HasA|start with a b
scissors|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
rock|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
socks|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
skis|canoe|MadeOf|metal
groundhog|mole|CapableOf|hunt other animals
nurse|boy|CapableOf|bear a child
bolts|rope|CapableOf|hold water
bone|kidney|IsA|organ
cottage|tent|IsA|relatively small
fingers|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
foot|wrist|IsA|plural
car|truck|AtLocation|in there
meal|steak|UsedFor|dinner
hare|rattlesnake|AtLocation|carnivorous
eel|perch|IsA|black and white
girlfriend|princess|IsA|profession
goat|sheep|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
shoes|skirt|CapableOf|keep legs warm
tray|saucer|MadeOf|metal
arm|fingers|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
fingers|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
brow|neck|CapableOf| taste
microwave|freezer|IsA|electrical appliance
bison|elephant|HasA|horn
rope|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
room|deck|PartOf|room
uncle|son|IsA|man
paintbrush|pencil|IsA|cuting
bacon|steak|MadeOf|meat
bison|dog|IsA|teeth
chisel|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
onions|garlic|HasA|any green on it 
bedroom|bridge|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
cat|flea|AtLocation|nature
room|tower|IsA|part of a building
uncle|son|IsA|family
leg|finger|PartOf|human body
porcupine|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
sugar|milk|AtLocation|in the ground
ceiling|bar|IsA|part of a building
cupboard|bedroom|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
skirt|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
comb|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
shoes|boots|AtLocation|upper part of body
clamp|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
neck|nose|HasProperty|used affected during make up
toe|elbow|IsA|plural
canoe|sled|UsedFor|riding on water
boat|skis|UsedFor|eating
chisel|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
strawberry|cranberry|HasA|edible skin
sofa|door|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
knees|knee|AtLocation|on lower body
lamp|chandelier|CapableOf|move
gate|inn|UsedFor|a place of worship
thigh|leg|PartOf|an appendage
hose|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
wood|tin|IsA|fragile
comb|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
plate|hose|UsedFor|building
bike|skis|IsA|powered vehicle
son|brother|HasProperty|an older relative
cottage|cabin|IsA|4 letter word
mirror|thermometer|UsedFor|lighting
actress|worker|IsA|head
sailboat|buggy|AtLocation|in there
cherry|grapefruit|PartOf|a red the color of
donkey|sheep|CapableOf|be domesticated
roof|window|HasProperty|indoor
harpsichord|trombone|MadeOf|strings
tap|rocker|CapableOf|be turned on
screws|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
raspberry|garlic|HasA|stone 
cougar|ox|HasA|antler
banana|pear|IsA|physical fruit or veg
drill|spatula|CapableOf|make holes 
bridge|building|HasA|start with a b
sheep|cow|AtLocation|pet store
frog|camel|HasA|fur
rattlesnake|mole|AtLocation|underground
tape|clamp|IsA|related to music 
hose|rope|UsedFor|harm
screws|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
mother|woman|HasA|pay check
pen|chisel|PartOf|drawing
radio|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
cranberry|raspberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
rope|magazine|IsA|electric 
toaster|microwave|IsA|electrical appliance
princess|cousin|HasProperty|male
groundhog|mink|IsA|mammal
elephant|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
caterpillar|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
lantern|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
arm|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
birch|broom|IsA|weapon 
raccoon|skunk|AtLocation|underground
squirrel|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
cod|tuna|IsA|mollusk
tap|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
foot|leg|AtLocation|on lower body
comb|chisel|CapableOf|be used for drawing
broccoli|garlic|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
cherry|orange|IsA|fruit
harpsichord|saxophone|HasA|keys
trout|tuna|IsA|water animal
falcon|kite|HasProperty|domesticated
bolts|rope|MadeOf|paper
door|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
princess|girlfriend|IsA|female (strictly)
duck|pelican|CapableOf|attack others
bedroom|bed|HasA|start with a b
flea|cat|HasA|walking
screwdriver|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
bar|floor|PartOf|house
scissors|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cow|rabbit|HasProperty|four-legged
hare|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
cello|harp|HasA|keys
pelican|pigeon|PartOf|wild life
ant|spider|IsA|slow mover
spear|broom|IsA|tree
roof|walls|CapableOf|let in air
donkey|sheep|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
house|inn|HasA|start with a b
raspberry|plum|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
flea|moth|IsA|plant
drill|knife|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
skateboard|scooter|HasA|an engine
bungalow|inn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
dress|trousers|AtLocation|above the feet
blouse|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
skateboard|yacht|HasA|wheels
stick|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for hair
man|mother|IsA|job or profession
toe|leg|HasProperty|has five toes
hare|mole|CapableOf|live in water
walls|window|IsA|body part
plug|wheel|CapableOf|be turned on
potatoes|butter|MadeOf|several ingredients
room|floor|PartOf|human body
alligator|beaver|CapableOf|live in water
rabbit|duck|IsA|meat or animal
typewriter|comb|CapableOf|print
raccoon|rattlesnake|HasA|long ear
sink|fridge|CapableOf|be held in your hand
mother|wife|IsA|family member
drill|grenade|IsA|firearm
saxophone|trombone|CapableOf|be played with mouth
coyote|alligator|HasA|horn
boat|yacht|CapableOf|house a pool on it
mole|raccoon|MadeOf|green
gun|cannon|HasProperty|made for violence
rocker|fridge|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
rope|plate|CapableOf|store or transport water
screws|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
boots|shoes|UsedFor|feet protection
helicopter|bowl|HasA|wings
oak|bed|IsA|red home
rabbit|mouse|CapableOf|kill a human
beetle|flea|MadeOf|small animals
grenade|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
horse|bison|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
crayon|pen|HasA|graphite center
curtains|bedroom|UsedFor|sleep
rabbit|hare|HasA|long ears
bolts|tap|AtLocation|kitchen
worm|frog|IsA|colorful 
trousers|shoes|AtLocation|upper part of body
cannon|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
skis|skateboard|PartOf|bicycle
rifle|shotgun|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
leg|nail|AtLocation|inside
rocket|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
skis|wheel|HasA|an engine
frog|dog|UsedFor|riding
pipe|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
frog|squirrel|AtLocation|nature
raft|boat|UsedFor|riding on water
alligator|iguana|IsA|reptile
fingers|ceiling|PartOf|house
trousers|gown|PartOf|lower waistline
girl|mother|CapableOf|become pregnant 
moth|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
wife|daughter|CapableOf|become pregnant 
canoe|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
camel|bison|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
room|floor|UsedFor|defense
boat|jeep|UsedFor|eating
foot|leg|HasProperty|lower body
squirrel|iguana|HasA|four feet
strainer|tank|HasProperty|part of a car
aunt|woman|HasProperty|female
spider|rabbit|HasA|eating
piano|harp|HasA|neck
mole|hare|CapableOf|hunt other animals
dishwasher|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
oven|freezer|PartOf|kitchen appliance
bike|scooter|HasA|circular component 
porcupine|raccoon|AtLocation|carnivorous
tank|rifle|HasProperty|made for violence
pliers|drill|UsedFor|grooming
bed|bungalow|IsA|religious place
frog|elephant|AtLocation|jungle
girlfriend|princess|IsA|female
chicken|lamb|IsA|fruit or vegetable
door|carpet|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
scooter|tractor|AtLocation|in there
nose|throat|IsA|part of the body
hare|rabbit|HasA|hair/fur
moth|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
nail|skin|CapableOf|help you walk
wheel|drill|UsedFor|restraining things
cabin|building|IsA|religious place
bed|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
dress|pants|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
snail|squirrel|AtLocation|nature
lamb|duck|MadeOf|something edible
screwdriver|spatula|UsedFor|hair
worm|spider|CapableOf|fly
closet|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
microwave|tray|CapableOf|hold water
tray|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
cello|violin|HasA|strings
paintbrush|razor|IsA|construction tool
donkey|cow|HasA|hooves
barrel|screws|UsedFor|daily usage 
stove|fridge|PartOf|kitchen appliance
mole|coyote|HasA|long ears
buggy|jeep|CapableOf|carry multiple people
mirror|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
mole|groundhog|AtLocation|on tree
plate|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
harpsichord|saxophone|HasA|strings
skis|wheel|AtLocation|in water
knife|chisel|PartOf|drawing
pony|horse|AtLocation|pet store
jeans|jacket|UsedFor|feet protection
dress|skirt|MadeOf|threads
cranberry|pear|HasA|stone 
umbrella|blouse|IsA|logo
plum|raspberry|HasA|(usually) edible skin
girl|man|HasA|friends on it
rocker|radio|IsA|digital device
trousers|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
garlic|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
stork|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
sink|microwave|AtLocation|on a countertop
sink|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pipe|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
room|roof|CapableOf|let in air
blouse|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
skis|scooter|UsedFor|eating
violin|guitar|UsedFor|sound
dishwasher|freezer|UsedFor|making food
leopard|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
scarf|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
donkey|horse|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
clarinet|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
harpsichord|flute|HasA|strings
buffalo|gorilla|IsA|like a cat
bedroom|gate|AtLocation|at your home
curtains|wall|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
hand|wrist|UsedFor|holding an apple
kettle|colander|CapableOf|scoop things
girlfriend|princess|HasProperty|male
salad|sugar|IsA|liquid
accordion|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
crayon|chisel|CapableOf|print
frog|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
perch|eel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
elk|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
sparrow|owl|HasA|large wing span
sack|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
cod|perch|HasA|fins
tiger|donkey|HasA| mane (hair on it)
pelican|vulture|IsA|sea bird
wheel|screws|PartOf|any of various units of 
screwdriver|knife|CapableOf|to paint
stove|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
groundhog|mink|HasA|hair/fur
deer|dog|UsedFor|human transport
scooter|skateboard|UsedFor|water
dishwasher|kettle|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
woman|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
tray|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
ladle|colander|UsedFor|stirring
wall|door|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
rabbit|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
tractor|buggy|HasProperty|consuming fuel
scarf|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
broom|bed|IsA|tree
yacht|canoe|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
coyote|deer|HasA|hair/fur
trout|mackerel|AtLocation|at sea
seagull|falcon|HasA|large wingspan
truck|tank|HasA|an engine
clamp|tape|IsA|electric 
supper|soup|HasProperty|mainly meat
starling|duck|HasA|large wing span
caribou|elephant|UsedFor|travel
hose|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
bison|cat|HasA|fur
wife|mother|HasProperty|exclusively female
prune|cherry|HasA|single hard pit
wheel|drill|UsedFor|daily usage 
tuna|cod|HasA|legs/tentacles 
yacht|truck|HasA|wheels
soup|sugar|IsA|meat
king|father|IsA|direct relation with you
tomato|onions|HasProperty|furry
finger|leg|PartOf|room
hose|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
harmonica|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
cousin|actress|IsA|direct relation
woman|actress|HasProperty|two syllables
beaver|groundhog|HasA|hooves
muscle|kidney|HasProperty|liquid
elephant|cow|CapableOf|kill a human
sack|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
pliers|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
garlic|cherry|MadeOf|juice making
sack|bag|HasA|wheel
arm|leg|HasA|foot attached 
guitar|banjo|UsedFor|sound
hyena|crocodile|IsA|has horns
crab|shrimp|HasA|shell
rock|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
tiger|elk|IsA|predator 
cockroach|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
drill|screws|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
cousin|brother|IsA|family member
boy|man|HasA|color
mouse|elephant|IsA|household pet
ankle|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
accordion|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
nurse|mother|UsedFor|food
aunt|cousin|IsA|immediate relation with you
toe|fingers|IsA|joint
girl|nurse|HasProperty|royalty
doctor|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
wheel|tape|IsA|digital device
throat|mouth|CapableOf| taste
blender|oven|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pants|dress|HasA|sleeves
barn|bungalow|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
wheel|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
goat|cat|IsA|teeth
boat|tractor|UsedFor|eating
wheel|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
goat|deer|UsedFor|riding
princess|actress|IsA|direct or immediate relation
jeans|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
zebra|camel|CapableOf|fly
wheel|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
inn|bridge|UsedFor|a place of worship
car|tank|UsedFor|land suitable one
plug|radio|AtLocation|at an electronics store
plum|raspberry|HasProperty|sweet
liquor|bean|IsA|diary food
paintbrush|razor|MadeOf|writing
cockroach|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
tape|tap|CapableOf|make sound
chisel|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
hose|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
hare|beaver|CapableOf|be held 
wife|worker|UsedFor|transportation
girlfriend|woman|IsA|female (strictly)
rabbit|skunk|HasA|hair/fur
gorilla|giraffe|IsA|like a cat
chisel|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
harp|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
raspberry|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
porcupine|coyote|PartOf|herd
pencil|stick|UsedFor|grooming
fan|rocker|MadeOf|steel
lantern|chandelier|CapableOf|use a lightbulb
donkey|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
broom|bayonet|IsA|tree
harpsichord|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
inn|church|IsA|component of a home
camel|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
pistol|gun|UsedFor|shooting
paintbrush|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
rabbit|lamb|IsA|food
screwdriver|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
rabbit|tiger|AtLocation|jungle
pants|dress|IsA|home appliance
accordion|trombone|HasA|reed to make it work
girl|wife|IsA|female (strictly)
floor|bathroom|UsedFor|working with computer
sheep|rabbit|UsedFor|food products
stereo|plug|IsA|electric 
roof|tower|HasProperty|vertical
pony|donkey|HasA|paws
room|leg|PartOf|house
drill|brush|PartOf|drawing
cottage|hut|HasA|start with a b
tent|inn|HasProperty|a black and white picture
fan|rock|MadeOf|maybe
doctor|worker|IsA|car
shrimp|squid|HasA|legs/tentacles 
celery|lime|HasProperty|green
steak|sandwich|HasA|meat
caterpillar|turtle|HasA|walking
plug|bolts|PartOf|tire
raccoon|hare|AtLocation|carnivorous
cousin|prince|IsA|male
rocker|wheel|MadeOf|paper
fan|clamp|MadeOf|metal
floor|deck|PartOf|human body
avocado|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
squirrel|otter|HasA|long tail
butterfly|cockroach|IsA|insect
groundhog|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
eel|asparagus|IsA|fish
zebra|gorilla|HasA|antlers/tusks
mole|hare|IsA|mammal
chisel|crayon|PartOf|drawing
scooter|bike|UsedFor|land suitable one
starling|duck|HasA|large wingspan
paintbrush|pen|IsA|construction tool
squirrel|mole|CapableOf|attack human
walls|floor|AtLocation|above your head in general
kettle|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bungalow|cottage|IsA|component of a home
skunk|squirrel|CapableOf|hunt other animals
bridge|house|IsA|religious place
daughter|cousin|IsA|royalty
wheel|barrel|UsedFor|building
wheel|scooter|HasA|engine
spoon|ladle|UsedFor|transferring liquids
elephant|cart|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
window|ceiling|IsA|part of a building
stick|typewriter|UsedFor|cooking
banana|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
cousin|son|AtLocation|in a royal family
frog|cat|CapableOf|jump
lobster|shrimp|HasA|legs
hand|fingers|PartOf|the upper body
shoulder|wrist|UsedFor|holding an apple
aunt|girlfriend|HasProperty|exclusively female
crab|mackerel|HasA|red shell when cooked
rocker|mixer|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
coat|bag|IsA|worn on the lower body
rope|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
bison|ox|HasA|antler
rope|hose|UsedFor|shooting
fan|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
knife|spatula|UsedFor|crafts
cranberry|raspberry|IsA|fruit
screws|strainer|MadeOf|metal
man|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
tank|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
tuna|mackerel|IsA|water animal
giraffe|zebra|HasA|hooves
elephant|cougar|MadeOf|a living thing
spear|bed|IsA|tree
boots|socks|AtLocation|on your feet
owl|starling|HasA|large wing span
skateboard|bike|HasA|engine
dog|cow|AtLocation|pet store
razor|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
turtle|cat|IsA|plant
dog|deer|AtLocation|pet store
stick|knife|MadeOf|writing
squirrel|mole|HasA|long ear
rabbit|sheep|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
magazine|rocker|MadeOf|maybe
deer|zebra|IsA|predator 
clamp|hose|IsA|electric 
soup|salad|IsA|meat
bedroom|bed|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
hare|mink|IsA|predator
walls|bathroom|CapableOf|let in air
tomato|rabbit|IsA|food
finger|hand|IsA|part of a building
fan|plug|MadeOf|metal/steel
fingers|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
razor|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
clamp|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
cigarette|scarf|MadeOf|/contain glass
razor|brush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
beetle|worm|CapableOf|flying
pepper|tomato|HasProperty|green
bayonet|broom|IsA|man made thing
roof|bar|PartOf|house
accordion|flute|UsedFor|sound
elbow|wrist|IsA|joint
ant|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
woodpecker|starling|HasProperty|a predator
hose|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
porcupine|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
stereo|radio|HasA|a type of metal
pear|prune|HasA|big seed
actress|princess|IsA|female
tray|candle|IsA|item of clothing
tuba|saxophone|HasA|strings
bed|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
harpsichord|accordion|HasA|keys
wheel|tray|MadeOf|metal
bike|jeep|MadeOf|metal
camel|tiger|CapableOf|fly
knife|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
coyote|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
window|finger|PartOf|house
garlic|cherry|CapableOf|spices
tower|ceiling|HasProperty|vertical
peach|pear|HasProperty|yellow
ant|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
umbrella|banner|HasProperty|something that can be worn
plum|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
window|bathroom|UsedFor|tiling
grapefruit|cherry|UsedFor|smoothies
snail|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
tank|pipe|MadeOf|metal
cherry|olive|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
chocolate|salad|UsedFor|recipes 
fan|plug|MadeOf|metal
crayon|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
radio|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
eggplant|beans|UsedFor|cleaning
neck|arm|UsedFor|walking
mixer|faucet|UsedFor|can your card used home
knees|leg|AtLocation|below waist
tuna|cod|IsA|fish
rope|pipe|UsedFor|daily usage 
coat|gown|HasA|long sleeves
scarf|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
sink|fridge|UsedFor|making food
wife|aunt|HasProperty|two syllables
plug|bolts|AtLocation|kitchen
deer|bison|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
floor|bathroom|IsA|body part
hair|blood|HasA|bones
chisel|stick|PartOf|drawing
walls|bar|PartOf|building
yacht|raft|HasA|wheels
camel|horse|UsedFor|riding
rock|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
barrel|rocket|HasA|finger trigger
kidney|liver|IsA|organ
dress|jeans|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
nurse|daughter|HasProperty|a picture of a female
garlic|lemon|CapableOf|delicious
woman|daughter|HasProperty|female
typewriter|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing
worker|man|HasA|the color brown in it
tower|bathroom|UsedFor|working with computer
cabin|inn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
magazine|rope|IsA|related to music 
cat|squirrel|AtLocation|nature
raccoon|mole|HasA|hair/fur
sink|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
ship|airplane|CapableOf|fly
magazine|microwave|MadeOf|steel
radio|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
arm|forearm|HasA|nails
neck|elbow|AtLocation|in your upper body
typewriter|screwdriver|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
hose|rope|UsedFor|sticking
trout|mackerel|IsA|name begging with c
trombone|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
beans|cherry|HasA|seeds
mother|daughter|IsA|profession
knife|razor|HasA|sharp cutting edge
plate|pipe|UsedFor|building
tap|faucet|IsA|digital device
meal|supper|HasA|meat
pen|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
raspberry|avocado|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
tray|fridge|UsedFor|heating items up
ankle|shoulder|IsA|plural
wheel|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
chandelier|lantern|IsA|home appliance
vulture|pelican|IsA|dangerous bird
spider|ant|MadeOf|small animals
bedroom|chapel|IsA|component of a home
mole|rabbit|IsA|mink
screws|wheel|HasA|round shape
cow|frog|AtLocation|jungle
lime|cheese|CapableOf|bitter
skirt|jeans|UsedFor|covering legs
grapefruit|prune|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
walls|tower|PartOf|building
shoulder|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
aunt|wife|AtLocation|in a castle
cottage|bridge|IsA|religious place
lamb|potato|IsA|food
pear|avocado|IsA|long fruit
trousers|dress|PartOf|lower waistline
pelican|duck|HasA|start with a p
father|boy|UsedFor|transportation
hand|wrist|HasProperty|something humans have two of
body|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
whisky|chocolate|IsA|diary food
rock|clamp|IsA|related to music 
cart|giraffe|CapableOf|fly
yacht|boat|HasA|an engine
flea|moth|IsA|colorful 
bed|willow|IsA|tree
goat|dog|CapableOf|be domesticated
cranberry|raspberry|HasA|stone 
chandelier|candle|CapableOf|give off light/glow
prune|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
muscle|kidney|IsA|limb
leg|elbow|CapableOf|carrying objects
turtle|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
tower|roof|PartOf|a house
trout|eel|IsA|name begging with c
clamp|magazine|CapableOf|be turned on
paintbrush|drill|HasProperty|cutting
goat|cat|HasA|fur
church|house|IsA|permanent structure
groundhog|squirrel|IsA|predator
car|skis|UsedFor|eating
tray|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
mink|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
screws|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
inn|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
tank|barrel|HasA|wheels
pine|bed|IsA|weapon 
scissors|typewriter|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
caterpillar|moth|IsA|bug
tent|hut|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
onions|tomato|AtLocation|in water
fingers|room|PartOf|house
beer|sandwich|IsA|diary food
coyote|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
cello|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
bison|elk|IsA|type of big cat
deer|bison|HasA|hooves
brother|prince|IsA|male
pear|prune|HasA|edible skin
wheelbarrow|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
piano|trumpet|HasA|strings
deer|rabbit|IsA|typical pet
porcupine|beaver|CapableOf|hunt other animals
pony|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
balloon|saucer|AtLocation|on water
chapel|hut|IsA|permanent structure
cherry|plum|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
chapel|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
forearm|neck|IsA|joint
plate|rope|CapableOf|store or transport water
mirror|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
neck|finger|PartOf|the upper body
tower|bar|AtLocation|above your head in general
foot|thigh|IsA|plural
deck|floor|PartOf|house
gate|church|HasProperty|a black and white picture
pigeon|hawk|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
wasp|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
turtle|frog|IsA|bug
skunk|mink|CapableOf|go underground
nose|throat|UsedFor|eating
brow|throat|CapableOf| taste
freezer|sink|CapableOf|be plumbed in
barn|inn|AtLocation|at your home
tuna|trout|IsA|mollusk
skateboard|bike|UsedFor|eating
lips|throat|UsedFor|eating
rattlesnake|squirrel|AtLocation|carnivorous
dress|coat|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
rocket|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
blouse|gown|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
thigh|shoulder|IsA|plural
floor|window|AtLocation|above your head
boy|woman|IsA|noun
birch|bed|IsA|tool
doctor|mother|IsA|male
jeep|yacht|HasA|wheels
dog|tiger|UsedFor|riding
horse|goat|CapableOf|be domesticated
arm|blood|IsA|limb
blouse|coat|HasProperty|worn by a woman
sink|cupboard|CapableOf|can you sit on it
crocodile|turtle|HasA|legs
broccoli|corn|UsedFor|meat replacement
wheelbarrow|coat|HasA|wheel
doctor|nurse|HasProperty|a profession
rocket|tank|CapableOf|use electricity
harmonica|flute|HasA|keys
freezer|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
plate|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
scooter|bike|AtLocation|in water
meal|salad|HasA|vegetable(s)
razor|knife|IsA|construction tool
hare|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
crayon|comb|PartOf|drawing
donkey|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
skirt|pants|HasA|sleeves
coat|blouse|HasProperty|worn on the neck
prune|avocado|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
hair|body|IsA|limb
sink|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
willow|pine|IsA|tool
candle|scarf|MadeOf|glass
clock|mirror|CapableOf|generate light
horse|donkey|HasA|hooves
mouse|rabbit|IsA|household pet
magazine|rock|IsA|electric 
kettle|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
rattlesnake|groundhog|AtLocation|carnivorous
rope|pipe|UsedFor|building
brother|prince|IsA|family
stick|drill|UsedFor|grooming
pony|horse|IsA|something a farmer would own
ant|caterpillar|HasProperty|typically able to fly
banana|plum|HasProperty|sweet
skateboard|skis|UsedFor|land suitable one
peach|grapefruit|IsA|red  or orang
forearm|elbow|HasProperty|something humans have two of
paper|skunk|IsA|plant
lantern|chandelier|UsedFor|light
kettle|sink|CapableOf|scoop things
rope|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
clamp|rock|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
pear|peach|IsA|fruit
meal|bean|HasA|meat
harp|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
tent|cottage|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
mouth|nose|HasProperty|used affected during make up
mother|aunt|HasProperty|male
ant|snail|CapableOf|fly
jeans|pants|HasProperty|covering the legs
finger|neck|AtLocation|below waist
wife|girl|HasProperty|two syllables
butter|potatoes|IsA|meat
cousin|king|IsA|direct relation
raccoon|beaver|CapableOf|be held 
inn|house|HasA|roof
mirror|lantern|CapableOf|move
deer|elk|IsA|herbivore
wrist|shoulder|UsedFor|holding a cup
shoulder|forearm|UsedFor|holding an apple
arm|roof|PartOf|room
mackerel|cod|IsA|water animal
tape|faucet|IsA|electronic device
rocket|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
skunk|rabbit|HasProperty|4 letters long
cougar|tiger|IsA|like a cat
falcon|hawk|IsA|dangerous bird
tray|chandelier|IsA|home appliance
giraffe|elephant|IsA|object
skateboard|jeep|HasA|wheels
pencil|spatula|IsA|construction tool
ant|beetle|CapableOf|fly
ant|worm|HasProperty|typically able to fly
raspberry|pear|HasA|(usually) edible skin
cucumber|garlic|IsA|fruit
banana|grapefruit|HasA|yellow color
chicken|onions|MadeOf|something edible
raspberry|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
bed|toilet|UsedFor|making food
donkey|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
otter|mole|IsA|sad
yacht|raft|UsedFor|eating
beaver|porcupine|IsA|predator
crocodile|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
grenade|rifle|UsedFor|firing artillery
pipe|drill|CapableOf|used in war
skis|canoe|AtLocation|in water
rock|rocker|MadeOf|maybe
moth|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
yacht|car|HasA|an engine
boy|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
woman|girlfriend|IsA|male
neck|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
ceiling|deck|PartOf|house
tap|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
hose|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
beetle|worm|MadeOf|small animals
strainer|screws|CapableOf|destroy a building
oven|toaster|UsedFor|making food
knees|thigh|AtLocation|below the waist 
drill|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
actress|nurse|IsA|family member
closet|fridge|UsedFor|making food
chocolate|butter|AtLocation|in the ground
buffalo|zebra|IsA|has horns
skirt|dress|PartOf|pair
plate|strainer|AtLocation|at home
fan|rock|MadeOf|paper
hose|plug|UsedFor|can your card used home
plum|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
hut|cabin|IsA|component of a home
strawberry|orange|HasA|single hard pit
tuna|catfish|IsA|water animal
stick|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
muscle|skin|IsA|limb
snail|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
plate|tray|HasProperty|part of a car
shrimp|catfish|IsA|water animal
cougar|camel|AtLocation|in hot climates 
pear|raspberry|HasA|edible skin (usually)
scissors|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
octopus|eel|IsA|black and white
coat|necklace|MadeOf|threads
flute|trombone|MadeOf|strings
hare|coyote|HasA|hooves
camel|elephant|HasA|hooves
trousers|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
boat|ship|UsedFor|carrying 10 plus people
eye|hair|AtLocation|below your waist
shirt|coat|HasProperty|worn by a woman
fridge|spoon|MadeOf|steel mostly
crocodile|cow|HasA|fur
cupboard|curtains|CapableOf|opening/closing
beaver|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
flute|trumpet|HasA|strings
knees|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
jacket|skirt|HasProperty|something that can be worn
raccoon|porcupine|HasA|hooves
spoon|blender|CapableOf|be held in your hand
tray|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
skin|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
bolts|cannon|CapableOf|use electricity
wife|cousin|IsA|male
spider|ant|CapableOf|fly
snail|moth|HasProperty|an insect
cigarette|lantern|CapableOf|give off light/glow
moth|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
elk|caribou|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
mixer|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
nurse|worker|IsA|head
rabbit|camel|UsedFor|a source of milk
peach|raspberry|IsA|red  or orang
girlfriend|nurse|IsA|car
crayon|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
squirrel|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
faucet|stereo|MadeOf|metal
crayon|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rocket|screws|CapableOf|used in war
faucet|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
ox|hyena|AtLocation|in hot climates 
sink|ladle|HasA|power supply
shrimp|crab|IsA|black and white
finger|leg|IsA|part of a building
caterpillar|snail|CapableOf|fly
gun|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
wrist|finger|AtLocation|upper body
dove|kite|CapableOf|be a household pet
shoulder|hand|AtLocation|below waist
tent|building|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
father|king|IsA|family
pistol|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mink|hare|HasA|long tail
princess|sister|HasA|green item of clothing
neck|finger|IsA|part of the body
dress|pants|IsA|home appliance
giraffe|camel|IsA|herbivore
bone|hair|AtLocation|on head
microwave|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cannon|rifle|CapableOf|used in war
spider|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
boots|jeans|CapableOf|keep legs warm
raft|sailboat|CapableOf|roll
ant|snail|HasProperty|an insect
tuba|saxophone|IsA|wind instrument
brush|drill|CapableOf|be used for drawing
clamp|fan|IsA|related to music 
hyena|cougar|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
tower|roof|IsA|part of a building
cigarette|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
magazine|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
wrist|elbow|HasProperty|something humans have two of
hare|coyote|AtLocation|on tree
crayon|knife|CapableOf|print
magazine|fan|HasA|a type of metal
girlfriend|doctor|IsA|female
dog|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
saxophone|accordion|MadeOf|strings
bison|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
typewriter|stick|IsA|construction tool
robe|umbrella|UsedFor|protection
raft|canoe|HasA|engine
spatula|pen|CapableOf|to paint
neck|shoulder|CapableOf|carrying objects
deck|floor|PartOf|human body
snail|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
tank|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
lantern|lamp|CapableOf|use a lightbulb
falcon|stork|HasA|large wingspan
tank|jeep|MadeOf|metal
plum|raspberry|IsA|long fruit
comb|screwdriver|CapableOf|be used for drawing
groundhog|mole|CapableOf|go underground
cougar|hyena|IsA|herbivore
potato|tomato|PartOf|stir fry
rocket|grenade|UsedFor|bullets
wheel|bolts|AtLocation|kitchen
stereo|rope|AtLocation|kitchen
wife|daughter|IsA|younger person
drill|pliers|UsedFor|hair
plate|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
alligator|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
radio|oven|UsedFor|keeping things cool
drill|scissors|PartOf|drawing
wheel|plate|UsedFor|harm
bar|bathroom|PartOf|body
sheep|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
deer|goat|HasA|hooves
girlfriend|father|IsA|family member
snail|spider|HasA|walking
wheel|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
woman|girlfriend|HasProperty|exclusively female
bedroom|inn|IsA|component of a home
skis|skateboard|HasProperty|consuming fuel
mixer|fan|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
pear|cherry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
mole|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
candle|scarf|MadeOf|metal
goat|sheep|IsA|carnivore 
fingers|finger|IsA|joint
elephant|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
garlic|olive|IsA|vegetable
apartment|inn|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
tray|pipe|PartOf|any of various units of 
catfish|trout|IsA|mollusk
tray|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
hose|magazine|IsA|electric 
rabbit|sheep|CapableOf|be domesticated
ladle|spoon|HasA|power supply
ceiling|floor|HasA|diagram on it
cheetah|leopard|PartOf|the cat family
wheel|tap|MadeOf|metal
tape|rope|UsedFor|a vehicle
sandwich|supper|HasProperty|a single item
bagpipe|cello|HasA|keys
toe|leg|AtLocation|on your head
rope|radio|MadeOf|paper
scissors|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
razor|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
onions|potato|IsA|n animal
leg|ankle|HasProperty|lower body
princess|boy|UsedFor|transportation
mole|rabbit|CapableOf|climb trees
mixer|stereo|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
screws|grenade|IsA|firearm
coconut|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
snail|rattlesnake|HasA|legs
mink|wood|IsA|bottle
wheel|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
chisel|knife|CapableOf|writing
sauce|milk|CapableOf|fry
tap|clamp|IsA|related to music 
deck|window|PartOf|body
harp|piano|IsA|wind instrument
wheelbarrow|jacket|HasA|wheel
mink|squirrel|HasA|obvious defense mechanism
shoulder|wrist|HasA|nails
tank|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
nail|body|PartOf|the images displayed
cat|donkey|HasA| mane (hair on it)
eagle|pigeon|IsA|alive 
boy|nurse|HasA|hat
pear|peach|HasProperty|yellow
spatula|stick|HasA|sharp edge
olive|garlic|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
roof|window|HasProperty|typically vertical
boy|doctor|IsA|family member
corn|tomato|HasProperty|green
closet|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
fingers|wrist|UsedFor|waving
lamp|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
elk|deer|HasProperty|living in water
cigarette|candle|AtLocation|on neck
walls|bar|PartOf|body
bed|wall|CapableOf|contain items
hyena|elephant|HasA|antler
olive|lime|HasProperty|green
spoon|kettle|CapableOf|make things cold
cat|goat|HasProperty|fluffy
tractor|car|UsedFor|farming
rabbit|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
hose|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
saxophone|guitar|MadeOf|strings
toaster|blender|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
spatula|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
trumpet|saxophone|HasA|strings
chisel|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
sugar|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
orange|pear|HasA|single hard pit
squid|shrimp|IsA|black and white
clarinet|guitar|HasA|keyboard
milk|wine|UsedFor|drinking
jacket|cloak|HasProperty|something that can be worn
donkey|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
toaster|freezer|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
stereo|plug|CapableOf|provide water
crab|mackerel|AtLocation|at sea
tape|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
church|inn|AtLocation|at your home
pen|brush|UsedFor|driving screws
chandelier|candle|IsA|home appliance
peach|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
snail|ant|IsA|bug
jacket|shirt|UsedFor|transporting things
fridge|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
worm|frog|CapableOf|flying
catfish|eel|HasA|fins
hut|apartment|IsA|religious place
helicopter|boat|UsedFor|transportation
aunt|wife|HasProperty|two syllables
pliers|pencil|AtLocation|construction site
gun|grenade|CapableOf|be held in a hand
coyote|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
razor|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
church|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
tank|canoe|HasA|wheels
peach|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
nurse|mother|IsA|noun
wrist|finger|HasA|less than three joints
mole|elk|IsA|mammal
strainer|tray|UsedFor|storing wine
peach|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
perch|cod|IsA|water animal
stick|razor|CapableOf|be used for drawing
accordion|harpsichord|HasA|keys
eel|mackerel|HasA|legs
cottage|inn|HasA|own altar
paintbrush|comb|CapableOf|print
asparagus|zebra|IsA|fish
typewriter|comb|IsA|construction tool
wheelbarrow|sack|HasA|sleeves
moth|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
banana|grapefruit|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
aunt|woman|IsA|car
thigh|leg|HasProperty|a large part
camel|ox|HasA|antlers
cod|eel|IsA|mollusk
mother|nurse|HasProperty|male
rabbit|squirrel|HasA|hooves
finger|wrist|HasProperty|upper body
screwdriver|stick|CapableOf|be used for drawing
cranberry|plum|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
plate|strainer|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
hand|fingers|IsA|part of a building
coconut|plum|HasProperty|yellow
crayon|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
drill|spatula|MadeOf|leather
screwdriver|drill|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
cupboard|closet|UsedFor|a small room
hare|squirrel|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
turtle|butterfly|HasA|walking
mixer|rope|MadeOf|metal
rope|gun|IsA|vessel
cabin|hut|IsA|relatively small
spider|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
dishwasher|fridge|UsedFor|cooking food
cow|frog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
zebra|elephant|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
clarinet|piano|HasA|strings
rope|grenade|CapableOf|contain water
neck|knee|IsA|plural
gun|cannon|CapableOf|be used one-handed
cabin|gate|IsA|permanent structure
spoon|fridge|UsedFor|washing dishes
bridge|gate|IsA|permanent structure
radio|faucet|MadeOf|metal
princess|cousin|IsA|male
rabbit|elephant|CapableOf|jump
groundhog|skunk|PartOf|herd
wasp|moth|HasA|walking
supper|soup|HasProperty|smaller than your thumb
barn|chapel|IsA|component of a home
turtle|crocodile|HasA| 4 limbs
shoes|jeans|IsA|typically female clothing item
toe|elbow|IsA|organ
deer|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
skunk|groundhog|CapableOf|climb trees
frog|cat|PartOf|jumping
plum|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
elephant|squirrel|HasA|eating
wife|daughter|IsA|sibling
building|bungalow|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
mouse|rabbit|HasA|eating
cupboard|curtains|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
tape|faucet|UsedFor|entertainment
screwdriver|scissors|UsedFor|cutting
pen|scissors|UsedFor|brushing
grapefruit|avocado|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
jeep|boat|AtLocation|in there
father|wife|IsA|female
flute|guitar|MadeOf|wood
butterfly|squirrel|HasA|walking
wrist|elbow|PartOf|the upper body
leopard|tiger|IsA|like a cat
banjo|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
father|woman|HasProperty|a picture of a female
squirrel|cow|HasA|tail
flute|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
butterfly|worm|IsA|plant
clarinet|saxophone|UsedFor|blowing
bike|sled|AtLocation|in water
inn|house|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
gown|blouse|IsA|an accessory
hose|tap|UsedFor|water
rocker|rock|MadeOf|steel
dishwasher|freezer|IsA|electrical appliance
hair|neck|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cabin|barn|IsA|component of a home
coconut|lime|IsA|vegetable
dishwasher|fridge|UsedFor|heating items up
cloak|robe|HasA|more than one person
dress|gown|HasProperty|worn by a woman
harmonica|tuba|MadeOf|strings
building|church|IsA|permanent structure
gown|skirt|UsedFor|transporting things
trumpet|piano|HasA|strings
leg|room|PartOf|house
fawn|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
rope|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
garlic|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
screws|wheel|MadeOf|wood
woman|cousin|IsA|profession
rocket|grenade|UsedFor|storage
banjo|violin|IsA|wind instrument
spatula|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
moth|butterfly|IsA|plant
tuna|lobster|HasA|red shell when cooked
mother|daughter|HasA|blood relationship with you
beaver|squirrel|HasA|horn
necklace|dress|UsedFor|wearing
princess|woman|IsA|family member
celery|pepper|IsA|vegetable
daughter|wife|UsedFor|transportation
banana|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
beaver|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
corn|cherry|HasA|seeds
hose|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
banjo|saxophone|MadeOf|metal
tank|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
spider|cow|IsA|common pet
cannon|tank|HasProperty|tiger
plate|rope|UsedFor|daily usage 
cat|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
cod|perch|IsA|mollusk
cockroach|ant|HasA|wings
princess|nurse|IsA|occupation
snail|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
ceiling|floor|PartOf|room
donkey|horse|HasA| mane (hair on it)
hose|rocket|IsA|firearm
harp|banjo|HasA|strings
banana|cherry|HasProperty|sweet
squid|lobster|HasA|fins
duck|pelican|PartOf|wild life
saxophone|banjo|IsA|instrument
garlic|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
caribou|camel|IsA|herbivore
toe|ankle|IsA|upper body part
screws|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
plug|rope|MadeOf|metal
plum|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
hose|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
saxophone|guitar|HasA|tube
house|cottage|UsedFor|relaxing
skunk|beaver|AtLocation|underground
uncle|son|AtLocation|in a royal family
throat|finger|UsedFor|eating
cousin|aunt|IsA|profession
falcon|pelican|HasA|start with a p
girlfriend|actress|HasA|a blood relation with you
nose|neck|IsA|part of the body
brush|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
cottage|gate|UsedFor|relaxing
wheel|pipe|PartOf|any of various units of 
fingers|leg|PartOf|building
sparrow|dove|HasA|large wing span
saxophone|clarinet|HasA|keyboard
rope|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
wheelbarrow|gown|IsA|worn on the lower body
finger|throat|IsA|pink face feature
pliers|knife|CapableOf|to paint
bedroom|curtains|CapableOf|open/close
pliers|paintbrush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
elbow|nail|AtLocation|on head
wrist|elbow|IsA|specific joint
cello|violin|HasA|neck
raccoon|groundhog|HasA|horn
walls|hand|PartOf|house
hand|forearm|MadeOf|upper body parts
umbrella|blouse|IsA|white object
skunk|raccoon|AtLocation|carnivorous
prune|cranberry|IsA|fruit
crab|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
ox|elephant|CapableOf|carry a adult human
beans|eggplant|UsedFor|meat replacement
prune|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
shoulder|forearm|HasProperty|upper body
hose|rope|IsA|firearm
car|jeep|AtLocation|in there
plug|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
bag|wheelbarrow|IsA|worn on the lower body
chicken|duck|HasProperty|red
necklace|cigarette|CapableOf|move
donkey|sheep|HasA| mane (hair on it)
pants|trousers|PartOf|lower waistline
goat|rabbit|MadeOf|something edible
cottage|inn|IsA|religious place
elephant|frog|IsA|household pet
leg|hand|IsA|joint
goat|lamb|IsA|animal
jeep|truck|HasA|wheels
dove|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
king|cousin|IsA|family
elephant|camel|AtLocation|in africa
drill|tank|CapableOf|transport liquids
liquor|chocolate|IsA|diary food
scooter|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
scooter|boat|UsedFor|eating
chisel|drill|PartOf|drawing
drill|screwdriver|HasA|sharp edge
cranberry|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
colander|dishwasher|CapableOf|make things cold
barrel|plate|AtLocation|at home
muscle|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
finger|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
screwdriver|pen|MadeOf|only metal
trousers|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
canoe|yacht|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
pipe|tank|HasProperty|part of a car
clarinet|saxophone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
orange|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
rabbit|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
barrel|tank|UsedFor|bullets
bison|rabbit|HasA| mane (hair on it)
stork|kite|HasA|large wing span
crab|chicken|IsA|mollusk
bean|supper|HasProperty|mainly meat
prince|son|IsA|direct relation
screwdriver|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
father|king|IsA|female
fan|stereo|AtLocation|at an electronics store
worker|girl|HasA|the color brown in it
leg|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
fingers|floor|PartOf|house
stork|starling|CapableOf|be a household pet
flea|moth|HasProperty|an insect
forearm|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
gun|rifle|IsA|hand-held weapon
ant|flea|IsA|plant
boots|shoes|IsA|typically female clothing item
bungalow|cabin|IsA|red home
crab|chicken|IsA|black and white
banana|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothies
accordion|banjo|UsedFor|sound
potato|lamb|MadeOf|red
balloon|saucer|CapableOf|float 
woman|princess|UsedFor|transportation
sheep|donkey|HasA|fur
chisel|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
toe|knees|HasProperty|lower body
tank|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bagpipe|piano|HasA|strings
paintbrush|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
squirrel|cat|PartOf|jumping
piano|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
crab|shrimp|HasA|legs
catfish|tuna|HasA|legs/tentacles 
worm|ant|IsA|slow mover
screws|pipe|PartOf|any of various units of 
cottage|gate|UsedFor|religious gatherings
screws|barrel|MadeOf|metal
zebra|camel|HasA|hooves
worm|butterfly|IsA|bug
drill|rifle|IsA|vessel
pigeon|pelican|HasA|wings
wall|carpet|CapableOf|contain items
hose|wheel|UsedFor|entertainment
rocket|pipe|IsA|firearm
cottage|church|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
violin|cello|CapableOf|easily carried around
flute|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
drill|chisel|MadeOf|leather
peach|avocado|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
cow|pony|HasA|horn on head
fingers|arm|HasProperty|lower body
guitar|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
arm|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
pants|shoes|PartOf|pair
pipe|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
coconut|pear|IsA|red  or orang
octopus|shrimp|HasA|legs/tentacles 
banana|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
hare|squirrel|CapableOf|running fast
mackerel|tuna|IsA|card facing left
rabbit|mole|AtLocation|north america (specifically)
pipe|screws|CapableOf|use electricity
bison|donkey|UsedFor|riding
giraffe|zebra|HasA|antlers/tusks
stereo|tape|UsedFor|water
porcupine|rabbit|AtLocation|carnivorous
harp|guitar|HasA|strings
cat|rabbit|UsedFor|human transport
stick|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
apartment|cabin|HasProperty|a black and white picture
inn|chapel|HasA|own altar
drill|screwdriver|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
lantern|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
bolts|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
crayon|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tomato|orange|IsA|fruit
bean|liquor|IsA|diary food
alligator|turtle|IsA|reptile
ankle|thigh|HasProperty|has five toes
apartment|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
toe|eye|IsA|on the lower half 
catfish|trout|HasA|fins
woman|daughter|HasProperty|exclusively female
mole|groundhog|AtLocation|carnivorous
airplane|boat|IsA| mode of transportation 
muscle|bone|HasProperty|liquid
pants|jeans|CapableOf|keep legs warm
bed|apartment|IsA|religious place
otter|mole|HasA|long ears
clarinet|trombone|UsedFor|sound
ceiling|deck|IsA|part of a building
rabbit|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
drill|rope|IsA|vessel
ant|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
skunk|otter|IsA|mink
dress|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
girl|mother|HasA|a blood relation with you
cheese|coconut|CapableOf|delicious
forearm|neck|PartOf|the upper body
tray|kettle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
rock|fridge|UsedFor|food
beetle|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
chisel|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
trombone|banjo|MadeOf|metal
shoulder|elbow|AtLocation|in your upper body
grapefruit|cherry|HasA|big seed
finger|neck|PartOf|room
tank|strainer|HasA|round shape
brother|son|IsA|man
jeans|gown|AtLocation|above the feet
gate|cottage|HasA| place for worship
camel|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
church|barn|IsA|place to live permanently
beans|onions|IsA|purple vegetable
pliers|razor|PartOf|drawing
toe|nail|AtLocation|on your head
stereo|tap|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
raspberry|banana|UsedFor|smoothies
plate|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
bed|cupboard|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
liquor|potatoes|IsA|diary food
rabbit|chicken|IsA|fruit or vegetable
pen|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
pliers|comb|CapableOf|print
rocker|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
daughter|aunt|HasProperty|male
coat|dress|HasA|two seperate pant legs
skirt|jeans|UsedFor|warming upper body
spoon|ladle|HasA|electrical parts
rabbit|goat|UsedFor|riding
hand|toe|IsA|joint
knife|pen|HasProperty|cutting
horse|tiger|HasProperty|fluffy
walls|tower|CapableOf|let in air
elk|deer|HasA|antlers/horns
tap|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
mixer|rocker|CapableOf|be turned on
camel|rabbit|HasProperty|fluffy
door|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
clarinet|piano|IsA|instrument
squirrel|deer|CapableOf|live in water
razor|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
uncle|king|IsA|family
bolts|screws|CapableOf|used in war
tray|microwave|CapableOf|hold water
mole|fawn|IsA|predator
squirrel|groundhog|CapableOf|be held 
liver|leg|AtLocation|on your head
elephant|ox|HasA|antler
carpet|door|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
oven|stove|UsedFor|heating items up
fingers|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
beetle|spider|IsA|insect
blender|stove|CapableOf|be plugged in
tap|clamp|IsA|digital device
man|boy|IsA|occupation
cougar|leopard|IsA|has horns
cat|frog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
man|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
raspberry|plum|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
bag|sack|IsA|worn on the lower body
garlic|pear|HasA|usually inedible skin
helicopter|airplane|HasA|the ability to fly
cranberry|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
dog|cat|AtLocation|pet store
mink|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
deer|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
truck|car|HasA|more than two wheels
window|fingers|PartOf|room
mink|hare|AtLocation|carnivorous
horse|camel|UsedFor|food products
cannon|wheel|IsA|firearm
apartment|house|HasProperty|made of concrete
girl|nurse|IsA|family member
girlfriend|wife|IsA|family member
brush|pen|PartOf|drawing
caterpillar|butterfly|HasProperty|an insect
inn|cottage|IsA|religious place
soup|supper|HasProperty|smaller than your thumb
bolts|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
cigarette|candle|IsA|item of clothing
squirrel|wasp|IsA|colorful 
crab|catfish|IsA|water animal
rock|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
glass|tin|CapableOf|hold water
neck|fingers|AtLocation|upper body
stick|typewriter|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
rabbit|horse|CapableOf|be domesticated
horse|zebra|IsA|object
candle|cigarette|HasProperty|makes light
garlic|olive|PartOf|eating
arm|fingers|PartOf|lower body
cabin|bungalow|UsedFor|human living
worm|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
avocado|banana|HasProperty|yellow
donkey|frog|IsA|something a farmer would own
shoulder|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
woman|wife|HasA|blood relation with you
muscle|skin|HasA|bones
cabin|tent|HasProperty|for the rich
woman|girlfriend|IsA|family member
screwdriver|spatula|PartOf|drawing
tank|tray|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
toaster|sink|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
porcupine|skunk|AtLocation|carnivorous
tape|rope|HasA|a type of metal
pigeon|pelican|HasA|start with a p
razor|scissors|CapableOf|be used for drawing
broccoli|cucumber|IsA|fruit
car|scooter|AtLocation|in water
grenade|pipe|IsA|vessel
scarf|candle|MadeOf|glass
trombone|banjo|HasA|strings
falcon|duck|CapableOf|fly
nurse|father|IsA|female
raspberry|cherry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
jacket|coat|IsA|item of clothing
avocado|pear|IsA|physical fruit or veg
prune|grapefruit|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
kettle|fridge|IsA|electric powered item
finger|wrist|MadeOf|upper body parts
screws|gun|CapableOf|be used in home
rocker|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
forearm|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
vulture|pelican|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
grenade|barrel|HasProperty|tiger
peach|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
coat|skirt|IsA|accessory
oak|cabin|IsA|red home
rattlesnake|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
wrist|finger|AtLocation|below where a watch is
pen|pliers|CapableOf|print
snail|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
buggy|sailboat|HasA|wheels
flute|trumpet|UsedFor|blowing
blood|nail|HasA|bones
rattlesnake|iguana|CapableOf|be found in the water
arm|neck|IsA|joint
chapel|house|IsA|permanent structure
squirrel|butterfly|IsA|plant
thigh|ankle|IsA|limb
rabbit|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
meal|sandwich|HasProperty|mainly meat
tap|faucet|UsedFor|entertainment
radio|plug|MadeOf|paper
hyena|leopard|IsA|predator 
clock|candle|CapableOf|be worn
girl|man|HasProperty|steel
hare|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
canoe|jeep|AtLocation|in there
rabbit|mink|IsA|mammal
pencil|scissors|IsA|cuting
groundhog|skunk|IsA|predator
orange|lime|CapableOf|delicious
bar|bathroom|PartOf|building
elephant|crocodile|HasA|fur
cousin|wife|IsA|car
wall|bed|UsedFor|storage
sugar|chocolate|UsedFor|recipes 
butterfly|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
wheel|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
throat|neck|HasProperty|used affected during make up
otter|rabbit|IsA|sad
hare|elk|HasProperty|living in water
goat|donkey|IsA|typical pet
drill|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
rock|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
rocker|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
tape|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
blouse|coat|HasProperty|worn below the waist
sparrow|stork|HasProperty|a predator
scooter|raft|HasA|an engine
soup|meal|HasProperty|a single item
drill|wheel|CapableOf|be launched/fired
trumpet|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
squirrel|raccoon|CapableOf|attack human
cannon|rifle|CapableOf|be used one-handed
frog|sheep|AtLocation|pet store
donkey|pony|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
mink|raccoon|IsA|predator
roof|floor|IsA|body part
otter|mole|IsA|otter
wine|liquor|UsedFor|drinking
tray|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
neck|leg|PartOf|human body
toaster|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
screws|cannon|IsA|firearm
pelican|vulture|HasProperty|domesticated
wheel|bike|HasA|wheels
faucet|fan|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
grapefruit|cherry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
doctor|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
oven|rock|CapableOf|be use for transportation
deer|crocodile|IsA|teeth
pipe|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
beans|corn|IsA|fruit
squirrel|alligator|HasA|horn
elephant|cat|PartOf|jumping
drill|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
skunk|hare|AtLocation|water usually
yacht|canoe|AtLocation|in there
sauce|liquor|HasProperty|a liquid
fingers|elbow|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
hand|arm|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
zebra|cart|HasA|trunk
apartment|hut|IsA|permanent structure
walls|window|PartOf|room
cupboard|bed|UsedFor|making food
wall|bed|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
skunk|otter|CapableOf|running fast
saxophone|flute|HasA|reed to make it work
blender|kettle|HasA|power supply
sailboat|skateboard|HasA|wheels
window|walls|HasProperty|indoor
hose|radio|IsA|digital device
bike|scooter|IsA|powered vehicle
rocket|barrel|HasA|wheels
bolts|drill|UsedFor|harm
deck|bar|IsA|part of a building
shoes|boots|HasProperty|covering the legs
room|floor|AtLocation|in your apartment
screws|cannon|CapableOf|use electricity
knee|toe|HasProperty|below the waist 
raccoon|deer|IsA|predator
broccoli|celery|HasProperty|a green food
pipe|screws|UsedFor|daily usage 
bed|bedroom|PartOf|the entrance to a room
boots|jacket|CapableOf|cover your full body
camel|horse|IsA|an animal
raccoon|groundhog|IsA|rodent
bean|salad|IsA|liquid
falcon|kite|IsA|alive 
trousers|coat|HasA|wheel
bar|ceiling|PartOf|building
sailboat|tractor|UsedFor|eating
camel|crocodile|IsA|type of cat
car|jeep|AtLocation|in water
pelican|falcon|IsA|sea bird
drill|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
goat|donkey|HasA| mane (hair on it)
beetle|spider|IsA|slow mover
pants|blouse|IsA|home appliance
strawberry|plum|HasProperty|yellow
pants|shoes|IsA|typically female clothing item
rabbit|squirrel|PartOf|herd
rope|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
arm|elbow|UsedFor|waving
tap|plug|AtLocation|kitchen
cranberry|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
wheelbarrow|bag|UsedFor|transporting things
piano|harpsichord|HasA|strings
cheetah|leopard|IsA|predator 
arm|liver|AtLocation|on head
lemon|orange|MadeOf|juice making
crab|cod|HasA|red shell when cooked
deck|roof|HasA|diagram on it
boat|car|MadeOf|metal
steak|sandwich|IsA|diary food
guitar|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
hose|rocker|IsA|electric 
flea|beetle|IsA|plant
pants|boots|AtLocation|on lower body
sofa|carpet|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
crayon|knife|MadeOf|writing
leg|eye|IsA|limb
rocket|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
porcupine|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
knee|leg|HasProperty|lower body
boat|buggy|UsedFor|delivering parcels
raft|boat|UsedFor|water
supper|salad|HasProperty|two syllables
jacket|robe|IsA|logo
crayon|pen|HasA|bushy tail
girlfriend|aunt|HasProperty|male
gate|bridge|IsA|component of a home
pelican|pigeon|IsA|bird of prey
cottage|bungalow|IsA|religious place
trumpet|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
cougar|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
oven|radio|MadeOf|steel
kettle|blender|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
roof|walls|CapableOf|be used home
rabbit|goat|IsA|typical pet
screws|drill|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
spider|flea|HasProperty|an insect
aunt|daughter|HasProperty|female
knife|razor|CapableOf|be used for drawing
duck|pigeon|IsA|dangerous bird
mother|wife|IsA|direct relation
bison|crocodile|IsA|something a farmer would own
typewriter|scissors|MadeOf|writing
rope|hose|HasA|string or line
wheel|gun|CapableOf|be used in home
milk|butter|HasProperty|a liquid
drill|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
garlic|beans|HasA|seeds
body|neck|AtLocation|on your head
raspberry|plum|HasA|edible skin
butterfly|spider|IsA|insect
snail|spider|IsA|bug
clamp|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rope|wheel|CapableOf|contain water
thermometer|scarf|MadeOf|threads
skunk|mink|AtLocation|carnivorous
coconut|lemon|IsA|fruit
fan|mixer|IsA|digital device
tuba|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
airplane|jet|AtLocation|in the air
owl|kite|CapableOf|be a household pet
oven|toaster|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
sandwich|potatoes|IsA|diary food
crocodile|deer|UsedFor|human transport
pants|trousers|UsedFor|transporting things
flute|clarinet|HasA|keys
aunt|mother|IsA|car
hawk|eagle|UsedFor|a national symbol
bowl|airplane|CapableOf|fly
jeep|bike|UsedFor|eating
walls|bar|PartOf|house
bison|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
stick|pen|CapableOf|be used for hair
hand|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
stove|blender|UsedFor|storing food 
banjo|cello|MadeOf|strings
rabbit|frog|HasA|horn on head
frog|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
doctor|man|HasProperty|male
body|hair|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
blouse|jeans|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
shoes|boots|UsedFor|feet protection
sailboat|canoe|UsedFor|water
garlic|coconut|HasProperty|green
snail|caterpillar|IsA|bug
apartment|barn|IsA|religious place
neck|finger|PartOf|building
screwdriver|knife|HasProperty|cutting
closet|door|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
knife|razor|PartOf|drawing
worm|ant|AtLocation|nature
plug|radio|CapableOf|provide water
avocado|banana|HasProperty|red
bolts|pipe|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
sandwich|soup|UsedFor|dinner
inn|tent|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
beaver|porcupine|HasA|hooves
knee|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
sparrow|pigeon|CapableOf|be a household pet
pony|sheep|HasA|fur
stereo|radio|IsA|electric 
girl|wife|PartOf|hospital staff
princess|cousin|HasA|multiple people pictured
finger|hand|AtLocation|below where a watch is
peach|pear|HasA|edible skin
barn|cottage|IsA|red home
catfish|octopus|IsA|water animal
elephant|mouse|IsA|common pet
bean|soup|IsA|diary food
cranberry|prune|IsA|fruit
donkey|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
sailboat|tank|UsedFor|eating
rocker|clamp|IsA|electric 
girlfriend|princess|IsA|female (strictly)
asparagus|squid|IsA|fish
rifle|gun|IsA|vessel
peach|cherry|HasA|edible skin
cherry|prune|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
camel|rabbit|CapableOf|be domesticated
hare|groundhog|IsA|predator
deer|tiger|IsA|teeth
church|gate|IsA|permanent structure
kettle|cupboard|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
tray|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
comb|brush|MadeOf|writing
mink|otter|IsA|otter
brush|stick|PartOf|drawing
ankle|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
screws|drill|IsA|firearm
pistol|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
jeans|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
pen|drill|CapableOf|print
sheep|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
leg|neck|IsA|joint
rope|fan|MadeOf|paper
bed|carpet|UsedFor|lighting
hand|finger|HasProperty|upper body
salmon|mackerel|IsA|name begging with c
wheel|truck|AtLocation|in there
chisel|screwdriver|MadeOf|plastic too
church|chapel|UsedFor|relaxing
duck|pigeon|HasA|long beak
bolts|hose|PartOf|tire
cherry|plum|HasA|stone inside
mole|hare|UsedFor|swimming
milk|salad|CapableOf|fry
woman|aunt|IsA|profession
wasp|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
rope|clamp|MadeOf|metal
catfish|crab|HasA|red shell when cooked
birch|pine|IsA|weapon
gun|tank|CapableOf|used in war
frog|cow|PartOf|jumping
raspberry|cherry|IsA|fruit
butterfly|spider|CapableOf|flying
shoes|pants|PartOf|lower waistline
pipe|plate|CapableOf|used in war
pear|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
camel|buffalo|IsA|like a cat
thigh|hand|IsA|plural
plug|mixer|UsedFor|dispensing water
elephant|giraffe|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
broom|willow|IsA|weapon 
elbow|body|AtLocation|in the torso
moth|caterpillar|IsA|plant
shoes|socks|HasA|sleeves
goat|rabbit|HasA| mane (hair on it)
barrel|pipe|CapableOf|use electricity
neck|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
pants|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
eggplant|onions|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
scooter|bike|HasA|circular component 
scissors|spatula|IsA|construction tool
girl|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
neck|elbow|MadeOf|a whole body part
pony|horse|HasProperty|used in races
chisel|crayon|CapableOf|print
ladle|colander|HasA|power supply
spade|broom|IsA|tool
cat|turtle|IsA|colorful 
turtle|moth|IsA|plant
hose|plate|IsA|vessel
sugar|butter|MadeOf|several ingredients
tower|walls|HasProperty|typically vertical
elbow|finger|AtLocation|in your upper body
king|father|IsA|female
bolts|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
bag|socks|HasA|sleeves
lobster|chicken|IsA|mollusk
clarinet|banjo|MadeOf|metal
broccoli|eggplant|UsedFor|cleaning
falcon|pelican|IsA|sea bird
salmon|eel|IsA|water animal
cherry|tomato|HasProperty|sweet
son|father|IsA|direct relation
broccoli|pepper|IsA|vegetable
cart|crocodile|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
thigh|foot|AtLocation|upper body
beaver|skunk|IsA|rodent
beetle|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
jet|ship|UsedFor|carrying 10 plus people
woman|girl|IsA|profession
candle|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
rabbit|deer|IsA|predator
actress|aunt|IsA|car
tank|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
cat|frog|IsA|insect
skirt|pants|HasProperty|worn below the waist
potatoes|butter|UsedFor|desserts
uncle|father|IsA|man
woman|aunt|HasProperty|exclusively female
carpet|sofa|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
spider|mouse|AtLocation|in a house
rabbit|raccoon|PartOf|herd
woman|girlfriend|IsA|profession
grenade|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
hare|skunk|UsedFor|swimming
cat|frog|UsedFor|food products
deer|sheep|IsA|carnivore 
supper|sandwich|HasProperty|two syllables
drill|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
moth|caterpillar|HasA|walking
neck|elbow|HasA|bones
cherry|prune|HasA|stone inside
apartment|barn|IsA|component of a home
trombone|saxophone|IsA|brass instrument
banner|shield|HasProperty|something that can be worn
nurse|boy|UsedFor|transportation
magazine|microwave|UsedFor|keeping things cool
camel|bison|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
jacket|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
ant|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
pear|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
worm|butterfly|IsA|plant
wheelbarrow|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
sink|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
fan|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
shirt|jacket|IsA|an accessory
pistol|gun|IsA|firearm
tuba|piano|HasA|keys
fan|tap|MadeOf|paper
cherry|plum|HasProperty|purple
leg|toe|IsA|on the lower half 
dress|skirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
jeans|shoes|PartOf|pair
cheetah|leopard|IsA|type of big cat
elk|cougar|MadeOf|a living thing
sugar|potatoes|MadeOf|several ingredients
bison|camel|AtLocation|pet store
drill|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
trumpet|trombone|HasA|keys
scarf|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
pear|plum|IsA|fruit
jet|airplane|CapableOf|fly
raft|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
horse|tiger|HasA|tail
neck|finger|PartOf|human body
chandelier|mirror|MadeOf|/contain glass
pear|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
truck|buggy|UsedFor|traveling over rough terrain
cockroach|flea|MadeOf|small animals
piano|bagpipe|HasA|keys
cottage|chapel|HasA| place for worship
harp|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
foot|leg|HasProperty|upper body
beetle|snail|CapableOf|flying
harp|flute|HasA|keys
flea|ant|HasA|wings
typewriter|spatula|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pliers|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
helicopter|jet|IsA| mode of transportation 
tape|bolts|MadeOf|paper
deck|bathroom|HasProperty|indoor
spider|cow|CapableOf|kill a human
eagle|pigeon|PartOf|wild life
tomato|avocado|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
orange|lemon|CapableOf|spices
pliers|pen|CapableOf|to paint
falcon|eagle|IsA|sea bird
tap|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
nurse|worker|UsedFor|food
bike|car|UsedFor|water
bolts|tape|CapableOf|provide water
ceiling|room|IsA|body part
willow|birch|IsA|man made thing
crayon|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for hair
avocado|raspberry|IsA|long fruit
crab|octopus|IsA|fish
trombone|tuba|HasA|keys
camel|pony|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tomato|avocado|IsA|fruit
doctor|man|IsA|family member
olive|lemon|UsedFor|testy
barn|cottage|IsA|religious place
saxophone|harp|HasA|keys
raspberry|pear|HasA|single hard pit
caribou|bison|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
rabbit|mole|IsA|sad
leg|knee|PartOf|upper body
banjo|guitar|CapableOf|be blown into
roof|bar|HasProperty|indoor
cherry|plum|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
jacket|bag|AtLocation|on your upper torso
mole|squirrel|HasProperty|originated from north america
thermometer|skirt|MadeOf|threads
arm|shoulder|HasA|nails
stereo|radio|UsedFor|music related entertainment
necklace|mirror|UsedFor|wearing
cougar|tiger|IsA|type of cat
mink|elk|IsA|mammal
lamb|rabbit|IsA|fruit or vegetable
duck|rabbit|IsA|n animal
tomato|coconut|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
cottage|bedroom|IsA|red home
room|ceiling|PartOf|a house
barrel|gun|CapableOf|be used in home
arm|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
neck|roof|PartOf|room
onions|corn|HasProperty|green
chicken|asparagus|HasA|fins
dishwasher|fridge|HasProperty|using electricity
wheel|screws|MadeOf|metal
thigh|leg|AtLocation|bottom half of body
boat|scooter|MadeOf|metal
seagull|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
vulture|eagle|HasA|wings
octopus|lobster|AtLocation|on a farm
skunk|otter|MadeOf|green
leg|skin|AtLocation|inside
rope|clamp|UsedFor|restraining things
sailboat|wheel|AtLocation|in there
celery|avocado|HasProperty|green
arm|finger|IsA|body part
wrist|arm|MadeOf|upper body parts
scissors|comb|CapableOf|writing
apartment|bridge|IsA|religious place
uncle|prince|IsA|man
cottage|cabin|HasProperty|made of concrete
worker|nurse|IsA|family member
toaster|kettle|CapableOf|be plugged in
squirrel|rattlesnake|AtLocation|carnivorous
daughter|wife|HasProperty|exclusively female
skirt|necklace|CapableOf|be worn
floor|tower|IsA|part of a building
guitar|cello|MadeOf|strings
bathroom|room|AtLocation|in your apartment
window|ceiling|CapableOf|be used home
candle|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
tank|buggy|AtLocation|in water
mole|groundhog|HasA|hair/fur
spider|squirrel|IsA|plant
bone|elbow|HasA|bones
goat|bison|HasA|fur
soup|bacon|UsedFor|dinner
jeans|pants|HasA|wheel
cousin|woman|IsA|car
lemon|garlic|IsA|vegetable
shoulder|hand|HasProperty|upper body
arm|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
moth|wasp|HasA|walking
elephant|elk|IsA|type of big cat
lemon|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
stereo|mixer|UsedFor|music related entertainment
elk|porcupine|IsA|mammal
scarf|cigarette|MadeOf|/contain glass
pen|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
roof|bathroom|PartOf|body
chisel|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
pen|crayon|MadeOf|only metal
room|roof|IsA|part of a building
ceiling|floor|CapableOf|be opened/closed
orange|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
scissors|brush|MadeOf|writing
grenade|gun|UsedFor|harm
cherry|lime|CapableOf|delicious
squirrel|porcupine|HasA|long ear
plum|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
fan|wheel|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
jeans|jacket|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
piano|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
coconut|lemon|MadeOf|juice making
drill|knife|MadeOf|writing
tape|plug|CapableOf|provide water
octopus|salmon|AtLocation|at sea
brush|crayon|IsA|construction tool
spatula|pliers|CapableOf|writing
yacht|tank|UsedFor|delivering parcels
rabbit|squirrel|HasProperty|four-legged
knife|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
stick|spatula|UsedFor|drawing or painting
girlfriend|worker|UsedFor|transportation
jeep|scooter|UsedFor|land suitable one
muscle|kidney|AtLocation|on the inside
gate|bedroom|IsA|religious place
pony|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
coat|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
rattlesnake|hare|CapableOf|live in water
skateboard|jeep|UsedFor|land suitable one
harmonica|bagpipe|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
clamp|rope|CapableOf|make sound
cupboard|door|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
sofa|door|UsedFor|sleep
peach|banana|IsA|fruit
cat|donkey|UsedFor|food products
yacht|canoe|UsedFor|water
wheelbarrow|dress|IsA|worn on the lower body
caterpillar|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
sandwich|supper|HasProperty|meaty
eye|hair|AtLocation|on head
cupboard|bed|CapableOf|be plumbed in
skunk|rabbit|HasA|long tail
sauce|sugar|UsedFor|dessert
tuna|catfish|IsA|card facing left
wheel|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
coyote|mole|CapableOf|climb trees
worker|woman|UsedFor|food
crayon|brush|HasProperty|cutting
lemon|olive|CapableOf|spices
clarinet|trombone|HasA|keys
cockroach|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
clamp|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
horse|sheep|IsA|carnivore 
ant|caterpillar|IsA|plant
microwave|kettle|IsA|electrical appliance
cabin|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
supper|sandwich|UsedFor|dinner
coat|shirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
cherry|avocado|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
wrist|neck|AtLocation|in your upper body
olive|orange|HasProperty|green
skateboard|raft|HasA|an engine
pigeon|duck|HasProperty|a predator
pliers|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
camel|tiger|UsedFor|eating
wrist|arm|HasProperty|something humans have two of
scooter|tractor|HasA|wheels
wife|boy|IsA|car
garlic|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
lips|mouth|HasProperty|about mouth
plug|tap|CapableOf|make sound
tomato|goat|MadeOf|something edible
microwave|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
saucer|bowl|HasA|the ability to fly
father|mother|HasA|blood relationship with you
screws|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
helicopter|saucer|HasA|wings
cherry|prune|HasA|peel
turtle|ant|CapableOf|walk fast
room|bathroom|CapableOf|be opened/closed
lips|tongue|AtLocation|below mouth
radio|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
skin|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
prince|son|AtLocation|royal meeting room
shoulder|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
goat|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
porcupine|squirrel|CapableOf|climb trees
cat|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
moth|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
finger|fingers|PartOf|house
tape|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
lamp|chandelier|HasProperty|quite small
grenade|gun|IsA|hand-held weapon
shoulder|leg|IsA|joint
wall|curtains|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
lamp|scarf|CapableOf|move
beetle|snail|HasA|wings
finger|forearm|PartOf|the upper body
wheel|plate|PartOf|any of various units of 
father|worker|IsA|car
body|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
oven|microwave|UsedFor|entertainment
clarinet|harpsichord|HasA|keys
mole|raccoon|HasA|horn
falcon|eagle|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
gun|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cherry|raspberry|IsA|red  or orang
coconut|pear|IsA|berry
alligator|coyote|HasA|horn
raft|sailboat|CapableOf|carry multiple people
garlic|cherry|CapableOf|bitter
gorilla|bison|IsA|type of cat
skunk|mink|HasA|horn
hose|plate|CapableOf|be used in home
hose|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
lamb|chicken|MadeOf|something edible
onions|potato|IsA|food
tank|truck|HasProperty|consuming fuel
caribou|deer|HasA|antlers or tusks
wrist|finger|PartOf|upper body
girlfriend|cousin|IsA|family member
wheel|bike|HasA|circular component 
oven|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cigarette|chandelier|HasProperty|makes light
wheel|fan|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
zebra|elephant|HasA|4 legs
barn|bed|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
wasp|moth|IsA|plant
pencil|pen|UsedFor|cutting
beetle|spider|MadeOf|small animals
plum|prune|IsA|red  or orang
man|actress|UsedFor|food
arm|wrist|HasA|nails
inn|gate|HasA|start with a b
bed|bayonet|IsA|man made thing
ankle|elbow|HasA|bones
girl|actress|IsA|car
raccoon|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
faucet|stereo|UsedFor|can your card used home
camel|tiger|IsA|typical pet
mink|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
elephant|spider|IsA|common pet
dishwasher|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
father|cousin|IsA|family
cousin|actress|PartOf|close blood relative
fridge|kettle|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
sandwich|soup|IsA|meat
tape|fan|HasA|a type of metal
avocado|pear|UsedFor|smoothies
cottage|inn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
neck|shoulder|HasA|nails
moth|cat|IsA|colorful 
duck|dove|HasA|large wingspan
flute|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
wife|father|HasProperty|a picture of a female
cabin|inn|HasProperty|a black and white picture
avocado|onions|UsedFor|cleaning
rocket|barrel|UsedFor|bullets
grapefruit|pear|HasA|seed/seeds/pit
whisky|butter|UsedFor|drinking
elbow|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
skin|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
pants|shirt|HasA|wheel
crayon|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
deer|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
flea|beetle|IsA|insect
saxophone|clarinet|HasA|keys
frog|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
nail|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
balloon|bowl|CapableOf|float 
wasp|beetle|IsA|insect
mixer|radio|CapableOf|consume electricity
chicken|duck|HasProperty|furry
forearm|elbow|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
pants|jeans|HasProperty|covering the legs
shrimp|octopus|AtLocation|on a farm
sparrow|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
hand|forearm|IsA|plural
bolts|screws|CapableOf|be launched/fired
wheel|drill|CapableOf|hold water
dress|bag|IsA|worn on the lower body
rope|wheel|MadeOf|paper
sailboat|car|AtLocation|in there
mirror|lantern|MadeOf|glass
girlfriend|doctor|IsA|family member
blood|leg|IsA|organ
saucer|mug|MadeOf|metal
woman|worker|HasA|the color brown in it
elk|groundhog|IsA|predator
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
bison|crocodile|AtLocation|in water
kidney|muscle|AtLocation|inside
stove|oven|IsA|electrical appliance
mixer|clamp|MadeOf|paper
cottage|gate|IsA|religious place
faucet|tape|HasA|string or line
tape|mixer|IsA|digital device
cockroach|cat|HasA|walking
skunk|mole|CapableOf|climb on tree
buffalo|caribou|IsA|predator 
lamp|cigarette|CapableOf|move
frog|moth|IsA|plant
brush|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
buggy|truck|AtLocation|in water
coconut|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
celery|broccoli|UsedFor|cleaning
jeep|scooter|HasA|wheels
salad|bacon|HasA|vegetables
flute|tuba|HasA|keys
grapefruit|banana|IsA|word beginning with p
tent|inn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
boots|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
floor|tower|UsedFor|working with computer
carpet|cupboard|UsedFor|sleep
harp|harmonica|HasA|keys
spider|worm|IsA|slow mover
elephant|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
wife|woman|IsA|female (strictly)
squid|shrimp|IsA|fish
starling|owl|CapableOf|be a household pet
chandelier|lamp|MadeOf|glass
skis|tank|HasA|wheels
spatula|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
orange|lime|IsA|vegetable
crayon|pencil|HasA|bushy tail
harpsichord|harp|HasA|keys
violin|harp|IsA|wind instrument
aunt|doctor|IsA|female
cottage|cabin|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
girlfriend|wife|CapableOf|become pregnant 
hose|magazine|IsA|related to music 
squirrel|porcupine|AtLocation|carnivorous
trombone|trumpet|UsedFor|blowing
curtains|sofa|CapableOf|contain items
lantern|candle|CapableOf|generate light
fingers|arm|HasProperty|related with hand
caterpillar|frog|CapableOf|flying
cousin|son|HasProperty|a family member
apartment|tent|HasA|start with a b
roof|floor|PartOf|body
lamp|candle|HasProperty|makes light
pants|scarf|IsA|home appliance
cupboard|sofa|UsedFor|sleep
plum|pear|PartOf|a red the color of
bed|broom|HasProperty|alive
raspberry|plum|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
bungalow|inn|IsA|permanent structure
bag|jacket|AtLocation|on your upper torso
hose|tape|CapableOf|make sound
squirrel|elk|HasA|hair/fur
curtains|bed|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
squirrel|beaver|HasA|hair/fur
ant|worm|IsA|colorful 
woman|girl|IsA|person
tap|plug|MadeOf|paper
church|cottage|IsA|4 letter word
snail|cockroach|HasProperty|an insect
tape|rope|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
coat|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
foot|forearm|IsA|joint
freezer|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
spider|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
hawk|vulture|HasA|large wing span
window|tower|AtLocation|above your head in general
razor|scissors|IsA|construction tool
microwave|blender|PartOf|kitchen appliance
truck|bike|UsedFor|single person transport
oven|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
duck|chicken|MadeOf|something edible
gun|hose|CapableOf|be used in home
duck|kite|AtLocation|at a beach
squirrel|rabbit|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
tank|jeep|UsedFor|eating
freezer|dishwasher|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
hand|forearm|IsA|specific joint
walls|room|PartOf|human body
hose|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
barn|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
sugar|sandwich|IsA|meat
worm|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
crocodile|alligator|HasA|trunk
clarinet|trumpet|MadeOf|wood
lime|olive|IsA|vegetable
chandelier|candle|UsedFor|lighting
pear|banana|IsA|fruit
mole|raccoon|IsA|herbivore
typewriter|chisel|MadeOf|writing
fingers|finger|HasProperty|part of a pair
caribou|bison|IsA|has horns
hose|fan|CapableOf|make sound
building|bungalow|HasA|start with a b
butterfly|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
liquor|soup|HasProperty|a liquid
hair|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
donkey|cat|CapableOf|be domesticated
horse|pony|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
bedroom|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
shrimp|eel|AtLocation|on a farm
lamb|chicken|AtLocation|in water
rocker|magazine|MadeOf|maybe
tower|window|AtLocation|above your head
whisky|sauce|HasProperty|a liquid
meal|bacon|HasA|meat
plate|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rocker|rock|MadeOf|maybe
rabbit|sheep|AtLocation|pet store
screws|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
trousers|jeans|HasProperty|covering the legs
barn|bungalow|PartOf|set of furniture
deck|floor|IsA|body part
piano|flute|HasA|strings
lamp|mirror|MadeOf|/contain glass
truck|skis|AtLocation|in there
birch|spade|IsA|weapon
tuba|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
pipe|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
man|father|HasProperty|female
skin|liver|HasA|bones
fridge|ladle|CapableOf|hold water
giraffe|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
mink|squirrel|AtLocation|water usually
milk|butter|CapableOf|fry
crayon|typewriter|IsA|metal
plum|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
ant|flea|MadeOf|small animals
wheel|hose|UsedFor|building
wife|cousin|AtLocation|in a castle
yacht|sled|CapableOf|be used on snow
wheel|hose|IsA|electric 
trombone|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
flute|trumpet|HasA|valves
worm|wasp|IsA|insect
clamp|rock|IsA|digital device
blender|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
snail|cat|IsA|colorful 
sugar|chocolate|AtLocation|in the ground
cat|camel|HasProperty|fluffy
onions|goat|MadeOf|something edible
lemon|coconut|HasProperty|sweet
skirt|dress|UsedFor|feet protection
chisel|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
neck|elbow|HasA|more than one joint
daughter|aunt|HasA|blood relation with you
flute|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
pencil|pen|MadeOf|writing
potato|rabbit|CapableOf|eating
accordion|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
hut|tent|HasProperty|for the rich
window|tower|PartOf|room
celery|broccoli|IsA|green vegetable
coyote|hare|PartOf|herd
fingers|thigh|IsA|joint
soup|supper|HasA|vegetable(s)
stick|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
dress|pants|AtLocation|foot
screwdriver|comb|CapableOf|be used for drawing
grapefruit|raspberry|IsA|fruit
groundhog|coyote|IsA|mammal
toe|finger|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
clarinet|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
scooter|skateboard|UsedFor|single person transport
skunk|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
rocket|cannon|IsA|vessel
blender|dishwasher|CapableOf|change temperature of things
faucet|rope|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
rocket|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
pants|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|transporting things
screws|tank|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
tin|metal|IsA|fragile
pear|grapefruit|IsA|long fruit
tongue|nose|HasProperty|used affected during make up
skunk|coyote|PartOf|herd
deer|bison|HasA|horn or antler
dress|sack|IsA|worn on the lower body
girl|mother|HasA|color
dishwasher|kettle|HasA|power supply
paintbrush|stick|HasProperty|cutting
car|buggy|AtLocation|in water
trumpet|bagpipe|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
buggy|wheel|HasA|wheels
radio|wheel|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
neck|roof|PartOf|house
grenade|pistol|CapableOf|be used one-handed
mackerel|cod|HasA|legs
spider|wasp|IsA|colorful 
bar|tower|HasProperty|vertical
ladle|kettle|UsedFor|washing dishes
bolts|rock|IsA|electric 
banjo|accordion|MadeOf|strings
thermometer|chandelier|IsA|home appliance
hose|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
sheep|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
trumpet|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
bike|wheel|AtLocation|in there
caterpillar|ant|HasProperty|typically able to fly
gown|blouse|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
skateboard|wheel|IsA|powered vehicle
father|uncle|HasProperty|a family member
steak|meal|UsedFor|dinner
knife|crayon|CapableOf|print
tape|radio|IsA|digital device
squirrel|porcupine|CapableOf|attack human
lemon|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
spatula|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
skirt|gown|UsedFor|by mainly women
sink|blender|CapableOf|hold water
knife|drill|UsedFor|grooming
princess|aunt|IsA|direct relation
bolts|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
tower|room|PartOf|house
mink|alligator|HasA|horn
beans|corn|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
fan|rock|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
trousers|pants|CapableOf|keep legs warm
toe|finger|PartOf|upper body
rocker|faucet|IsA|digital device
piano|trombone|HasA|reed to make it work
cabin|cottage|PartOf|set of furniture
grapefruit|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
microwave|fan|MadeOf|maybe
mug|bottle|CapableOf|be held to drink
bike|canoe|UsedFor|eating
saxophone|piano|HasA|keys
beans|garlic|IsA|green vegetable
princess|wife|HasA|blood relation with you
hose|rope|MadeOf|metal
rock|plug|MadeOf|metal/steel
crayon|scissors|UsedFor|brushing
crocodile|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
trousers|jeans|UsedFor|feet protection
elk|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
elephant|alligator|HasA|trunk
hand|elbow|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
brother|uncle|IsA|child
coat|dress|MadeOf|threads
bike|truck|UsedFor|water
eagle|vulture|HasProperty|domesticated
ant|spider|HasProperty|typically able to fly
radio|faucet|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
salad|potatoes|UsedFor|recipes 
crab|octopus|HasA|fins
jacket|blouse|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
rope|clamp|IsA|digital device
lemon|olive|IsA|fruit
mirror|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
sugar|potatoes|UsedFor|recipes 
stereo|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
caterpillar|beetle|CapableOf|flying
tray|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
gun|tank|UsedFor|work
son|father|IsA|family
beaver|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
lime|lemon|IsA|fruit
bowl|saucer|IsA| mode of transportation 
coconut|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
boots|pants|PartOf|pair
window|neck|PartOf|house
elk|mink|CapableOf|live in water
banana|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
drill|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
skateboard|boat|UsedFor|eating
saxophone|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
hair|liver|HasA|bones
girlfriend|wife|HasProperty|a picture of a female
yacht|boat|AtLocation|in water
fridge|kettle|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
hose|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
robe|skirt|HasProperty|something that is worn
rope|tape|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
hand|finger|PartOf|body
mother|woman|HasProperty|a female
cabin|bungalow|IsA|religious place
vulture|falcon|UsedFor|a national symbol
grenade|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
rocker|fan|HasA|a type of metal
onions|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable 
liquor|whisky|IsA|diary food
salmon|lobster|HasA|red shell when cooked
cherry|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
knife|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
groundhog|mink|IsA|herbivore
caterpillar|spider|HasA|walking
dog|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
squirrel|turtle|IsA|reptile
camel|crocodile|HasA|antlers/tusks
apartment|cabin|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
jeans|pants|UsedFor|covering legs
cannon|rope|IsA|vessel
rope|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
barrel|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
stove|toaster|CapableOf|be plugged in
lemon|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
drill|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
bed|broom|IsA|man made item
knee|toe|HasProperty|lower body
ox|elephant|IsA|specific type of deer
boots|skirt|CapableOf|keep legs warm
nurse|actress|HasProperty|royalty
goat|cow|IsA|typical pet
butter|sugar|MadeOf|several ingredients
cougar|crocodile|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
buggy|car|CapableOf|carry multiple people
wheelbarrow|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
crayon|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
leg|nail|AtLocation|on head
bag|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
wife|mother|IsA|immediate relation with you
pigeon|dove|HasA|large wingspan
stick|typewriter|UsedFor|hair
cat|rattlesnake|AtLocation|nature
deer|fawn|UsedFor|pulling santa's sleigh
floor|room|HasProperty|vertical
grenade|rocket|UsedFor|firing artillery
tap|rope|IsA|mostly black in colour
wheel|strainer|CapableOf|destroy a building
doctor|princess|IsA|car
cottage|house|IsA|permanent structure
skunk|mink|IsA|mink
cigarette|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
hare|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
razor|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
pen|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
birch|bed|IsA|weapon 
door|cupboard|CapableOf|be used to sleep
squirrel|rabbit|IsA|otter
squid|catfish|AtLocation|at sea
elbow|fingers|PartOf|upper body
cupboard|door|UsedFor|heating items up
shirt|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
horse|sheep|AtLocation|on a farm 
groundhog|hare|CapableOf|be held 
elk|coyote|IsA|herbivore
milk|soup|IsA|liquid
cousin|father|CapableOf|be a lady
hand|forearm|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
squid|crab|IsA|fish
bolts|clamp|IsA|related to music 
skis|skateboard|HasA|an engine
caribou|camel|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
tiger|cat|HasProperty|fluffy
frog|deer|AtLocation|jungle
coconut|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
sandwich|meal|HasProperty|a single item
floor|bathroom|PartOf|building
caterpillar|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
hare|alligator|HasA|horn
bison|camel|IsA|typical pet
foot|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
trombone|trumpet|IsA|brass instrument
nurse|actress|IsA|male
potatoes|salad|IsA|meat
scissors|chisel|PartOf|drawing
beetle|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
fan|microwave|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
worm|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
milk|butter|MadeOf|several ingredients
whisky|butter|IsA|alcohol
cranberry|prune|IsA|physical fruit or veg
lime|orange|CapableOf|delicious
boat|skis|CapableOf|be used in snow
cottage|building|HasProperty|for the rich
hose|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
bone|liver|AtLocation|on the inside
screws|tank|UsedFor|shooting
garlic|plum|HasProperty|yellow
deer|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
screws|drill|CapableOf|used in war
neck|arm|IsA|part of a building
worm|moth|HasA|walking
bed|bayonet|IsA|tree
tiger|camel|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
cousin|mother|HasA|a blood relation with you
alligator|snail|HasA|four feet
cat|dog|UsedFor|food products
inn|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
father|man|HasProperty|female
socks|bag|HasA|sleeves
church|bed|IsA|permanent structure
tiger|rabbit|IsA|teeth
wrist|arm|HasProperty|upper body
sofa|carpet|UsedFor|sleep
bagpipe|clarinet|HasA|keys
rifle|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
rocker|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
elephant|squirrel|HasProperty|four-legged
tiger|cart|IsA|herbivore
pine|bed|IsA|tool
kettle|mug|HasA|handle
wasp|ant|IsA|plant
elephant|squirrel|IsA|reptile
olive|orange|CapableOf|bitter
colander|ladle|UsedFor|stirring
microwave|blender|UsedFor|making food
magazine|plug|IsA|related to music 
potatoes|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
pen|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
stick|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
wasp|cat|IsA|plant
caribou|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
drill|cannon|IsA|vessel
fingers|finger|PartOf|pair
rocket|bolts|CapableOf|transport liquids
raspberry|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
airplane|jet|CapableOf|fly
hose|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
mackerel|trout|IsA|name begging with c
girl|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
paintbrush|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
drill|brush|HasA|sharp edge
ankle|toe|IsA|part of the skeleton
skunk|rabbit|HasA|hair/fur
cranberry|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
groundhog|skunk|HasA|long ears
rattlesnake|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
house|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
magazine|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
knee|knees|PartOf|lower body
skirt|blouse|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
wheel|plate|MadeOf|metal/steel
canoe|sailboat|CapableOf|roll
camel|giraffe|HasA|hooves
dove|woodpecker|CapableOf|be a household pet
crayon|pen|UsedFor|driving screws
candle|lamp|CapableOf|use a lightbulb
wall|door|CapableOf|be sat on
paintbrush|scissors|PartOf|what is the name of 
cannon|gun|IsA|weapon
hose|wheel|HasA|a type of metal
raccoon|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
mole|porcupine|IsA|predator
tap|tape|UsedFor|entertainment
olive|lemon|CapableOf|bitter
ant|cockroach|HasA|wings
salad|supper|HasProperty|smaller than your thumb
shoes|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
pigeon|vulture|AtLocation|at a beach
deer|dog|AtLocation|pet store
tray|wheel|AtLocation|at home
parakeet|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
screws|wheel|AtLocation|at home
salad|steak|IsA|diary food
screwdriver|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
broom|willow|IsA|weapon
sauce|meat|AtLocation|in the ground
tap|radio|CapableOf|be turned on
dress|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
rock|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
sparrow|stork|CapableOf|be a household pet
sofa|curtains|MadeOf|wood typically
zebra|shrimp|IsA|fish
tower|window|PartOf|human body
flute|clarinet|PartOf|strings
wheel|barrel|HasA|round shape
crayon|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
trousers|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
kettle|dishwasher|CapableOf|hold water
hair|nail|PartOf|the images displayed
camel|elephant|UsedFor|riding
pencil|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
girlfriend|mother|HasProperty|female
tank|rope|CapableOf|transport liquids
helicopter|airplane|AtLocation|in the air
salad|bacon|HasProperty|eaten for breakfast
uncle|daughter|IsA|title
daughter|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
microwave|fan|MadeOf|steel
spider|snail|HasProperty|an insect
wheelbarrow|shirt|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
walls|tower|HasProperty|typically vertical
otter|mole|HasA|big ears
bacon|soup|HasA|vegetables
cigarette|candle|CapableOf|give off light/glow
knee|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
drill|pliers|MadeOf|writing
plate|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
bison|buffalo|HasA|horn or antler
lamb|rabbit|IsA|meat or animal
hair|nail|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
skateboard|skis|UsedFor|single person transport
beaver|mink|AtLocation|underground
worker|princess|HasProperty|a picture of a female
jeans|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
typewriter|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
pineapple|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
tape|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
nurse|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
sheep|horse|HasProperty|fluffy
truck|car|UsedFor|water
cheese|lime|UsedFor|testy
rope|tape|UsedFor|can your card used home
hose|drill|IsA|firearm
chandelier|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
raccoon|mole|CapableOf|be held 
paintbrush|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
room|floor|HasProperty|vertical
tap|bolts|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
grenade|tank|HasProperty|tiger
bedroom|barn|IsA|religious place
dress|jacket|UsedFor|warming upper body
garlic|cranberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
roof|leg|PartOf|house
tower|walls|HasProperty|indoor
bike|wheel|HasA|wheels
elephant|deer|HasA|antlers or tusks
cannon|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
donkey|pony|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
toe|hand|PartOf|the upper body
grapefruit|banana|PartOf|a red the color of
spatula|typewriter|UsedFor|hair
pineapple|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
floor|tower|UsedFor|decoration
trombone|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
coconut|plum|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
onions|corn|IsA|green vegetable
finger|hand|AtLocation|in your upper body
prune|cherry|HasA|edible skin
tank|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
bolts|drill|IsA|vessel
thigh|foot|HasProperty|upper body
screws|plate|CapableOf|use electricity
skis|jeep|AtLocation|in water
lips|nose|AtLocation|below mouth
pliers|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
grenade|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
buffalo|zebra|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
cherry|olive|HasProperty|green
trumpet|bagpipe|HasA|strings
bolts|plug|HasA|a type of metal
knee|forearm|IsA|plural
man|girl|HasA|head
piano|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
corn|avocado|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
mirror|lantern|UsedFor|wearing
rocker|rock|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
toaster|oven|UsedFor|making food
whisky|liquor|HasProperty|a liquid
saxophone|tuba|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
scarf|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
kite|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
hyena|cougar|HasA|antler
brush|spatula|HasA|sharp edge
necklace|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
avocado|banana|IsA|physical fruit or veg
cranberry|garlic|HasA|usually inedible skin
rabbit|elephant|IsA|household pet
brush|comb|MadeOf|writing
gorilla|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
coconut|garlic|UsedFor|testy
elephant|cougar|HasA|antler
chandelier|mirror|CapableOf|be set alight with match
pliers|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
house|gate|HasA| 5 letters or less
ship|saucer|AtLocation|in the air
frog|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
rock|rocker|MadeOf|metal
tap|mixer|CapableOf|be turned on
rope|radio|CapableOf|provide water
spatula|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
girl|princess|HasProperty|exclusively female
pipe|wheel|CapableOf|use electricity
porcupine|rabbit|HasA|horn
mother|sister|AtLocation|in a castle
leg|neck|IsA|part of a building
faucet|tap|UsedFor|can your card used home
kettle|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bedroom|sofa|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
rocket|cannon|HasA|trigger
deck|roof|PartOf|body
drill|wheel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
finger|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
prince|brother|IsA|son of your grandpa
gate|house|UsedFor|religious gatherings
cousin|girlfriend|IsA|car
bathroom|arm|PartOf|house
microwave|toaster|CapableOf|hold water
pencil|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
toe|leg|IsA|organ
dog|goat|AtLocation|pet store
wife|actress|IsA|family member
toe|neck|HasProperty|something humans have two of
pear|plum|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
eel|mackerel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
deer|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
horse|dog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
skunk|squirrel|HasA|horn
grenade|gun|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
building|bridge|HasA|start with a b
kite|duck|AtLocation|at a beach
plate|pipe|IsA|vessel
lemon|olive|HasProperty|green
coat|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
bison|cougar|HasA|antler
leg|arm|PartOf|room
drill|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
girl|nurse|IsA|head
girl|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
oak|bed|MadeOf|one or more rooms
worker|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
boy|father|IsA|car
pen|crayon|UsedFor|drawing or painting
grenade|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
actress|princess|HasProperty|exclusively female
cheese|lime|MadeOf|juice making
wrist|shoulder|HasProperty|something humans have two of
camel|zebra|HasA|4 legs
hare|mole|AtLocation|carnivorous
grapefruit|pear|IsA|fruit
moth|wasp|IsA|bug
olive|lemon|IsA|vegetable
uncle|brother|HasProperty|a family member
floor|finger|PartOf|house
ankle|knees|PartOf|the upper body
father|uncle|IsA|family
spider|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
coconut|garlic|CapableOf|delicious
jacket|cloak|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
avocado|banana|HasA|edible skin (usually)
banana|raspberry|HasA|stone 
rocket|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
sister|princess|HasProperty|older than you
scissors|pen|CapableOf|print
mackerel|eel|HasA|fins
skirt|blouse|UsedFor|wearing
dog|frog|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
deer|dog|UsedFor|riding
cow|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
spider|cockroach|IsA|insect
buggy|skis|AtLocation|in there
garlic|celery|UsedFor|meat replacement
fingers|forearm|MadeOf|a whole body part
wheel|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
tractor|truck|UsedFor|eating
screwdriver|paintbrush|AtLocation|construction site
typewriter|razor|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
rope|mixer|AtLocation|kitchen
raspberry|pear|IsA|more than one fruit
doctor|woman|IsA|male
elk|mink|IsA|herbivore
flea|spider|IsA|insect
wrist|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
onions|tomato|IsA|meat or animal
wheel|tape|UsedFor|entertainment
tap|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
walls|tower|IsA|part of a building
salad|butter|IsA|colour red
avocado|grapefruit|HasA|seed/seeds/pit
pot|mug|MadeOf|ceramic materials
goat|cat|CapableOf|be domesticated
rope|hose|UsedFor|building
radio|mixer|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
wheel|plug|CapableOf|make sound
lamb|goat|HasProperty|furry
perch|cod|HasA|legs/tentacles 
olive|lemon|PartOf|eating
beer|liquor|HasProperty|a liquid
wine|bacon|IsA|diary food
frog|worm|PartOf|water
scissors|stick|CapableOf|print
banana|prune|PartOf|group or bunch 
freezer|toilet|CapableOf|be plumbed in
elephant|horse|HasA|fur
harp|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
pliers|drill|HasProperty|cutting
stove|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
potatoes|chocolate|UsedFor|desserts
barrel|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
rocker|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
elbow|fingers|PartOf|lower body
ceiling|roof|CapableOf|be opened/closed
chandelier|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
skis|skateboard|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
steak|bacon|HasProperty|a single item
bison|cow|HasA|hooves
door|carpet|UsedFor|sleep
rabbit|deer|CapableOf|live in water
leopard|hyena|IsA|has horns
squirrel|beaver|HasProperty|originated from north america
perch|mackerel|HasA|fins
father|man|IsA|professional
banjo|guitar|MadeOf|strings
toe|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
broccoli|pepper|IsA|fruit
walls|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head
cat|dog|UsedFor|riding
trousers|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
liver|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
typewriter|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
dog|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
elbow|finger|PartOf|the upper body
rattlesnake|alligator|IsA|mammal
mirror|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
kidney|eye|AtLocation|inside
tray|plate|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
goat|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
worm|ant|CapableOf|flying
groundhog|beaver|AtLocation|carnivorous
magazine|rocker|MadeOf|steel
flea|butterfly|HasProperty|an insect
barrel|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
kettle|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
drill|brush|CapableOf|print
hand|neck|IsA|plural
corn|onions|IsA|vegetable
hawk|eagle|IsA|alive 
pencil|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
woman|wife|IsA|female
screws|plate|CapableOf|used in war
fridge|blender|HasA|electrical parts
mole|otter|IsA|animal with long ears
raft|canoe|HasA|motor
bagpipe|clarinet|IsA|wind instrument
boots|pants|AtLocation|on lower body
fan|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
snail|turtle|IsA|insect
squirrel|rabbit|HasProperty|four-legged
celery|corn|UsedFor|meat replacement
alligator|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bathroom|roof|IsA|body part
rattlesnake|cat|CapableOf|flying
frog|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
bean|sandwich|HasA|vegetables
father|boy|IsA|car
pants|boots|PartOf|lower waistline
garlic|olive|MadeOf|juice making
camel|elk|IsA|violent creature
plug|rock|MadeOf|metal/steel
banjo|piano|IsA|instrument
scissors|screwdriver|PartOf|what is the name of 
radio|stereo|UsedFor|electronic uses
mole|squirrel|AtLocation|carnivorous
actress|worker|IsA|female
spatula|stick|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
wife|aunt|IsA|female
strawberry|pear|IsA|fruit
rocker|rock|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
eye|blood|IsA|cancer related card
trousers|jeans|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
pistol|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
rope|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
hare|squirrel|MadeOf|green
corn|onions|HasProperty|yellow or orange
crayon|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
inn|building|IsA|permanent structure
rifle|barrel|UsedFor|firing artillery
spoon|ladle|UsedFor|washing dishes
arm|elbow|HasProperty|something humans have two of
wasp|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
cabin|barn|AtLocation|at your home
jeans|dress|HasA|sleeves
brush|pencil|AtLocation|construction site
trousers|pants|HasProperty|worn below the waist
drill|pipe|UsedFor|harm
zebra|cod|HasA|red shell when cooked
rabbit|camel|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
sauce|butter|UsedFor|desserts
banjo|tuba|MadeOf|strings
coconut|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
faucet|stereo|AtLocation|kitchen
giraffe|horse|AtLocation|in africa
elephant|cow|HasA|eating
coyote|mole|CapableOf|live in water
octopus|perch|AtLocation|on a farm
wasp|ant|MadeOf|small animals
skunk|beaver|IsA|predator
inn|tent|HasProperty|for the rich
rocket|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
knees|thigh|PartOf|lower body
shoes|trousers|HasA|sleeves
beaver|groundhog|IsA|mammal
corn|onions|UsedFor|meat replacement
leg|thigh|IsA|joint
man|mother|UsedFor|food
actress|aunt|HasProperty|male
walls|floor|HasProperty|an enclosed space
blood|nail|IsA|organ
cranberry|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
banana|pear|HasProperty|red
rifle|pistol|HasProperty|made for violence
house|cabin|HasA| 5 letters or less
pistol|screws|IsA|vessel
shirt|coat|HasProperty|worn below the waist
trousers|jacket|UsedFor|transporting things
razor|pen|HasProperty|cutting
butter|salad|AtLocation|in the ground
rocket|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
fridge|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
knife|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
scissors|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
clamp|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
pants|jeans|HasA|wheel
shoulder|ankle|CapableOf|carrying objects
spatula|drill|UsedFor|grooming
plum|prune|HasA|stone inside
drill|hose|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
crocodile|sheep|HasA|fur
clamp|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
razor|drill|CapableOf|print
chisel|pliers|IsA|construction tool
scissors|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing
drill|screws|UsedFor|restraining things
shield|banner|IsA|logo
ladle|blender|CapableOf|hold water
perch|tuna|IsA|fish
elbow|eye|HasA|bones
grapefruit|prune|UsedFor|smoothies
hair|eye|AtLocation|on you head
princess|cousin|IsA|female
goat|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
guitar|flute|MadeOf|metal
oven|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
nurse|doctor|IsA|female
buffalo|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
skis|sailboat|UsedFor|eating
porcupine|skunk|AtLocation|on tree
sauce|chocolate|MadeOf|cup
deer|beaver|IsA|predator
rock|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
jacket|coat|HasProperty|usually worn as outer layer
strawberry|cranberry|IsA|fruit
plum|banana|IsA|fruit
trousers|jacket|IsA|typically female clothing item
snail|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
salmon|cod|HasA|legs
hand|shoulder|UsedFor|holding an apple
dishwasher|oven|PartOf|kitchen appliance
typewriter|paintbrush|UsedFor|containing livestock
goat|frog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
banana|peach|UsedFor|smoothie
gun|pistol|IsA|firearm
barrel|cannon|IsA|firearm
tank|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
worker|girlfriend|IsA|car
pelican|falcon|CapableOf|fly
rock|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
rock|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
coyote|beaver|HasA|hooves
corn|pepper|HasProperty|green
scissors|drill|PartOf|drawing
tongue|mouth|PartOf|makeup regimen
elk|ox|MadeOf|a living thing
doctor|girlfriend|IsA|car
buffalo|cougar|IsA|type of cat
butterfly|flea|IsA|insect
ant|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
magazine|rocker|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
shirt|trousers|UsedFor|transporting things
inn|hut|IsA|place of worship
thermometer|necklace|MadeOf|threads
neck|arm|PartOf|human body
spatula|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
tape|plug|MadeOf|paper
neck|hand|HasA|less than three joints
broom|bed|IsA|man made item
prune|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
rocket|plate|CapableOf|store or transport water
scooter|bike|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
tray|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
aunt|mother|PartOf|your family
screwdriver|crayon|HasA|bushy tail
soup|sandwich|HasProperty|meaty
coconut|strawberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
boots|jeans|HasA|sleeves
caterpillar|beetle|IsA|slow mover
octopus|shrimp|HasA|legs
avocado|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
scarf|necklace|UsedFor|providing light
wall|sofa|UsedFor|storage
peach|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
celery|broccoli|IsA|purple vegetable
perch|shrimp|AtLocation|at sea
gorilla|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
aunt|mother|HasA|child
rattlesnake|flea|CapableOf|flying
mixer|rock|UsedFor|entertainment
banana|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
skunk|raccoon|IsA|herbivore
pencil|scissors|UsedFor|driving screws
ceiling|walls|HasA|diagram on it
church|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
rope|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
hose|plate|UsedFor|building
saxophone|clarinet|CapableOf|be played with mouth
wheelbarrow|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
nail|arm|AtLocation|inside
dress|pants|UsedFor|wearing
avocado|grapefruit|PartOf|a red the color of
cabin|house|IsA|permanent structure
wheel|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
vulture|falcon|IsA|bird of prey
plug|clamp|UsedFor|entertainment
milk|soup|HasProperty|alcoholic
cat|frog|IsA|plant
crocodile|elephant|AtLocation|in africa
tape|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
hyena|gorilla|IsA|has horns
gate|cabin|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
drill|razor|HasProperty|cutting
drill|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
steak|soup|MadeOf|meat
ceiling|bathroom|PartOf|building
trumpet|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
clarinet|trumpet|HasA|strings
comb|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
fridge|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
room|roof|PartOf|human body
plum|cranberry|HasA|edible skin
bagpipe|trombone|MadeOf|strings
coconut|avocado|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
room|bathroom|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
bolts|drill|CapableOf|be launched/fired
goat|sheep|HasA| mane (hair on it)
gun|rifle|UsedFor|firing artillery
pony|camel|IsA|something a farmer would own
tank|truck|UsedFor|farming
squirrel|hare|HasA|big ears
wheel|skis|IsA|powered vehicle
scarf|pants|IsA|home appliance
garlic|corn|UsedFor|meat replacement
pony|deer|IsA|teeth
spear|broom|HasProperty|alive
sailboat|canoe|HasA|wheels
plug|mixer|IsA|electronic device
squirrel|deer|IsA|predator
gun|shotgun|HasProperty|tiger
coyote|rattlesnake|CapableOf|attack human
rock|bolts|MadeOf|paper
peach|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
trumpet|saxophone|IsA|brass instrument
typewriter|crayon|PartOf|what is the name of 
asparagus|salmon|IsA|mollusk
jacket|coat|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
camel|sheep|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
skunk|groundhog|HasA|long ears
tray|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
mouth|neck|HasProperty|used affected during make up
hare|raccoon|HasA|hooves
rabbit|deer|IsA|carnivore 
avocado|banana|IsA|red  or orang
tractor|jeep|UsedFor|land suitable one
tape|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
spatula|typewriter|CapableOf|print
cello|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
bathroom|bar|PartOf|body
plug|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
butterfly|snail|HasA|no legs
dress|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
otter|mole|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
mole|skunk|CapableOf|attack human
neck|wrist|PartOf|lower body
squirrel|skunk|MadeOf|green
cherry|raspberry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
rocker|microwave|UsedFor|keeping things cool
dress|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
squirrel|rabbit|HasA|hair/fur
pelican|kite|CapableOf|fly
girlfriend|woman|HasProperty|exclusively female
radio|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
leg|knees|PartOf|the upper body
hand|neck|AtLocation|below waist
whisky|beer|HasProperty|alcoholic
chisel|drill|MadeOf|leather
beetle|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
beaver|squirrel|IsA|mammal
rabbit|cat|CapableOf|kill a human
shoes|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
mother|girlfriend|PartOf|hospital staff
raccoon|otter|HasProperty|4 letters long
knife|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
ceiling|fingers|PartOf|house
bolts|faucet|PartOf|tire
dishwasher|fridge|IsA|larger than a child
mirror|clock|CapableOf|be worn
banjo|piano|HasA|strings
mole|rabbit|IsA|otter
cow|elephant|HasProperty|four-legged
house|apartment|IsA|relatively small
floor|window|AtLocation|in your apartment
leopard|crocodile|IsA|has horns
wife|princess|PartOf|close blood relative
brother|cousin|IsA|man
hawk|falcon|HasA|large wing span
garlic|orange|CapableOf|spices
shoulder|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
tower|ceiling|PartOf|house
fridge|tray|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
hut|inn|IsA|component of a home
hare|coyote|HasA|hair/fur
brush|pencil|MadeOf|writing
avocado|pear|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
peach|cherry|IsA|red  or orang
bacon|bean|UsedFor|dinner
trout|octopus|IsA|water animal
crayon|knife|CapableOf|be used for hair
raspberry|cranberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
blender|oven|UsedFor|making food
cabin|gate|HasA| 5 letters or less
snail|elephant|CapableOf|be found in the water
squirrel|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
wheel|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
butterfly|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
kettle|ladle|CapableOf|be held in your hand
beetle|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
girlfriend|wife|HasProperty|royalty
banana|pear|HasA|single hard pit
magazine|plug|CapableOf|be turned on
goat|pony|HasA|hooves
door|curtains|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
stove|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
horse|dog|CapableOf|be domesticated
walls|ceiling|PartOf|a house
skunk|raccoon|HasA|hair/fur
rope|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
door|curtains|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
leg|knees|AtLocation|on lower body
comb|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
sheep|tiger|HasProperty|fluffy
bone|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
fan|rock|IsA|digital device
neck|finger|HasProperty|something humans have two of
bolts|screws|CapableOf|be held in hands
frog|cat|HasA|eating
barrel|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
bungalow|house|AtLocation|at your home
garlic|coconut|UsedFor|testy
walls|tower|AtLocation|above your head in general
tiger|cheetah|IsA|like a cat
salad|bacon|HasProperty|two syllables
cockroach|ant|IsA|plant
freezer|sink|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
hut|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
bathroom|ceiling|PartOf|house
crayon|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
rope|hose|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
wheel|scooter|MadeOf|metal
lemon|coconut|HasProperty|green
magazine|fridge|UsedFor|keeping things cool
balloon|boat|IsA| mode of transportation 
worker|woman|IsA|job or profession
butter|potatoes|UsedFor|dessert
wasp|moth|HasA|wings
tape|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
screwdriver|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
sandwich|meal|UsedFor|dinner
pencil|pen|UsedFor|grooming
groundhog|deer|HasA|hair/fur
rattlesnake|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
strainer|wheel|AtLocation|on car
zebra|elk|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
plug|rock|CapableOf|provide water
buzzard|starling|HasA|large wing span
boat|scooter|AtLocation|in there
brush|stick|MadeOf|writing
apartment|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
pliers|pen|UsedFor|grooming
grenade|rifle|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
barn|building|IsA|permanent structure
scarf|necklace|AtLocation|on neck
pear|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
falcon|pigeon|HasA|start with a p
garlic|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
turtle|frog|AtLocation|nature
gown|jeans|AtLocation|above the feet
raspberry|cherry|HasA|big seed
girlfriend|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
lantern|chandelier|CapableOf|be set alight with match
pliers|paintbrush|AtLocation|construction site
lobster|squid|IsA|fish
deer|cat|UsedFor|riding
starling|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
woman|aunt|HasProperty|male
boat|yacht|UsedFor|riding on water
drill|pencil|PartOf|drawing
lemon|olive|CapableOf|bitter
shirt|blouse|HasProperty|worn below the waist
giraffe|cart|UsedFor|broadcast
grenade|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
elk|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
wheel|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
floor|bathroom|PartOf|another card 
fan|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
raccoon|groundhog|AtLocation|on tree
rock|rocker|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
lamp|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
sailboat|raft|HasProperty|usually a large size
fan|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
muscle|bone|AtLocation|on the inside
donkey|bison|HasProperty|fluffy
man|boy|HasProperty|female
chisel|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
finger|wrist|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
coconut|peach|HasProperty|yellow
celery|broccoli|IsA|vegetable
chicken|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
wrist|neck|UsedFor|holding a cup
lobster|cod|IsA|mollusk
elephant|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
pineapple|strawberry|UsedFor|smoothie
bolts|barrel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
eel|salmon|IsA|name begging with c
liver|eye|AtLocation|inside
pigeon|duck|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
pipe|bolts|UsedFor|daily usage 
leg|knee|IsA|plural
sink|tray|UsedFor|heating items up
wrist|forearm|HasProperty|something humans have two of
dishwasher|door|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
caterpillar|snail|HasA|walking
cat|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
mixer|plug|CapableOf|work without electricity
fridge|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
tank|wheel|PartOf|any of various units of 
shirt|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
wheel|bolts|UsedFor|harm
hair|ankle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cherry|plum|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
tuna|salmon|HasA|legs
rope|wheel|MadeOf|metal
lemon|cherry|HasProperty|green
horse|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
microwave|rock|MadeOf|maybe
hair|leg|AtLocation|inside
nurse|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
trombone|clarinet|HasA|keys
arm|thigh|IsA|joint
garlic|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
muscle|hair|AtLocation|on head
camel|bison|UsedFor|riding
pear|prune|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
frog|sheep|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
dog|rabbit|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
socks|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
tower|walls|CapableOf|be opened/closed
car|tank|UsedFor|farming
pliers|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
frog|snail|HasA|walking
wife|actress|HasA|blood relation with you
bedroom|bridge|HasA|start with a b
banjo|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
rabbit|donkey|IsA|carnivore 
wheel|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
chisel|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
helicopter|saucer|CapableOf|float 
saxophone|guitar|MadeOf|metal
foot|eye|AtLocation|below the knee
cottage|bungalow|UsedFor|human living
faucet|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
deer|pony|IsA|typical pet
girlfriend|nurse|HasProperty|a picture of a female
rabbit|chicken|MadeOf|red
necklace|scarf|UsedFor|a light source
radio|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
spatula|comb|HasA|sharp edge
rope|tape|CapableOf|provide water
faucet|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
cabin|cottage|IsA|religious place
deer|buffalo|HasA|antlers/tusks
girl|worker|IsA|person
forearm|hand|HasProperty|something humans have two of
clarinet|harpsichord|HasA|strings
garlic|raspberry|HasA|stone 
hose|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
rope|tape|IsA|electric 
flea|worm|HasA|walking
elephant|caribou|HasA|horn
window|room|AtLocation|in your apartment
room|tower|MadeOf|wood
wife|woman|PartOf|hospital staff
skirt|pants|IsA|home appliance
actress|boy|IsA|car
fan|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
bungalow|bridge|IsA|religious place
trousers|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
neck|body|IsA|limb
wheel|fan|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
drill|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
leg|neck|PartOf|house
cannon|rocket|CapableOf|be launched/fired
barrel|rocket|HasA|wheels
bagpipe|saxophone|IsA|wind instrument
perch|mackerel|IsA|name begging with c
mirror|scarf|UsedFor|a light source
perch|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
elk|caribou|HasA|antler
salad|meal|MadeOf|meat
cat|camel|IsA|something a farmer would own
stick|razor|IsA|construction tool
dishwasher|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
knife|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
cousin|aunt|IsA|male
cranberry|peach|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
gorilla|crocodile|IsA|predator 
blender|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
oven|magazine|MadeOf|steel
squirrel|mink|CapableOf|climb trees
buffalo|gorilla|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
porcupine|hare|PartOf|herd
church|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
wasp|moth|CapableOf|crawl 
dog|donkey|HasProperty|fluffy
caterpillar|spider|MadeOf|small animals
ladle|colander|UsedFor|washing dishes
bolts|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
elbow|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
cabin|apartment|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
fan|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
grapefruit|prune|IsA|fruit
plate|pipe|PartOf|any of various units of 
pigeon|dove|CapableOf|be a household pet
cat|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
skateboard|scooter|HasA|wheels
pipe|wheel|CapableOf|store or transport water
deer|fawn|AtLocation|carnivorous
walls|bathroom|PartOf|building
cockroach|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
woman|wife|HasA|a blood relation with you
saxophone|harpsichord|HasA|keys
goat|deer|AtLocation|pet store
barn|bungalow|IsA|red home
spatula|pliers|CapableOf|print
buzzard|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
fawn|deer|UsedFor|pulling santa's sleigh
banana|avocado|HasA|edible skin
groundhog|deer|IsA|predator
mirror|lamp|CapableOf|move
crocodile|camel|IsA|like a cat
raccoon|squirrel|IsA|predator
sink|kettle|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
leg|ankle|IsA|part of the skeleton
bean|wine|IsA|diary food
rabbit|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
cranberry|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
sled|raft|HasA|motor
avocado|banana|HasA|edible skin
elbow|wrist|PartOf|the upper body
bathroom|floor|PartOf|human body
elbow|forearm|AtLocation|upper body
toaster|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
wife|actress|UsedFor|transportation
camel|elephant|IsA|object
cockroach|worm|IsA|bug
toaster|dishwasher|IsA|electrical appliance
raccoon|elk|IsA|herbivore
hose|plug|AtLocation|kitchen
rabbit|elephant|HasA|tail
garlic|lime|PartOf|eating
eel|lobster|IsA|black and white
coat|blouse|HasProperty|worn below the waist
robe|blouse|IsA|logo
blender|spoon|CapableOf|hold water
fingers|finger|HasProperty|something people have ten of
room|walls|PartOf|body
truck|buggy|HasProperty|consuming fuel
bolts|screws|IsA|vessel
rocket|bolts|IsA|firearm
caterpillar|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
roof|tower|UsedFor|cooling down
prune|lemon|IsA|physical fruit or veg
screwdriver|drill|UsedFor|crafts
squirrel|cockroach|IsA|plant
pear|avocado|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
pelican|vulture|HasA|wings
boat|canoe|HasA|wheels
tape|bolts|MadeOf|metal
plate|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
socks|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
brush|scissors|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
typewriter|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
hand|wrist|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
chisel|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
bike|tank|HasA|wheels
grapefruit|pear|HasA|single hard pit
plastic|paper|CapableOf|burn
trout|catfish|HasA|legs
mother|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
orange|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
bar|deck|PartOf|human body
ceiling|roof|PartOf|human body
neck|eye|HasA|bones
pony|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
clamp|rope|MadeOf|metal
boy|woman|CapableOf|bear a child
turtle|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
goat|rabbit|IsA|meat or animal
doctor|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
tiger|crocodile|HasA|long neck
skateboard|scooter|CapableOf|carry multiple people
princess|girl|HasProperty|female
candle|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
camel|horse|AtLocation|in africa
toilet|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
plug|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
mink|raccoon|HasA|hooves
skin|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
cheetah|bison|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
camel|sheep|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
sink|colander|CapableOf|make things cold
leg|finger|PartOf|room
barn|cabin|IsA|component of a home
pliers|pen|PartOf|drawing
princess|aunt|IsA|car
grenade|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
fan|clamp|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
eel|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
apartment|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
clamp|wheel|MadeOf|metal/steel
coat|dress|UsedFor|wearing
gown|skirt|AtLocation|above the feet
carpet|sofa|UsedFor|sleep
rock|tap|MadeOf|paper
pot|mug|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
elk|buffalo|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
cheese|cherry|PartOf|eating
fingers|shoulder|MadeOf|upper body parts
magazine|fan|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
piano|flute|IsA|brass instrument
bathroom|window|PartOf|another card 
floor|hand|PartOf|room
trombone|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
fan|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
hare|rabbit|HasA|hooves
boy|woman|IsA|car
sink|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
potatoes|milk|MadeOf|several ingredients
fingers|hand|HasA|more than 1 finger
screwdriver|scissors|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cigarette|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
muscle|blood|AtLocation|on the inside
crab|tuna|IsA|mollusk
tap|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
scooter|wheel|HasA|wheels
freezer|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
harpsichord|trombone|HasA|reed to make it work
cousin|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
car|skateboard|UsedFor|single person transport
leopard|cheetah|IsA|type of big cat
flute|trombone|IsA|wind instrument
banana|plum|IsA|bitter fruit
kite|hawk|IsA|bird of prey
strawberry|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
garlic|cucumber|IsA|fruit
squirrel|frog|IsA|bug
dove|kite|HasProperty|a predator
banjo|clarinet|IsA|brass instrument
truck|tank|HasProperty|consuming fuel
squirrel|otter|AtLocation|water usually
horse|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
rocker|hose|IsA|electric 
razor|knife|CapableOf|to paint
skateboard|scooter|PartOf|bicycle
grapefruit|prune|PartOf|group or bunch 
squid|crab|AtLocation|on a farm
actress|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
church|cathedral|UsedFor|religious gathering
floor|room|AtLocation|above your head
mackerel|eel|IsA|name begging with c
cannon|rope|CapableOf|use electricity
colander|sink|CapableOf|make things cold
pineapple|cherry|IsA|fruit
sparrow|buzzard|CapableOf|be a household pet
butterfly|flea|HasA|walking
dishwasher|sink|UsedFor|washing dishes
turtle|squirrel|IsA|insect
arm|hand|PartOf|human body
chicken|lamb|AtLocation|in water
dress|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
coconut|plum|IsA|red  or orang
rope|wheel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
elbow|forearm|UsedFor|waving
goat|dog|IsA|carnivore
truck|scooter|UsedFor|water
clarinet|tuba|MadeOf|strings
radio|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
potato|duck|MadeOf|something edible
knee|ankle|HasProperty|lower body
spatula|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for hair
bolts|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
turtle|ant|CapableOf|flying
hose|wheel|UsedFor|harm
cupboard|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
jeans|trousers|IsA|piece of clothing
oven|fridge|CapableOf|working
trousers|pants|IsA|piece of clothing
camel|rabbit|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
wheel|stereo|MadeOf|metal
pipe|tank|MadeOf|wood
eagle|vulture|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
ant|beetle|IsA|bug
rabbit|dog|HasA|horn on head
duck|chicken|IsA|n animal
shirt|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
alligator|elephant|HasA|legs
ankle|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
flea|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
shirt|bag|AtLocation|on your upper torso
spider|worm|HasProperty|typically able to fly
tank|grenade|UsedFor|work
bacon|sandwich|HasProperty|eaten for breakfast
flea|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
church|hut|IsA|component of a home
lobster|crab|HasA|red shell when cooked
avocado|celery|IsA|purple vegetable
shotgun|rocket|HasProperty|tiger
arm|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
shoulder|arm|PartOf|upper body
duck|rabbit|IsA|food
accordion|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
microwave|oven|UsedFor|food
banana|raspberry|HasProperty|sweet
worker|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
jacket|skirt|IsA|logo
camel|goat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
chapel|church|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
truck|scooter|HasA|wheels
gun|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
cow|dog|AtLocation|pet store
candle|lantern|HasProperty|makes light
spider|beetle|IsA|plant
horse|sheep|HasA|fur
spider|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
aunt|wife|IsA|younger person
rabbit|horse|AtLocation|pet store
deer|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
zebra|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
cow|rabbit|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
body|kidney|IsA|limb
plum|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
car|truck|IsA|powered vehicle
moth|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
rattlesnake|iguana|CapableOf|go under underwater
floor|arm|PartOf|room
frog|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
chandelier|candle|AtLocation|on neck
squirrel|beaver|CapableOf|climb trees
shoes|socks|PartOf|lower waistline
broccoli|corn|UsedFor|cleaning
hut|barn|IsA|component of a home
asparagus|shrimp|AtLocation|on a farm
prune|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothies
avocado|pear|HasA|yellow color
nail|muscle|HasA|bones
mother|woman|IsA|male
bagpipe|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
king|prince|IsA|family
door|toaster|AtLocation|in the kitchen
raspberry|prune|HasProperty|sweet
catfish|mackerel|HasA|shell
tiger|camel|IsA|predator 
cod|salmon|HasA|legs/tentacles 
deck|bar|AtLocation|above your head in general
squirrel|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
fridge|dishwasher|IsA|appliance
rabbit|tomato|AtLocation|in water
pear|banana|HasA|stone 
fan|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
comb|stick|CapableOf|writing
radio|rocker|UsedFor|food
raccoon|coyote|CapableOf|hunt other animals
bed|tent|AtLocation|at your home
toe|leg|IsA|part of the skeleton
raspberry|banana|IsA|bitter fruit
spoon|bucket|MadeOf|ceramic materials
spoon|colander|IsA|appliance
rattlesnake|alligator|CapableOf|hunt other animals
donkey|frog|UsedFor|food products
bedroom|cabin|MadeOf|one or more rooms
mother|girl|IsA|female
cottage|apartment|IsA|place to live permanently
fawn|elk|IsA|predator
squid|cod|AtLocation|at sea
raspberry|pear|HasA|edible skin (usually)
drill|rocket|IsA|vessel
ankle|elbow|PartOf|an appendage
bed|bedroom|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
cottage|chapel|IsA|permanent structure
crocodile|alligator|HasProperty|dangerous
tomato|lemon|HasProperty|sweet
caribou|elk|IsA|violent creature
bean|soup|HasA|meat
beetle|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
building|cabin|IsA|component of a home
dishwasher|kettle|PartOf|kitchen appliance
caterpillar|ant|CapableOf|flying
crocodile|alligator|IsA|amphibian
roof|walls|IsA|part of a building
muscle|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
barn|inn|IsA|place to live permanently
leopard|tiger|IsA|type of big cat
porcupine|elk|IsA|predator
flea|beetle|HasA|wings
rocker|plug|CapableOf|provide water
floor|bathroom|HasA|diagram on it
yacht|canoe|HasA|wheels
pencil|crayon|UsedFor|drawing or painting
sheep|deer|IsA|carnivore 
eel|octopus|HasA|shell
skunk|squirrel|MadeOf|green
skunk|squirrel|IsA|animal with long ears
plug|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
mole|beaver|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
sack|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
hose|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
pistol|bolts|IsA|vessel
necklace|cigarette|UsedFor|a light source
mother|wife|IsA|profession
raccoon|groundhog|CapableOf|hunt other animals
boat|buggy|MadeOf|metal
screwdriver|scissors|PartOf|what is your name this
deer|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
skunk|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
cranberry|grapefruit|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
cod|eel|HasA|red shell when cooked
brow|tongue|CapableOf| taste
plate|tray|AtLocation|at home
chandelier|clock|CapableOf|be worn
deer|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
leg|neck|PartOf|body
socks|blouse|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
screws|drill|CapableOf|hold water
ant|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
banana|plum|UsedFor|smoothies
tape|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
tiger|camel|HasA|long neck
buggy|tank|AtLocation|in water
eel|mackerel|HasA|name beginning with c
actress|wife|UsedFor|transportation
cherry|olive|CapableOf|delicious
girl|cousin|HasA|a blood relation with you
wife|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
paintbrush|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tower|room|MadeOf|wood
plug|clamp|MadeOf|paper
room|tower|PartOf|garage
elbow|finger|MadeOf|a whole body part
rope|drill|CapableOf|used in war
liquor|whisky|HasProperty|a liquid
hut|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
chapel|gate|UsedFor|relaxing
flea|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
roof|floor|CapableOf|be opened/closed
cougar|cheetah|IsA|has horns
cannon|gun|HasA|caterpillar treads
wheel|bolts|UsedFor|daily usage 
rabbit|hare|MadeOf|green
dress|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
elk|elephant|HasA|antlers or tusks
garlic|raspberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
garlic|corn|HasA|seeds
thigh|wrist|IsA|plural
man|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
pencil|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
deer|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
tomato|lime|IsA|citrus fruit
deer|fawn|HasA|horn
shoulder|arm|IsA|plural
door|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
girl|actress|UsedFor|food
stick|typewriter|HasA|sharp edge
building|inn|IsA|permanent structure
trombone|flute|MadeOf|wood
mother|cousin|PartOf|your family
wheel|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
bedroom|apartment|IsA|red home
wife|daughter|AtLocation|in a castle
rope|faucet|IsA|electronic device
pineapple|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
alligator|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
neck|hand|PartOf|body
falcon|pelican|IsA|dangerous bird
jeans|sack|UsedFor|transporting things
cupboard|door|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
wheel|faucet|MadeOf|metal
cannon|pipe|CapableOf|use electricity
daughter|aunt|HasProperty|a picture of a female
wrist|neck|PartOf|upper body
roof|bathroom|PartOf|room
cabin|bed|IsA|red home
deer|mole|HasA|hair/fur
liver|skin|IsA|limb
truck|tank|AtLocation|in water
faucet|radio|CapableOf|be turned on
yacht|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
mother|nurse|IsA|occupation
actress|wife|AtLocation|in a castle
sandwich|supper|HasProperty|mainly meat
car|bike|UsedFor|snow
pipe|screws|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
jeep|bike|UsedFor|riding on water
ant|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
owl|seagull|CapableOf|be a household pet
rock|fan|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
bag|sack|HasA|sleeves
stove|toaster|IsA|electrical appliance
arm|toe|IsA|limb
skateboard|wheel|CapableOf|roll
wheel|pipe|MadeOf|metal
sink|freezer|UsedFor|making food
trousers|socks|IsA|piece of clothing
tray|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
knife|razor|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
typewriter|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for hair
cabin|inn|IsA|component of a home
rabbit|mole|CapableOf|hunt other animals
shoulder|arm|MadeOf|upper body parts
hare|groundhog|CapableOf|hunt other animals
tomato|duck|MadeOf|something edible
pear|banana|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
girl|wife|IsA|profession
boy|worker|MadeOf|metal
rabbit|hare|AtLocation|carnivorous
oven|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tiger|bison|UsedFor|human transport
tap|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
foot|ankle|HasProperty|lower body
squirrel|cat|HasA|walking
shoes|boots|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
hair|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
kettle|fridge|CapableOf|keep things cold
lantern|scarf|UsedFor|providing light
barrel|wheel|MadeOf|metal
mother|worker|IsA|head
closet|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
gun|pistol|IsA|vessel
spider|cockroach|IsA|plant
hand|arm|MadeOf|a whole body part
muscle|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
rattlesnake|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
piano|guitar|MadeOf|wood
blouse|skirt|HasProperty|worn on the neck
skirt|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
giraffe|camel|IsA|has horns
dove|duck|HasA|large wingspan
wife|aunt|PartOf|your family
fingers|finger|PartOf|house
wall|cupboard|CapableOf|open/close
floor|bar|HasProperty|indoor
ankle|toe|AtLocation|on lower body
neck|hand|IsA|joint
shirt|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
gorilla|cheetah|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
perch|cod|HasA|shell
ankle|body|AtLocation|inside
mouse|spider|HasA|eating
tongue|mouth|IsA|(one of five) human senses
salad|sauce|AtLocation|in the ground
deer|horse|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
milk|wine|HasProperty|a liquid
banana|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
hair|toe|PartOf|the images displayed
zebra|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
pencil|screwdriver|IsA|cuting
tape|hose|MadeOf|metal
kite|stork|HasProperty|a predator
skis|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
knife|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
rocker|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
paintbrush|stick|CapableOf|be used for hair
bed|bedroom|IsA|red home
drill|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
steak|soup|IsA|liquid
skunk|paper|MadeOf|animals or plants
barrel|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
sofa|curtains|MadeOf|wood
cello|piano|HasA|keys
fan|oven|CapableOf|working
porcupine|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
wood|glass|IsA|bottle
stick|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
girlfriend|mother|IsA|male
cupboard|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
chicken|lobster|HasA|fins
muscle|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
salmon|trout|AtLocation|at sea
lantern|mirror|AtLocation|on neck
saxophone|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
rabbit|lamb|HasA|wings
pony|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
skateboard|canoe|HasA|wheels
perch|tuna|IsA|card facing left
bathroom|walls|PartOf|body
deer|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
flea|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
coconut|tomato|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
lime|coconut|HasA|eatable shell or peel
giraffe|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
sailboat|skateboard|HasA|an engine
zebra|horse|IsA|object
mirror|chandelier|IsA|hospital equipment
trousers|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
window|roof|HasProperty|vertical
wheel|drill|HasA|number on it
hand|finger|IsA|body part
beetle|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
crayon|pen|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
neck|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
ship|jet|UsedFor|transportation
door|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
salad|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
nail|arm|IsA|limb
camel|bison|IsA|type of cat
sandwich|salad|IsA|liquid
hose|barrel|CapableOf|contain water
thigh|leg|AtLocation|on lower body
sugar|chocolate|IsA|colour red
camel|tiger|HasA|tail
cigarette|scarf|IsA|home appliance
wife|woman|IsA|female
snail|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
woman|girl|CapableOf|become pregnant 
skateboard|bike|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
girl|worker|IsA|job or profession
plum|pear|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
tap|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
arm|elbow|HasA|nails
nail|hair|HasA|bones
brush|knife|MadeOf|writing
lantern|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
thigh|knee|HasProperty|has five toes
trout|perch|IsA|water animal
room|roof|HasProperty|vertical
chapel|cathedral|UsedFor|religious gathering
muscle|neck|AtLocation|on head
forearm|hand|UsedFor|waving
rock|tape|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
body|elbow|AtLocation|in the torso
barrel|strainer|PartOf|any of various units of 
daughter|sister|HasA|multiple people pictured
worm|spider|MadeOf|small animals
house|bridge|IsA|religious place
balloon|ship|IsA| mode of transportation 
ceiling|bathroom|UsedFor|decoration
cottage|bed|IsA|permanent structure
cannon|wheel|CapableOf|use electricity
sister|wife|IsA|immediate relation with you
meal|salad|MadeOf|meat
supper|sandwich|HasProperty|a single item
drill|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
wheel|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
mother|aunt|PartOf|your family
microwave|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
nurse|girlfriend|IsA|family member
wheel|rock|MadeOf|paper
jet|balloon|AtLocation|in the air
tractor|yacht|HasA|an engine
shoulder|wrist|IsA|specific joint
pen|screwdriver|HasA|bushy tail
woman|princess|HasProperty|exclusively female
hose|plate|UsedFor|daily usage 
hawk|vulture|UsedFor|a national symbol
roof|tower|CapableOf|let in air
banjo|saxophone|HasA|keyboard
pants|shoes|PartOf|lower waistline
salmon|cod|AtLocation|at sea
deer|donkey|AtLocation|jungle
nurse|cousin|IsA|female
spider|snail|HasA|walking
frog|worm|IsA|plant
clarinet|banjo|HasA|keyboard
cat|sheep|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
clarinet|flute|CapableOf|be blown into
camel|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
groundhog|mole|CapableOf|be held 
necklace|scarf|IsA|hospital equipment
cigarette|scarf|MadeOf|metal
plate|wheel|MadeOf|metal/steel
beaver|raccoon|HasA|hooves
plum|cranberry|IsA|fruit
crayon|scissors|PartOf|what is your name this
buffalo|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
microwave|stove|UsedFor|heating items up
screws|barrel|AtLocation|at home
tray|necklace|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
donkey|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
foot|knees|AtLocation|on lower body
doctor|woman|IsA|car
prune|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
beetle|frog|IsA|plant
magazine|rocker|UsedFor|food
inn|hut|IsA|religious place
girl|cousin|IsA|car
lime|lemon|MadeOf|juice making
starling|owl|HasA|large wingspan
father|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
blouse|skirt|UsedFor|wearing
typewriter|stick|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
gorilla|hyena|PartOf|the cat family
horse|cow|HasA| mane (hair on it)
screws|tank|HasProperty|part of a car
mole|rattlesnake|AtLocation|carnivorous
coconut|corn|HasProperty|green
piano|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
vulture|hawk|IsA|sea bird
window|floor|HasA|diagram on it
zebra|crocodile|IsA|type of cat
cousin|prince|IsA|direct relation with you
spatula|razor|UsedFor|crafts
pigeon|eagle|HasA|start with a p
boots|skirt|UsedFor|feet protection
man|mother|HasA|head
ceiling|floor|IsA|part of a building
wife|woman|HasProperty|male
sheep|pony|HasA|horn on head
garlic|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
jeep|sled|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
plastic|wood|CapableOf|burn
shoulder|elbow|UsedFor|walking
bison|camel|IsA|type of big cat
raccoon|rabbit|HasA|horn
dog|goat|UsedFor|riding
wasp|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
mink|porcupine|HasA|long ears
tomato|duck|IsA|food
harpsichord|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
screwdriver|knife|CapableOf|writing
rope|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
gate|tent|IsA|4 letter word
elbow|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
blood|liver|IsA|cancer related card
guitar|banjo|IsA|brass instrument
sheep|pony|AtLocation|jungle
blouse|jacket|HasProperty|worn below the waist
tractor|canoe|UsedFor|eating
porcupine|coyote|HasA|long ear
stove|door|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
potato|onions|AtLocation|in water
whisky|milk|UsedFor|drinking
boat|tractor|MadeOf|metal
cherry|cranberry|IsA|fruit
gown|jacket|AtLocation|on your upper torso
onions|beans|HasProperty|green
brush|pencil|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bolts|hose|MadeOf|paper
thigh|toe|UsedFor|walking
trousers|pants|AtLocation|foot
pen|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cabin|apartment|UsedFor|human living
cockroach|flea|HasA|walking
brother|king|IsA|male
deer|mole|HasProperty|living in water
salad|bean|UsedFor|dinner
wasp|butterfly|IsA|bug
guitar|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
caterpillar|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
door|bed|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
typewriter|screwdriver|UsedFor|cutting
body|skin|CapableOf|help you walk
girlfriend|woman|HasProperty|a picture of a female
crayon|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
cigarette|necklace|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
plum|prune|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
bungalow|building|IsA|place to live permanently
walls|deck|AtLocation|above your head in general
sailboat|buggy|HasA|wheels
dishwasher|colander|CapableOf|make things cold
bison|goat|IsA|typical pet
clamp|hose|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
frog|cow|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
elk|elephant|IsA|has horns
raspberry|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
donkey|bison|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
bungalow|church|IsA|component of a home
avocado|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
drill|screws|UsedFor|building
bean|supper|UsedFor|dinner
plug|clamp|PartOf|tire
grapefruit|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
beetle|ant|IsA|insect
microwave|stove|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
mole|elk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cougar|camel|IsA|predator 
pony|cat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
kettle|microwave|AtLocation|on a countertop
princess|nurse|IsA|male
rocket|pipe|CapableOf|store or transport water
orange|lemon|HasA|usually inedible skin
neck|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
zebra|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
radio|rock|CapableOf|provide water
tuba|banjo|MadeOf|strings
skin|toe|PartOf|the images displayed
shoes|dress|HasA|sleeves
walls|deck|PartOf|room
arm|elbow|HasA|bones
stick|razor|MadeOf|writing
pear|prune|IsA|more than one fruit
screwdriver|pen|PartOf|drawing
cousin|boy|UsedFor|transportation
prince|king|IsA|family
camel|bison|HasA|antlers
tank|car|HasA|an engine
bed|sofa|UsedFor|lighting
jacket|blouse|IsA|worn on the lower body
perch|mackerel|HasA|shell
raspberry|grapefruit|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
mixer|rocker|UsedFor|music related entertainment
building|barn|IsA|component of a home
gorilla|elk|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
avocado|plum|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
snail|caterpillar|HasA|walking
onions|avocado|UsedFor|meat replacement
window|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head
hare|mink|HasProperty|4 letters long
scooter|boat|AtLocation|in there
truck|tractor|HasA|an engine
buggy|truck|UsedFor|farming
knife|razor|CapableOf|to paint
duck|chicken|IsA|animal
skirt|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
avocado|pear|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
blouse|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
tower|bathroom|PartOf|house
skunk|rattlesnake|HasA|long ear
plate|wheel|CapableOf|use electricity
gate|cottage|UsedFor|religious gatherings
seagull|sparrow|CapableOf|be a household pet
lamp|candle|UsedFor|providing light
cottage|inn|HasA|roof
caribou|elk|HasA|antlers/tusks
king|son|IsA|female
lime|cheese|CapableOf|delicious
deer|buffalo|IsA|predator 
mink|elk|HasA|hair/fur
nurse|cousin|HasA|a blood relation with you
comb|brush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
freezer|microwave|IsA|electrical appliance
prune|banana|HasProperty|red
brother|prince|IsA|man
skateboard|truck|AtLocation|in there
chocolate|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
vulture|pigeon|PartOf|wild life
mother|daughter|CapableOf|become pregnant 
orange|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
barn|church|IsA|component of a home
shrimp|zebra|IsA|mollusk
coyote|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
squirrel|groundhog|HasProperty|originated from north america
hare|porcupine|IsA|mammal
leg|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
cheetah|zebra|HasA|horn
arm|finger|PartOf|lower body
daughter|aunt|IsA|family member
tongue|throat|PartOf|makeup regimen
rock|plug|CapableOf|be turned on
bedroom|gate|IsA|religious place
deer|raccoon|HasA|hair/fur
magazine|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
camel|goat|HasProperty|fluffy
princess|cousin|AtLocation|in a castle
coyote|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
guitar|trombone|MadeOf|metal
mother|girl|HasA|a blood relation with you
woman|actress|HasA|pay check
knife|razor|IsA|construction tool
bagpipe|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
muscle|liver|AtLocation|on the inside
caribou|buffalo|IsA|predator 
boat|sailboat|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
typewriter|brush|PartOf|what is the name of 
freezer|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
mink|mole|HasA|big ears
magazine|clamp|CapableOf|be turned on
celery|eggplant|UsedFor|cleaning
jacket|blouse|HasProperty|something that is worn
jacket|blouse|HasProperty|something that can be worn
aunt|daughter|CapableOf|become pregnant 
raccoon|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
perch|shrimp|IsA|water animal
cat|cow|IsA|household pet
hare|rabbit|IsA|herbivore
radio|plug|IsA|electric 
wrist|arm|HasA|nails
falcon|vulture|AtLocation|at a beach
gown|blouse|AtLocation|on your upper torso
saxophone|harmonica|HasA|strings
chapel|church|HasA| place for worship
giraffe|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
closet|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
doctor|cousin|IsA|female
hose|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
octopus|crab|IsA|fish
worm|caterpillar|IsA|crustecean
bathroom|fingers|PartOf|house
bagpipe|tuba|MadeOf|strings
jacket|shirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
falcon|hawk|CapableOf|fly
actress|worker|IsA|occupation
dog|pony|IsA|something a farmer would own
banjo|trumpet|IsA|wind instrument
coyote|squirrel|HasA|horn
hose|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
neck|finger|IsA|pink face feature
foot|thigh|AtLocation|below waist
room|window|AtLocation|above your head in general
olive|cherry|HasProperty|green
spatula|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
hyena|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
raspberry|banana|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
cello|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
ant|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
cockroach|spider|IsA|plant
perch|squid|IsA|water animal
knees|thigh|HasProperty|below the waist 
mackerel|zebra|IsA|mollusk
knee|foot|AtLocation|below waist
camel|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
corn|beans|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
bike|skis|AtLocation|in water
gate|cottage|UsedFor|relaxing
pony|crocodile|AtLocation|jungle
umbrella|robe|IsA|logo
cabin|tent|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
toaster|oven|CapableOf|be plugged in
sofa|wall|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
muscle|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
gorilla|tiger|IsA|has horns
bolts|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
neck|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
eagle|hawk|AtLocation|at a beach
bolts|screws|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
mink|skunk|HasA|big ears
iguana|alligator|HasA|four feet
raspberry|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
candle|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
avocado|onions|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
pencil|crayon|UsedFor|writing
brother|uncle|IsA|parentage relation
peach|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
soup|potatoes|IsA|liquid
nurse|wife|IsA|male
brush|paintbrush|PartOf|what is the name of 
building|apartment|IsA|component of a home
coyote|hare|IsA|mammal
turtle|spider|MadeOf|small animals
raccoon|otter|HasA|big ears
stick|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
scooter|tank|HasA|wheels
skis|wheel|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
princess|aunt|HasProperty|a picture of a female
wheel|rock|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
plum|lemon|UsedFor|smoothie
butterfly|spider|MadeOf|small animals
buggy|truck|HasA|an engine
spatula|pen|IsA|construction tool
snail|spider|HasProperty|an insect
tractor|truck|UsedFor|land suitable one
ceiling|room|HasA|diagram on it
chandelier|thermometer|UsedFor|wearing
hyena|cheetah|IsA|herbivore
boat|raft|UsedFor|riding on water
house|cottage|IsA|religion buildings
clamp|hose|HasA|number on it
bolts|plug|PartOf|tire
accordion|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
rock|tap|UsedFor|a vehicle
neck|hand|AtLocation|upper body
catfish|salmon|IsA|mollusk
screws|wheel|UsedFor|storing wine
avocado|banana|HasProperty|sweet
bolts|wheel|HasA|a type of metal
cougar|buffalo|IsA|has horns
blender|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
arm|fingers|PartOf|house
rocket|pistol|CapableOf|be launched/fired
rock|rocker|CapableOf|make sound
rifle|tank|HasProperty|made for violence
tractor|buggy|UsedFor|land suitable one
sack|socks|HasA|sleeves
shoulder|fingers|PartOf|the upper body
spider|elephant|PartOf|jumping
bathroom|floor|HasProperty|enclosed
crocodile|tiger|HasA|sharp teeth
skateboard|truck|UsedFor|water
lamp|chandelier|CapableOf|give off light/glow
groundhog|squirrel|HasA|horn
scooter|skis|AtLocation|in there
clarinet|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
trousers|jeans|HasA|two seperate pant legs
boat|bike|UsedFor|single person transport
eagle|pigeon|HasA|long beak
coconut|banana|IsA|berry
deer|skunk|IsA|herbivore
wrist|neck|AtLocation|upper body
chisel|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
trousers|socks|HasA|sleeves
frog|turtle|IsA|bug
plate|barrel|AtLocation|at home
pony|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
spatula|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
toe|foot|HasProperty|below the waist 
bison|buffalo|HasA|hooves
butter|sugar|AtLocation|in the ground
gorilla|crocodile|IsA|has horns
groundhog|coyote|IsA|herbivore
groundhog|raccoon|CapableOf|attack human
wasp|spider|HasProperty|an insect
sink|fridge|UsedFor|heating items up
fingers|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
fawn|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
candle|chandelier|HasProperty|makes light
pony|deer|HasA|horn on head
hare|beaver|HasA|horn
walls|ceiling|PartOf|human body
airplane|helicopter|IsA| mode of transportation 
chisel|knife|HasA|sharp edge
prince|father|IsA|direct relation
deer|rabbit|IsA|teeth
ox|elephant|CapableOf|hunt for prey
bean|sandwich|HasProperty|mainly meat
floor|leg|PartOf|room
avocado|broccoli|IsA|purple vegetable
rope|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
deer|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
corn|garlic|HasA|any green on it 
colander|sink|UsedFor|transferring liquids
fawn|deer|HasA|horn
roof|tower|PartOf|human body
giraffe|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
bolts|rope|IsA|related to music 
brush|scissors|HasA|keyboard
cherry|grapefruit|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
boy|princess|UsedFor|transportation
ankle|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
rocker|tape|HasA|a type of metal
rattlesnake|skunk|HasA|long ear
actress|princess|HasA|marital relationship with you
clock|candle|IsA|item of clothing
skunk|squirrel|IsA|predator
oven|dishwasher|CapableOf|be plugged in
butterfly|cockroach|IsA|bug
squirrel|raccoon|CapableOf|climb trees
salmon|trout|HasA|legs/tentacles 
mirror|candle|CapableOf|move
rope|pipe|CapableOf|store or transport water
cranberry|orange|HasA|single hard pit
lamp|necklace|UsedFor|lighting
dress|gown|HasProperty|worn below the waist
caribou|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
rabbit|otter|HasProperty|4 letters long
bison|sheep|HasA| mane (hair on it)
camel|hyena|HasA|horns 
violin|cello|HasA|strings
boat|wheel|MadeOf|metal
ceiling|window|HasProperty|inside wall
bolts|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
skunk|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
rabbit|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
faucet|tape|UsedFor|can your card used home
princess|nurse|HasProperty|male
girl|nurse|IsA|person
sofa|curtains|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
wheel|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
olive|pepper|IsA|fruit
trombone|harpsichord|HasA|strings
elk|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
gate|barn|IsA|permanent structure
garlic|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
wall|curtains|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
nurse|girlfriend|IsA|male
bag|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
bed|door|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
raccoon|mink|HasA|horn
wife|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
orange|olive|MadeOf|juice making
neck|fingers|PartOf|building
coat|gown|HasProperty|a long clothing item
tuna|eel|HasA|red shell when cooked
dress|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
stereo|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
blender|fridge|CapableOf|hold water
toe|elbow|PartOf|the upper body
candle|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
truck|car|UsedFor|land suitable one
balloon|jet|AtLocation|in the air
girl|actress|HasProperty|exclusively female
guitar|trumpet|MadeOf|wood
pencil|typewriter|UsedFor|driving screws
tap|clamp|UsedFor|a vehicle
banjo|harp|MadeOf|strings
stick|razor|PartOf|drawing
elephant|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
fan|plug|UsedFor|entertainment
rabbit|elk|HasA|hair/fur
cranberry|prune|HasProperty|yellow
mirror|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
tower|bathroom|PartOf|room
camel|pony|HasProperty|fluffy
trumpet|flute|HasA|valves
magazine|rock|IsA|related to music 
lemon|olive|HasA|eatable shell or peel
hose|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
wheel|drill|CapableOf|be used in home
duck|stork|HasA|large wing span
finger|toe|IsA|plural
door|sofa|UsedFor|lighting
aunt|mother|HasA|blood relationship with you
bar|roof|HasProperty|indoor
forearm|shoulder|HasA|nails
barn|bungalow|HasA|start with a b
sugar|potatoes|IsA|meat
steak|chocolate|IsA|liquid
rabbit|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
scissors|knife|UsedFor|writing
tower|ceiling|HasA|glass
woman|worker|CapableOf|bear a child
cougar|ox|AtLocation|in asia or africa
wall|sofa|CapableOf|contain items
oven|toaster|IsA|electrical appliance
magazine|rope|IsA|digital device
wall|carpet|MadeOf|wood
actress|nurse|HasProperty|a picture of a female
toaster|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pencil|screwdriver|AtLocation|construction site
clarinet|trombone|MadeOf|wood
car|truck|UsedFor|single person transport
room|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head in general
pineapple|coconut|IsA|fruit
tuba|flute|IsA|wind instrument
banana|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothies
stick|knife|CapableOf|writing
cousin|boy|IsA|male
tape|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
coconut|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
wheel|plug|MadeOf|metal
apartment|bedroom|IsA|religious place
coconut|orange|HasA|usually inedible skin
groundhog|beaver|AtLocation|on tree
mirror|candle|UsedFor|lighting
tower|walls|PartOf|human body
stick|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
porcupine|rabbit|CapableOf|hunt other animals
raccoon|skunk|HasA|horn
drill|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
rock|fan|CapableOf|be use for transportation
house|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
rocket|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
beaver|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
spoon|colander|MadeOf|steel mostly
chocolate|salad|AtLocation|in the ground
drill|wheel|CapableOf|be used in home
caterpillar|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
mackerel|salmon|IsA|name begging with c
squirrel|worm|CapableOf|flying
flea|frog|AtLocation|nature
sofa|bedroom|PartOf|the entrance to a room
radio|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
scooter|jeep|UsedFor|land suitable one
radio|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
bowl|balloon|IsA| mode of transportation 
mug|pot|MadeOf|ceramic materials
rope|tape|MadeOf|metal/steel
pony|crocodile|HasA|fur
catfish|perch|CapableOf|come in a tin
spatula|comb|CapableOf|to paint
rattlesnake|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
cabin|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
church|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
squirrel|elephant|HasA|a shell
room|walls|PartOf|room
tank|skis|UsedFor|land suitable one
bridge|house|UsedFor|religious gatherings
hose|wheel|MadeOf|metal
rocket|shotgun|UsedFor|work
tap|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
banjo|saxophone|MadeOf|wood
tiger|donkey|HasProperty|fluffy
pipe|hose|CapableOf|used in war
skunk|groundhog|CapableOf|attack human
soup|salad|UsedFor|dinner
rattlesnake|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
jeans|trousers|HasA|two seperate pant legs
raspberry|prune|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
wheel|bike|CapableOf|roll
brother|king|IsA|female
leg|hand|PartOf|building
mixer|faucet|IsA| kitchen appliance 
boots|shoes|CapableOf|keep legs warm
wheel|drill|CapableOf|be launched/fired
milk|salad|UsedFor|desserts
gown|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
sailboat|boat|CapableOf|be used on snow
doctor|nurse|IsA|profession
eggplant|corn|IsA|green vegetable
tomato|potato|HasProperty|red
pipe|wheel|HasProperty|circular
coconut|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
sheep|camel|AtLocation|jungle
muscle|body|IsA|limb
pistol|barrel|CapableOf|be used in home
rope|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
aunt|actress|PartOf|close blood relative
hand|wrist|PartOf|upper body
rock|tape|IsA|digital device
bungalow|cottage|IsA|religious place
cheetah|tiger|IsA|has horns
plug|tap|PartOf|tire
barrel|rope|UsedFor|building
floor|walls|HasProperty|touches ground
wheel|plate|CapableOf|use electricity
roof|tower|HasProperty|typically vertical
camel|horse|UsedFor|a mode of transport
duck|hawk|HasA|start with a p
wheel|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
magazine|radio|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
beaver|coyote|HasA|hair/fur
typewriter|crayon|PartOf|drawing
crayon|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
shirt|jacket|IsA|item of clothing
pistol|cannon|CapableOf|used in war
scarf|dress|CapableOf|be worn
hare|elk|IsA|mammal
gown|coat|HasA|long sleeves
deer|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
mouse|spider|CapableOf|jump
father|cousin|AtLocation|in a royal family
magazine|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
accordion|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
wall|bedroom|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
wasp|moth|IsA|colorful 
supper|bacon|MadeOf|meat
typewriter|scissors|IsA|construction tool
screwdriver|pencil|CapableOf|print
avocado|beans|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
cottage|cabin|HasProperty|for the rich
trumpet|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
rock|rope|UsedFor|listening to music
octopus|eel|IsA|water animal
typewriter|pen|PartOf|drawing
walls|window|HasProperty|indoor
squirrel|flea|MadeOf|small animals
skateboard|tractor|UsedFor|land suitable one
chisel|pliers|PartOf|drawing
canoe|raft|MadeOf|metal
father|man|CapableOf|become pregnant 
mackerel|trout|IsA|water animal
clock|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
foot|finger|IsA|joint
chandelier|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
worker|father|HasProperty|a picture of a female
aunt|cousin|IsA|car
tuna|mackerel|IsA|fish
pen|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
typewriter|spatula|AtLocation|construction site
boat|raft|HasA|wheels
bike|skateboard|CapableOf|carry multiple people
snail|cat|HasA|walking
cottage|barn|PartOf|set of furniture
cat|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
vulture|hawk|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
avocado|orange|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
alligator|crocodile|HasProperty|poisonous
pear|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
lamp|chandelier|AtLocation|on neck
forearm|neck|AtLocation|in your upper body
camel|sheep|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
candle|cigarette|CapableOf|move
finger|lips|CapableOf| taste
screws|strainer|HasProperty|part of a car
cow|horse|CapableOf|be domesticated
foot|knee|HasProperty|lower body
salmon|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
hut|house|IsA|permanent structure
mother|girl|MadeOf|metal
goat|rabbit|IsA|typical pet
stick|scissors|UsedFor|writing
leg|neck|HasA|bones
walls|arm|PartOf|house
lamp|necklace|CapableOf|move
horse|cow|UsedFor|food products
wasp|caterpillar|IsA|bug
tuba|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
chisel|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
plate|tray|UsedFor|serving food by waiters
shotgun|rifle|UsedFor|bullets
harp|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
rabbit|mink|HasA|horn
brother|uncle|IsA|female
buzzard|owl|HasA|large wingspan
clamp|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
scarf|necklace|MadeOf|threads
jacket|coat|AtLocation|on your upper torso
alligator|mole|HasA|horn
comb|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
toilet|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
clamp|wheel|UsedFor|entertainment
sheep|camel|IsA|typical pet
spider|frog|IsA|plant
tower|fingers|PartOf|room
squirrel|beaver|IsA|herbivore
avocado|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
magazine|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
apartment|cabin|IsA|red home
bedroom|gate|IsA|permanent structure
doctor|cousin|IsA|male
skirt|necklace|IsA|home appliance
barrel|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
hose|barrel|IsA|firearm
pelican|vulture|IsA|dangerous bird
salmon|octopus|HasA|shell
window|walls|AtLocation|above your head
beaver|squirrel|AtLocation|underground
wheel|hose|UsedFor|shooting
hair|arm|AtLocation|inside
pencil|screwdriver|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
garlic|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
yacht|car|MadeOf|metal
onions|celery|IsA|purple vegetable
donkey|camel|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
whisky|milk|HasProperty|a liquid
kidney|skin|HasA|bones
onions|celery|IsA|vegetable
arm|elbow|IsA|on the lower half 
uncle|cousin|IsA|title
elbow|finger|HasProperty|lower body
kettle|sink|UsedFor|making food
ant|snail|HasA|wings
wasp|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
horse|donkey|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
cherry|banana|UsedFor|smoothies
rocker|radio|UsedFor|food
garlic|eggplant|UsedFor|cleaning
skunk|fawn|IsA|herbivore
rattlesnake|rabbit|AtLocation|underground
car|buggy|CapableOf|hold more than one person
daughter|man|IsA|profession
groundhog|beaver|CapableOf|attack human
spider|elephant|IsA|household pet
zebra|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
cheetah|buffalo|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
fawn|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
salmon|trout|IsA|fish
plug|tap|MadeOf|metal/steel
hyena|elephant|UsedFor|crossing deserts
scooter|bike|MadeOf|metal
cousin|prince|IsA|man
hut|bed|IsA|permanent structure
elbow|ankle|IsA|organ
camel|hyena|MadeOf|a living thing
bar|room|PartOf|human body
stereo|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
cougar|gorilla|HasA|hooves
rock|rocker|UsedFor|a vehicle
skunk|mole|PartOf|herd
tractor|jeep|HasA|wheels
apartment|cottage|HasProperty|a black and white picture
chocolate|sugar|CapableOf|fry
toilet|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
brow|throat|IsA|pink face feature
neck|throat|CapableOf| taste
shoes|boots|AtLocation|on lower body
jeans|boots|CapableOf|keep legs warm
rabbit|elephant|IsA|teeth
pen|crayon|HasA|graphite center
deer|buffalo|HasA|horn
closet|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
father|uncle|AtLocation|in a royal family
ant|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
rabbit|groundhog|CapableOf|hunt other animals
paintbrush|brush|PartOf|what is your name this
bagpipe|harpsichord|HasA|reed to make it work
elbow|neck|IsA|limb
bridge|inn|AtLocation|at your home
finger|hand|HasProperty|related with hand
shrimp|lobster|IsA|fish
moth|cockroach|HasA|walking
tank|wheel|AtLocation|in there
forearm|fingers|MadeOf|a whole body part
arm|fingers|PartOf|body
milk|sauce|HasProperty|a liquid
flute|clarinet|MadeOf|wood
pony|cow|IsA|typical pet
shoulder|arm|UsedFor|holding a cup
boy|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
tomato|orange|IsA|citrus fruit
rabbit|cat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
harpsichord|harp|UsedFor|sound
raspberry|strawberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
hose|tap|AtLocation|kitchen
mixer|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
screws|tray|MadeOf|metal/steel
lantern|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
lemon|tomato|IsA|vegetable
hawk|falcon|HasProperty|domesticated
eagle|pigeon|AtLocation|at a beach
wheel|scooter|HasA|an engine
princess|girlfriend|IsA|male
mirror|lamp|MadeOf|glass
raccoon|skunk|IsA|mammal
ankle|thigh|CapableOf|carrying objects
carpet|wall|PartOf|the entrance to a room
pants|cigarette|IsA|home appliance
beaver|squirrel|CapableOf|attack human
dishwasher|fridge|IsA|appliance
hand|neck|IsA|joint
rock|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
socks|trousers|PartOf|lower waistline
rattlesnake|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
tower|deck|IsA|body part
church|inn|IsA|permanent structure
skin|hair|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
violin|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
body|leg|HasA|bones
brow|nose|HasProperty|about mouth
arm|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
hand|elbow|MadeOf|upper body parts
blender|sink|AtLocation|on a countertop
pear|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
pliers|chisel|CapableOf|writing
finger|hand|HasA|thumb
deer|mink|CapableOf|live in water
garlic|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
pigeon|starling|CapableOf|be a household pet
arm|neck|IsA|part of the skeleton
cat|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
cougar|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
mug|bottle|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
canoe|sailboat|AtLocation|on a mountain
rabbit|squirrel|HasProperty|4 letters long
shoulder|thigh|IsA|joint
cockroach|snail|IsA|plant
uncle|father|IsA|child
magazine|tape|IsA|mostly black in colour
tractor|truck|AtLocation|in water
kidney|bone|AtLocation|in the torso
microwave|fridge|UsedFor|keeping things cool
willow|bed|IsA|tree
rock|bolts|IsA|electric 
shoulder|arm|HasProperty|something humans have two of
window|walls|UsedFor|decoration
jeans|dress|PartOf|lower waistline
rattlesnake|squirrel|AtLocation|nature
potatoes|beer|IsA|diary food
scooter|skis|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
camel|elephant|UsedFor|human transport
bison|caribou|MadeOf|a living thing
clamp|rope|HasA|number on it
pants|trousers|UsedFor|feet
carpet|bedroom|IsA|furniture
catfish|trout|IsA|water animal
boy|worker|HasA|head
lamp|candle|CapableOf|be worn
aunt|wife|IsA|family member
cherry|beans|HasA|seeds
foot|knees|AtLocation|below waist
mole|alligator|HasA|horn
cousin|actress|IsA|direct or immediate relation
zebra|catfish|HasA|red shell when cooked
spatula|chisel|UsedFor|crafts
thigh|ankle|PartOf|upper body
truck|car|HasProperty|consuming fuel
orange|cheese|CapableOf|bitter
beaver|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
wheel|scooter|HasA|wheels
cello|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
butter|potatoes|MadeOf|several ingredients
dishwasher|microwave|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
building|apartment|IsA|place to live permanently
bedroom|bed|PartOf|the entrance to a room
squirrel|coyote|HasA|long ears
leg|thigh|AtLocation|below waist
raccoon|otter|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
throat|neck|IsA|pink face feature
bar|tower|HasProperty|indoor
elephant|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
bungalow|cottage|PartOf|set of furniture
bolts|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
thigh|toe|UsedFor|a fight
bathroom|ceiling|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
body|toe|AtLocation|inside
stereo|mixer|UsedFor|can your card used home
elbow|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
elbow|forearm|HasProperty|something humans have two of
drill|spatula|CapableOf|to paint
catfish|cod|HasA|name beginning with c
neck|toe|AtLocation|on your head
screws|pipe|MadeOf|metal
knee|toe|AtLocation|on lower body
crocodile|turtle|IsA|amphibian
bagpipe|trombone|HasA|keys
drill|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
daughter|brother|IsA|direct relation
garlic|pineapple|IsA|physical fruit or veg
stick|knife|HasProperty|cutting
girlfriend|cousin|HasA|a blood relation with you
chisel|paintbrush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
accordion|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
peach|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
fridge|spoon|UsedFor|washing dishes
snail|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
pencil|crayon|PartOf|what is the name of 
candle|chandelier|HasProperty|something to be worn
buzzard|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
milk|sugar|UsedFor|dessert
beans|garlic|IsA|green vegetable 
lamp|tray|IsA|item of clothing
girlfriend|princess|HasA|blood relation with you
elephant|cougar|IsA|predator 
dishwasher|microwave|IsA|electrical appliance
harmonica|trumpet|HasA|reed to make it work
tuba|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
avocado|broccoli|UsedFor|meat replacement
thigh|ankle|HasProperty|has five toes
plug|wheel|CapableOf|make sound
forearm|hand|IsA|plural
window|roof|IsA|part of a building
finger|foot|IsA|plural
skirt|gown|AtLocation|above the feet
wheel|clamp|IsA|electric 
arm|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
mink|otter|CapableOf|live in water
pants|coat|IsA|home appliance
ankle|toe|UsedFor|a fight
leg|finger|IsA|plural
shoes|skirt|AtLocation|on lower body
deer|camel|HasA| mane (hair on it)
liquor|sandwich|IsA|diary food
sugar|sandwich|IsA|liquid
camel|horse|IsA|something a farmer would own
comb|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
skis|skateboard|UsedFor|single person transport
meat|sugar|CapableOf|fry
lobster|eel|IsA|water animal
nurse|mother|HasProperty|male
brush|paintbrush|UsedFor|brushing
girlfriend|aunt|IsA|female
pineapple|plum|IsA|red  or orang
rattlesnake|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
tape|mixer|UsedFor|dispensing water
girlfriend|mother|UsedFor|transportation
mirror|candle|IsA|home appliance
raspberry|coconut|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
plug|fan|UsedFor|electronic uses
skis|scooter|PartOf|bicycle
neck|fingers|PartOf|upper body
bedroom|building|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
pipe|barrel|CapableOf|be used in home
tray|kettle|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
plum|cherry|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
harmonica|clarinet|HasA|keys
plate|pipe|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
beaver|alligator|HasA|horn
trombone|trumpet|HasA|keyboard
guitar|banjo|CapableOf|be blown into
radio|clamp|AtLocation|kitchen
kite|pigeon|IsA|dangerous bird
beaver|rabbit|HasA|hair/fur
rope|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
coconut|lemon|IsA|vegetable
caterpillar|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
olive|lemon|CapableOf|spices
fan|radio|MadeOf|steel
potatoes|bacon|IsA|diary food
steak|supper|UsedFor|dinner
perch|zebra|IsA|mollusk
milk|sauce|AtLocation|in the ground
tiger|goat|IsA|typical pet
chandelier|mirror|MadeOf|glass
woman|worker|HasProperty|a picture of a female
barn|bedroom|IsA|red home
lobster|shrimp|HasA|fins
scooter|bike|AtLocation|in there
ankle|leg|IsA|part of the skeleton
salad|sugar|IsA|meat
rocket|wheel|UsedFor|harm
cherry|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
leg|hand|PartOf|room
trousers|shoes|UsedFor|feet protection
flea|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
crayon|pliers|MadeOf|writing
liver|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
clarinet|saxophone|MadeOf|wood
robe|jacket|UsedFor|protection
drill|bolts|CapableOf|transport liquids
coconut|banana|HasA|stone 
hut|cottage|HasProperty|made of concrete
cart|camel|HasA|long neck
neck|lips|CapableOf| taste
gate|house|HasA| place for worship
prune|plum|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
coconut|cheese|PartOf|eating
drill|plate|CapableOf|used in war
pistol|gun|CapableOf|fire bullets
magazine|rock|CapableOf|provide water
shoulder|fingers|PartOf|upper body
comb|crayon|CapableOf|print
elephant|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
aunt|nurse|IsA|female
boat|sled|UsedFor|riding on water
raccoon|porcupine|HasA|long ears
hand|neck|HasProperty|lower body
rabbit|cat|HasProperty|fluffy
father|uncle|IsA|man
boy|girlfriend|IsA|family member
fawn|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
olive|orange|CapableOf|spices
leg|blood|IsA|limb
shoulder|neck|PartOf|an appendage
tuba|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
forearm|arm|IsA|plural
knee|thigh|IsA|plural
fingers|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
pants|shirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
barrel|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
magazine|rope|MadeOf|metal/steel
raspberry|strawberry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
grenade|shotgun|HasProperty|tiger
boots|bag|HasA|sleeves
coconut|olive|IsA|fruit
mixer|radio|IsA|digital device
trumpet|clarinet|MadeOf|metal
clarinet|saxophone|HasA|reed to make it work
cheetah|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
rope|plate|CapableOf|transport liquids
rope|rock|UsedFor|entertainment
dog|cat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
radio|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
deer|rabbit|HasA|hair/fur
trumpet|harp|HasA|keys
orange|corn|HasProperty|green
scooter|wheel|UsedFor|snow
shirt|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
raspberry|banana|HasA|stone 
coconut|garlic|CapableOf|spices
truck|skateboard|UsedFor|land suitable one
pen|screwdriver|PartOf|what is your name this
kite|falcon|HasProperty|domesticated
uncle|son|IsA|title
clamp|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
woman|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
bedroom|cottage|IsA|red home
arm|hand|MadeOf|a whole body part
coconut|cherry|HasProperty|sweet
brush|stick|IsA|construction tool
wheel|magazine|IsA|digital device
tray|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
barrel|tank|HasA|finger trigger
chocolate|potatoes|UsedFor|desserts
caterpillar|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
toe|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
celery|avocado|HasProperty|a green food
accordion|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
hose|rope|IsA|mostly black in colour
wasp|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
giraffe|tiger|HasA|horn
hose|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
nose|brow|AtLocation|below mouth
clamp|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
pelican|duck|AtLocation|at a beach
lobster|crab|IsA|mollusk
son|daughter|AtLocation|in a royal family
finger|neck|IsA|body part
sister|princess|AtLocation|in a castle
magazine|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
balloon|bowl|CapableOf|fly
prince|uncle|IsA|man
faucet|rock|IsA|digital device
knees|foot|HasProperty|lower body
knife|typewriter|CapableOf|print
comb|stick|HasProperty|cutting
beaver|mink|CapableOf|climb trees
falcon|eagle|CapableOf|fly
blouse|robe|HasProperty|something that is worn
strainer|plate|CapableOf|destroy a building
peach|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
bike|yacht|UsedFor|eating
blender|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
coyote|deer|IsA|herbivore
sink|cupboard|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
pipe|wheel|UsedFor|harm
daughter|princess|HasProperty|female
prune|grapefruit|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
plum|avocado|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
mouth|nose|IsA|(one of five) human senses
window|room|PartOf|body
gorilla|camel|IsA|has horns
stick|pen|CapableOf|to paint
rattlesnake|snail|HasA|legs
door|bed|UsedFor|sleep
rabbit|goat|HasA|wings
sparrow|starling|HasA|large wingspan
screwdriver|comb|CapableOf|writing
thigh|leg|IsA|limb
arm|ankle|HasA|bones
rabbit|cow|HasProperty|four-legged
sister|aunt|PartOf|your family
peach|cranberry|HasA|edible skin
house|chapel|HasA|own altar
tiger|sheep|UsedFor|riding
rabbit|alligator|HasA|horn
pineapple|avocado|IsA|physical fruit or veg
pen|paintbrush|PartOf|what is the name of 
building|bed|IsA|permanent structure
blouse|robe|HasProperty|something that can be worn
raspberry|cherry|UsedFor|smoothies
raccoon|mole|CapableOf|hunt other animals
skunk|porcupine|AtLocation|on tree
nurse|daughter|IsA|car
rabbit|mole|HasA|hooves
camel|gorilla|IsA|herbivore
turtle|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
mole|skunk|HasProperty|originated from north america
sofa|bed|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
chapel|inn|HasA|own altar
salad|soup|MadeOf|meat
finger|elbow|PartOf|the upper body
elbow|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
faucet|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
pen|typewriter|PartOf|what is the name of 
blouse|cloak|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
wheel|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
broccoli|onions|UsedFor|meat replacement
wheel|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
elephant|donkey|HasA|fur
typewriter|pen|HasA|wax
tank|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
scarf|coat|UsedFor|wearing
ant|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
tank|rocket|HasProperty|tiger
balloon|helicopter|CapableOf|float 
father|brother|IsA|female
lamp|mirror|MadeOf|metal
brush|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
tank|boat|HasA|wheels
window|bar|UsedFor|working with computer
drill|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
mixer|radio|CapableOf|provide water
bolts|drill|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
squirrel|mouse|CapableOf|kill a human
rocker|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
lemon|coconut|IsA|physical fruit or veg
window|room|PartOf|human body
trout|salmon|IsA|fish
vulture|kite|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
mackerel|salmon|HasA|fins
leg|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
turtle|iguana|HasA|four feet
cannon|rifle|UsedFor|work
actress|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
wheel|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
drill|wheel|CapableOf|hold water
cigarette|candle|HasProperty|makes light
typewriter|knife|PartOf|drawing
typewriter|razor|CapableOf|to paint
window|walls|PartOf|a house
frog|pony|IsA|something a farmer would own
trombone|piano|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
sailboat|boat|UsedFor|riding on water
plate|rope|CapableOf|be used in home
mackerel|tuna|IsA|name begging with c
room|window|PartOf|building
dress|bag|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
girlfriend|worker|IsA|female
pigeon|woodpecker|CapableOf|be a household pet
foot|knee|PartOf|lower body
pen|brush|HasProperty|cutting
raccoon|coyote|PartOf|herd
bathroom|roof|PartOf|body
stereo|hose|UsedFor|can your card used home
coyote|rabbit|HasA|hooves
rattlesnake|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
hand|elbow|UsedFor|holding an apple
scissors|crayon|PartOf|what is the name of 
pliers|chisel|PartOf|drawing
typewriter|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
jet|saucer|AtLocation|on water
bike|wheel|IsA|powered vehicle
elephant|giraffe|HasA|stripes
salad|chocolate|IsA|diary food
floor|window|AtLocation|above your head in general
cherry|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
perch|crab|IsA|black and white
bridge|gate|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
nail|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
walls|floor|UsedFor|decoration
actress|wife|HasProperty|male
butter|sugar|UsedFor|recipes 
hose|rock|IsA|electric 
pear|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
foot|elbow|IsA|plural
stove|blender|UsedFor|cooking food
bolts|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
sandwich|whisky|IsA|diary food
bedroom|cottage|IsA|religious place
neck|nose|IsA|pink face feature
bolts|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
hand|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
mirror|candle|AtLocation|on neck
tank|bike|UsedFor|eating
flea|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
toe|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
porcupine|hare|CapableOf|go underground
clamp|fan|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
falcon|eagle|HasA|wings
tank|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
raspberry|prune|HasA|stone 
brush|screwdriver|HasProperty|cutting
piano|clarinet|IsA|brass instrument
cottage|cabin|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
bridge|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
lime|coconut|CapableOf|delicious
frog|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
magazine|fridge|CapableOf|working
pliers|screwdriver|AtLocation|construction site
horse|bison|IsA|typical pet
beetle|flea|HasProperty|an insect
bagpipe|trumpet|IsA|wind instrument
squirrel|flea|HasA|walking
coat|jacket|AtLocation|on your upper torso
shoulder|wrist|HasProperty|upper body
eel|catfish|HasA|red shell when cooked
shoulder|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
avocado|raspberry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
skateboard|tractor|HasA|wheels
freezer|tray|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
woodpecker|dove|HasA|large wingspan
wall|carpet|UsedFor|storage
paintbrush|pen|AtLocation|construction site
rocket|barrel|HasProperty|tiger
banjo|guitar|MadeOf|wood
trumpet|trombone|PartOf|strings
camel|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
rifle|grenade|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
foot|hand|IsA|plural
worm|ant|HasA|wings
skirt|pants|IsA|item of clothing
snail|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
harpsichord|piano|HasA|neck
cabin|house|HasA| 5 letters or less
room|bathroom|PartOf|house
crayon|brush|PartOf|what is your name this
bagpipe|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
gorilla|bison|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
rabbit|hare|HasA|long ear
spoon|tray|HasA|handle
donkey|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
wasp|worm|HasProperty|an insect
pants|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
horse|tiger|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
hand|forearm|UsedFor|holding an apple
mixer|radio|CapableOf|produce sound (directly or cabled)
chapel|bedroom|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
pants|trousers|IsA|typically female clothing item
leg|foot|HasProperty|has five toes
boy|father|HasProperty|a profession
apartment|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
cheetah|zebra|IsA|has horns
falcon|kite|IsA|bird of prey
microwave|toaster|AtLocation|on a countertop
stove|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
gown|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
rope|plate|CapableOf|be used in home
toe|thigh|HasProperty|below the waist 
bolts|wheel|AtLocation|kitchen
wheel|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
bacon|soup|MadeOf|meat
gun|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
jacket|skirt|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
beaver|porcupine|CapableOf|climb trees
yacht|truck|UsedFor|eating
buffalo|gorilla|IsA|has horns
raspberry|avocado|PartOf|a red the color of
rabbit|porcupine|HasA|hooves
plate|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
fawn|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
elephant|mouse|PartOf|jumping
grapefruit|plum|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
forearm|thigh|IsA|plural
coat|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
cherry|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
strawberry|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
shoulder|toe|IsA|plural
tower|floor|PartOf|human body
boots|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
chocolate|potatoes|UsedFor|dessert
crayon|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
clarinet|trumpet|UsedFor|blowing
rattlesnake|turtle|PartOf|water
pepper|celery|IsA|vegetable
hose|faucet|HasA|a type of metal
plum|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
barrel|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
banjo|trombone|HasA|keys
rattlesnake|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
leg|neck|AtLocation|on furniture
boy|mother|IsA|profession
camel|zebra|IsA|predator 
violin|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
tape|rope|AtLocation|kitchen
cupboard|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
hyena|cougar|IsA|type of big cat
spoon|bottle|HasA|handle
bungalow|bedroom|HasA|start with a b
boots|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
balloon|helicopter|HasA|wings
stereo|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
candle|lantern|AtLocation|on neck
roof|floor|UsedFor|decoration
man|boy|IsA|family member
door|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pipe|barrel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
knees|ankle|PartOf|lower body
bolts|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
rabbit|rattlesnake|AtLocation|carnivorous
spatula|knife|MadeOf|writing
perch|cod|IsA|one syllable word
cow|dog|CapableOf|be domesticated
jacket|bag|HasA|wheel
accordion|piano|IsA|wind instrument
rabbit|potato|CapableOf|eating
plate|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
shirt|gown|IsA|an accessory
lamp|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
chicken|tomato|MadeOf|red
church|building|AtLocation|at your home
elephant|elk|HasA|antlers/tusks
dove|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
flea|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
toe|elbow|IsA|part of the skeleton
barrel|bolts|UsedFor|daily usage 
flea|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
blouse|pants|UsedFor|wearing
sack|wheelbarrow|IsA|item of clothing
rope|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
camel|tiger|IsA|type of cat
scarf|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
blender|cupboard|UsedFor|heating items up
cabin|inn|HasProperty|for the rich
tiger|crocodile|HasProperty|orange
wasp|snail|HasA|walking
daughter|woman|IsA|male
trout|catfish|IsA|water animal
garlic|banana|IsA|red  or orang
trombone|saxophone|HasA|3 buttons exactly
oven|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
corn|broccoli|UsedFor|meat replacement
jeans|skirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
walls|room|CapableOf|be used home
rattlesnake|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
plug|hose|MadeOf|metal
blouse|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
hair|neck|IsA|limb
trout|cod|IsA|water animal
tank|rifle|CapableOf|be used one-handed
cottage|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
rock|magazine|IsA|related to music 
gorilla|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
neck|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
hose|tape|MadeOf|metal/steel
strawberry|banana|HasA|single hard pit
caterpillar|flea|IsA|plant
caribou|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
mink|hare|IsA|sad
roof|room|PartOf|garage
mole|beaver|AtLocation|on tree
dishwasher|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
duck|potato|MadeOf|red
princess|wife|IsA|sibling
coconut|cherry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
blouse|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
broccoli|celery|HasProperty|green
butterfly|snail|IsA|slow mover
octopus|salmon|IsA|water animal
pants|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
room|ceiling|AtLocation|on the outside of building
fridge|kettle|UsedFor|cooking food
horse|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
bolts|hose|UsedFor|entertainment
room|window|HasProperty|vertical
cod|crab|IsA|mollusk
kettle|freezer|IsA|electrical appliance
cannon|wheel|CapableOf|transport liquids
pistol|grenade|MadeOf|wood (partially)
kettle|stove|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
pear|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
carpet|curtains|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
bolts|clamp|CapableOf|be turned on
chisel|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for drawing
canoe|tank|UsedFor|eating
girl|cousin|PartOf|hospital staff
cockroach|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
eel|salmon|HasA|legs/tentacles 
apartment|bungalow|MadeOf|one or more rooms
octopus|asparagus|AtLocation|on a farm
tank|scooter|AtLocation|in water
trousers|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
wheel|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
trumpet|clarinet|IsA|instrument
cupboard|curtains|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
door|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
king|prince|IsA|ruler of a kingdom
turtle|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
hyena|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
radio|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
tap|radio|MadeOf|metal
dress|gown|AtLocation|over your knees
buggy|yacht|AtLocation|in there
stick|crayon|IsA|construction tool
zebra|elephant|UsedFor|eating
beetle|spider|HasA|no legs
blouse|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
razor|paintbrush|HasProperty|cutting
ox|hyena|IsA|violent creature
sofa|curtains|CapableOf|open/close
raspberry|prune|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
cabin|house|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
tomato|potato|IsA|animal
inn|hut|HasA|start with a b
corn|onions|UsedFor|cleaning
woman|boy|MadeOf|metal
bolts|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
car|skateboard|HasA|wheels
crocodile|giraffe|AtLocation|in africa
ankle|thigh|AtLocation|below the waist 
blender|toaster|UsedFor|making food
strainer|tray|AtLocation|on car
bike|scooter|HasA|handle
horse|elephant|AtLocation|in africa
harpsichord|guitar|UsedFor|sound
tape|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
woodpecker|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
leg|shoulder|IsA|plural
garlic|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
arm|elbow|UsedFor|holding a cup
paintbrush|pen|HasA|keyboard
cupboard|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
deer|elephant|HasA|antlers or tusks
porcupine|coyote|CapableOf|hunt other animals
tower|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head
nail|skin|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
banana|pear|HasA|yellow color
room|bathroom|PartOf|human body
moth|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
mackerel|asparagus|IsA|one syllable word
tape|rope|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
boat|yacht|UsedFor|delivering parcels
crayon|scissors|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
rocket|tank|HasA|trigger
cupboard|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
fingers|neck|PartOf|room
jacket|dress|HasProperty|worn below the waist
magazine|radio|MadeOf|maybe
scissors|pencil|UsedFor|driving screws
robe|cloak|HasA|male on it
necklace|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
shoulder|wrist|UsedFor|breaking down a door
wrist|neck|PartOf|the upper body
clamp|mixer|PartOf|tire
bean|meal|UsedFor|dinner
mother|princess|HasProperty|exclusively female
zebra|giraffe|CapableOf|walk on 2 feet
woman|girl|IsA|profession/title
cat|donkey|CapableOf|be domesticated
shrimp|squid|AtLocation|at sea
skunk|mole|CapableOf|hunt other animals
skunk|mole|CapableOf|be held 
chocolate|milk|UsedFor|recipes 
cougar|tiger|HasA|hooves
blouse|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
butterfly|beetle|CapableOf|sting
pony|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
coat|blouse|CapableOf|be worn
actress|woman|HasProperty|a picture of a female
beaver|mink|HasA|hair/fur
socks|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
knife|chisel|UsedFor|writing
ox|bison|CapableOf|carry a adult human
gate|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
wife|mother|IsA|profession
elephant|cart|HasA|horn
tape|hose|IsA|electronic device
sink|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
wasp|rattlesnake|CapableOf|crawl 
girl|actress|HasA|a blood relation with you
spatula|comb|AtLocation|in a toolbox
microwave|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
goat|horse|HasA| mane (hair on it)
butterfly|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
crocodile|leopard|IsA|herbivore
daughter|wife|IsA|profession
piano|clarinet|HasA|keys
mother|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
magazine|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
aunt|nurse|IsA|male
horse|cat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
cherry|garlic|HasProperty|green
harpsichord|violin|IsA|wind instrument
wheel|strainer|UsedFor|storing wine
pony|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
wall|carpet|PartOf|the entrance to a room
princess|daughter|HasProperty|exclusively female
gun|rocket|CapableOf|be launched/fired
pen|crayon|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
blood|hair|AtLocation|below your waist
banana|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
pencil|comb|CapableOf|print
kettle|fridge|CapableOf|hold water
pants|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
socks|boots|AtLocation|on lower body
church|barn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
ladle|spoon|MadeOf|steel mostly
piano|trombone|IsA|wind instrument
brush|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cheese|lemon|CapableOf|delicious
girl|wife|CapableOf|become pregnant 
zebra|trout|HasA|red shell when cooked
elephant|horse|HasA|horn
horse|zebra|HasA|4 legs
hut|chapel|IsA|component of a home
camel|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
mixer|tape|CapableOf|provide water
rabbit|mink|AtLocation|carnivorous
knee|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
prune|banana|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
cherry|peach|HasA|edible skin
bathroom|deck|HasProperty|vertical
faucet|tap|HasA|string or line
nurse|girlfriend|IsA|car
trombone|tuba|IsA|wind instrument
doctor|daughter|IsA|female
chandelier|candle|CapableOf|move
soup|whisky|IsA|diary food
raccoon|mink|IsA|mink
barrel|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
hand|shoulder|IsA|plural
flute|clarinet|HasA|tube
neck|shoulder|AtLocation|bottom half of body
uncle|cousin|IsA|man
aunt|woman|UsedFor|transportation
horse|cat|AtLocation|pet store
dishwasher|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
beaver|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
hawk|pigeon|HasA|wings
pineapple|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
razor|scissors|MadeOf|writing
wrist|forearm|HasA|more than one joint
salmon|zebra|HasA|red shell when cooked
walls|deck|PartOf|building
harmonica|cello|HasA|keys
fawn|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
girl|nurse|HasA|friends on it
fingers|toe|PartOf|the upper body
rocker|mixer|IsA|related to music 
boat|saucer|HasA|the ability to fly
candle|lantern|IsA|source of light
broom|spear|UsedFor|sleeping
pony|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
rabbit|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bedroom|apartment|MadeOf|one or more rooms
rifle|cannon|HasProperty|made for violence
horse|elephant|HasA|long neck
tray|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
meat|sauce|UsedFor|desserts
lemon|cheese|PartOf|eating
bed|barn|HasA|start with a b
faucet|rope|IsA|related to music 
alligator|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
frog|squirrel|HasA|walking
pear|plum|IsA|word beginning with p
rabbit|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
wheel|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
broccoli|celery|IsA|vegetable
faucet|radio|IsA|digital device
meat|sauce|CapableOf|fry
saucer|balloon|HasA|wings
mole|rabbit|IsA|sad
sack|wheelbarrow|HasA|wheel
socks|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
door|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
worm|moth|IsA|bug
trombone|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
trumpet|harpsichord|HasA|keys
wheel|rocket|IsA|firearm
raspberry|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
ant|flea|HasProperty|an insect
harmonica|trombone|UsedFor|sound
wheelbarrow|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
clamp|bolts|CapableOf|make sound
girlfriend|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
grapefruit|raspberry|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
knife|stick|UsedFor|drawing or painting
comb|scissors|CapableOf|writing
camel|donkey|HasA|fur
deer|mole|IsA|predator
coconut|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
owl|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
cupboard|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
fridge|rocker|UsedFor|keeping things cool
elbow|shoulder|IsA|joint
caterpillar|ant|CapableOf|fly
butterfly|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
dishwasher|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
tin|mink|IsA|fragile
finger|neck|IsA|pink face feature
groundhog|beaver|IsA|predator
banjo|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
mug|saucer|MadeOf|ceramic materials
rope|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
fawn|porcupine|CapableOf|be held 
ankle|toe|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
zebra|buffalo|HasA|hooves
wife|sister|HasProperty|older than you
church|gate|UsedFor|relaxing
doctor|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
princess|wife|AtLocation|in a castle
rope|tap|IsA|related to music 
walls|window|PartOf|another card 
hyena|elephant|HasA|thick body
soup|sauce|IsA|diary food
asparagus|octopus|IsA|black and white
cheetah|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
octopus|lobster|HasA|legs
raft|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
tractor|skateboard|HasA|wheels
car|boat|UsedFor|single person transport
window|walls|AtLocation|in your apartment
guitar|piano|UsedFor|sound
wasp|spider|IsA|colorful 
flute|harp|HasA|keys
trout|crab|IsA|mollusk
aunt|mother|HasProperty|exclusively female
bean|soup|HasProperty|meaty
faucet|wheel|IsA|related to music 
metal|skunk|IsA|bottle
onions|eggplant|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
wine|soup|HasProperty|a liquid
crayon|scissors|PartOf|drawing
cherry|prune|IsA|long fruit
coat|pants|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
mole|coyote|IsA|herbivore
wife|girl|HasProperty|male
bed|door|MadeOf|wood
clamp|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
toaster|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
garlic|avocado|UsedFor|meat replacement
scissors|brush|UsedFor|driving screws
ankle|foot|HasProperty|upper body
razor|scissors|CapableOf|print
tiger|cow|AtLocation|jungle
wheel|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
soup|bean|MadeOf|bread
cherry|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
olive|coconut|HasProperty|green
fawn|raccoon|HasA|hair/fur
hawk|eagle|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
worker|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
elephant|elk|CapableOf|carry a adult human
prune|avocado|PartOf|a red the color of
tray|door|UsedFor|storage
cod|catfish|HasA|legs
groundhog|elk|HasProperty|living in water
body|hair|AtLocation|below your waist
canoe|jeep|UsedFor|eating
pipe|screws|IsA|firearm
coyote|mole|HasA|long ear
paintbrush|scissors|HasA|keyboard
rattlesnake|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
pliers|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
chocolate|sugar|UsedFor|dessert
rifle|shotgun|UsedFor|firing artillery
sack|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
blouse|shirt|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
spider|wasp|CapableOf|flying
clamp|plug|IsA|related to music 
harp|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
sink|freezer|CapableOf|be plumbed in
zebra|lobster|IsA|mollusk
cockroach|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
floor|fingers|PartOf|room
cabin|oak|PartOf|set of furniture
hare|rabbit|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
door|bed|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
screws|gun|UsedFor|shooting
sheep|cow|HasA| mane (hair on it)
candle|scarf|UsedFor|lighting
caribou|tiger|IsA|predator 
freezer|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
barrel|pipe|HasA|round shape
faucet|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
drill|plate|CapableOf|transport liquids
bolts|screws|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
metal|plastic|IsA|fragile
rabbit|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
tractor|bike|HasA|wheels
woman|daughter|IsA|male
sugar|sauce|AtLocation|in the ground
skin|blood|AtLocation|on your head
comb|crayon|PartOf|drawing
ant|spider|HasA|legs, six or more
moth|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
girl|woman|UsedFor|food
bag|pants|HasA|sleeves
doctor|wife|IsA|family member
rabbit|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
cockroach|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
pear|prune|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
wrist|elbow|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
hose|barrel|IsA|vessel
room|ceiling|IsA|body part
jeep|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
arm|wrist|HasProperty|upper body
donkey|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
bison|camel|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
ankle|leg|UsedFor|walking
pipe|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
wheel|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rabbit|cow|CapableOf|jump
tent|cabin|HasProperty|for the rich
leg|foot|AtLocation|below the waist 
bacon|wine|IsA|diary food
comb|razor|IsA|construction tool
caterpillar|wasp|HasA|wings
bed|church|IsA|permanent structure
neck|hair|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
donkey|sheep|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
bedroom|sofa|UsedFor|storage
mother|daughter|HasProperty|female
cougar|tiger|IsA|herbivore
actress|girl|IsA|male
actress|girlfriend|HasProperty|exclusively female
bagpipe|accordion|HasA|strings
fan|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
tomato|cherry|HasProperty|sweet
fingers|neck|HasProperty|mostly of cylindrical shape
tap|rope|IsA|digital device
tape|hose|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
plate|barrel|CapableOf|use electricity
crocodile|hyena|PartOf|the cat family
shirt|dress|HasProperty|worn below the waist
cello|saxophone|HasA|keys
crocodile|elephant|IsA|an animal
closet|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
wheel|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
mole|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
tuna|perch|IsA|fish
floor|finger|PartOf|room
screws|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
lobster|chicken|HasA|fins
princess|sister|IsA|profession
wall|cupboard|UsedFor|sleep
pencil|screwdriver|HasA|bushy tail
wheel|rope|UsedFor|a vehicle
prince|king|HasProperty|a family member
prince|brother|IsA|direct relation
aunt|wife|HasA|green item of clothing
ant|beetle|HasProperty|an insect
barrel|wheel|UsedFor|daily usage 
wheelbarrow|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
knife|scissors|UsedFor|writing
worm|spider|CapableOf|fly 
goat|dog|AtLocation|pet store
salmon|crab|IsA|water animal
squirrel|beetle|HasA|walking
walls|window|UsedFor|decoration
sofa|cupboard|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
bagpipe|accordion|HasA|reed to make it work
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rocket|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
lobster|salmon|HasA|red shell when cooked
worker|princess|UsedFor|transportation
tomato|chicken|IsA|food
banana|prune|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
potato|onions|IsA|n animal
typewriter|paintbrush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
cannon|rifle|HasProperty|tiger
skis|sailboat|CapableOf|roll
mirror|lamp|IsA|hospital equipment
squirrel|raccoon|HasA|hair/fur
orange|peach|HasProperty|yellow
elbow|toe|HasA|bones
bungalow|hut|IsA|component of a home
rattlesnake|spider|MadeOf|small animals
falcon|pelican|PartOf|wild life
alligator|elephant|HasA|a shell
fan|mixer|CapableOf|consume electricity
flea|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
actress|girl|HasProperty|royalty
cathedral|church|UsedFor|religious gatherings
orange|cherry|MadeOf|juice making
brush|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for drawing
shirt|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
dress|blouse|IsA|worn on the lower body
barn|inn|IsA|place of worship
trombone|guitar|UsedFor|sound
tray|candle|IsA|home appliance
raspberry|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
wheel|strainer|MadeOf|wood
wheel|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
crayon|pencil|UsedFor|drawing or painting
girlfriend|doctor|IsA|car
rattlesnake|frog|IsA|bug
cod|tuna|HasA|fins
sack|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
shoulder|leg|IsA|plural
finger|fingers|IsA|joint
spatula|brush|MadeOf|writing
plug|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
blender|fridge|UsedFor|washing dishes
foot|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
cupboard|closet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
soup|bacon|HasA|meat
pony|horse|HasA|paws
beetle|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
flea|spider|HasA|walking
cat|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
avocado|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
princess|girl|HasProperty|male
socks|jeans|AtLocation|on lower body
screwdriver|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
screws|tank|IsA|firearm
blouse|dress|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
rifle|shotgun|IsA|weapon
father|uncle|IsA|title
coconut|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
crayon|brush|IsA|construction tool
floor|bathroom|AtLocation|in your apartment
cousin|father|HasA|blood relationship with you
knife|drill|MadeOf|leather
deer|bison|HasA|horn
rock|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
stereo|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
yacht|buggy|AtLocation|in water
supper|sandwich|HasProperty|eaten for breakfast
rabbit|hare|IsA|otter
trousers|pants|AtLocation|on lower body
ankle|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
dove|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
typewriter|stick|CapableOf|be used for drawing
hand|elbow|AtLocation|in your upper body
camel|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
shoulder|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
microwave|stove|UsedFor|making food
shotgun|grenade|HasA|caterpillar treads
nail|kidney|AtLocation|on head
corn|beans|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
avocado|grapefruit|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
rocket|barrel|CapableOf|be held in a hand
elk|deer|UsedFor|pulling santa's sleigh
cabin|gate|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
wife|cousin|HasA|child
tank|rocket|CapableOf|transport liquids
crayon|typewriter|MadeOf|only metal
sauce|soup|IsA|liquid
turtle|ant|HasA|walking
barrel|tray|PartOf|any of various units of 
bed|curtains|UsedFor|sleep
donkey|rabbit|UsedFor|a source of milk
orange|peach|IsA|red  or orang
broccoli|celery|HasA|any green on it 
raccoon|squirrel|HasA|long ears
leg|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
cannon|grenade|UsedFor|storage
ankle|thigh|HasProperty|below the waist 
bag|dress|AtLocation|on your upper torso
building|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
lemon|coconut|IsA|fruit
wall|bed|CapableOf|contain items
donkey|elephant|HasA|fur
clamp|bolts|IsA|electric 
pliers|drill|MadeOf|plastic too
daughter|worker|IsA|female
cougar|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
rocker|fan|CapableOf|be turned on
freezer|closet|UsedFor|making food
donkey|cow|IsA|teeth
horse|sheep|HasProperty|fluffy
window|hand|PartOf|room
stick|crayon|PartOf|drawing
clarinet|trumpet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
oven|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
shield|banner|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
sink|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
rope|wheel|CapableOf|transport liquids
rocket|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
eel|chicken|IsA|mollusk
building|house|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
deer|elephant|IsA|teeth
neck|fingers|PartOf|house
tower|roof|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
cart|giraffe|HasA|stripes
nurse|cousin|HasProperty|male
oven|door|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
woman|mother|IsA|car
sheep|goat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
forearm|elbow|AtLocation|upper body
spatula|knife|UsedFor|crafts
crocodile|turtle|HasA| 4 limbs
father|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
scissors|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
starling|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
mink|skunk|AtLocation|carnivorous
salmon|mackerel|IsA|fish
house|tent|IsA|relatively small
goat|rabbit|HasProperty|furry
trombone|tuba|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
blouse|shirt|IsA|an accessory
worker|father|HasProperty|royalty
bridge|hut|AtLocation|at your home
banana|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
bagpipe|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
caterpillar|spider|HasA|wings
bathroom|deck|AtLocation|above your head in general
falcon|pigeon|HasA|long beak
paintbrush|brush|IsA|construction tool
rope|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mink|raccoon|IsA|animal with long ears
pigeon|falcon|CapableOf|fly
rattlesnake|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
sink|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
pencil|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
daughter|wife|PartOf|your family
pipe|cannon|CapableOf|use electricity
horse|donkey|IsA|carnivore 
rope|rifle|CapableOf|be used in home
grenade|gun|HasProperty|longer than one foot
jet|balloon|CapableOf|float 
rocker|radio|UsedFor|keeping things cool
prune|cherry|HasA|peel
clock|dress|HasProperty|mainly worn by men
sauce|whisky|IsA|liquid
prune|plum|HasA|stone inside
cougar|elephant|MadeOf|a living thing
cow|donkey|HasA|hooves
wrist|hand|PartOf|upper body
skunk|raccoon|PartOf|herd
bayonet|spade|IsA|man made thing
flute|cello|HasA|keys
carpet|door|UsedFor|lighting
skunk|otter|HasProperty|5 letters long
man|nurse|CapableOf|bear a child
plug|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
finger|wrist|MadeOf|a whole body part
hose|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
fingers|arm|AtLocation|below where a watch is
toe|arm|IsA|limb
spatula|crayon|MadeOf|writing
pants|jeans|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
mackerel|catfish|IsA|mollusk
mother|woman|IsA|female
donkey|goat|HasProperty|fluffy
actress|daughter|IsA|car
dishwasher|ladle|CapableOf|make things cold
coconut|garlic|CapableOf|bitter
candle|lamp|HasProperty|makes light
wasp|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
scooter|skateboard|HasProperty|consuming fuel
lamp|thermometer|IsA|home appliance
ankle|neck|PartOf|an appendage
brush|comb|CapableOf|be used for hair
pen|crayon|UsedFor|brushing
bed|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
lamb|tomato|MadeOf|red
eye|kidney|AtLocation|inside
son|uncle|IsA|family member
forearm|elbow|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
trumpet|tuba|MadeOf|strings
bag|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
daughter|boy|UsedFor|transportation
caterpillar|worm|HasA|no legs
clarinet|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
mink|otter|HasA|big ears
freezer|fridge|UsedFor|making food
cheetah|camel|IsA|has horns
caribou|elephant|MadeOf|a living thing
skirt|coat|UsedFor|wearing
raccoon|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
tray|plate|AtLocation|at home
skirt|shoes|UsedFor|feet protection
plug|rock|MadeOf|paper
room|walls|UsedFor|decoration
chicken|goat|CapableOf|eating
elephant|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
arm|elbow|UsedFor|a fight
mouth|tongue|HasProperty|used for tasting
prune|raspberry|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
olive|lime|HasA|eatable shell or peel
flea|moth|MadeOf|small animals
frog|squirrel|HasA|eating
knife|spatula|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
elbow|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
plum|banana|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
closet|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tower|floor|UsedFor|decoration
boat|buggy|HasA|wheels
wife|doctor|IsA|car
crocodile|cheetah|IsA|predator 
tap|hose|UsedFor|water
pipe|plate|AtLocation|at home
camel|crocodile|IsA|has horns
bone|body|HasA|bones
elk|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
butterfly|cat|MadeOf|small animals
father|wife|IsA|car
roof|tower|MadeOf|wood
tape|rock|MadeOf|paper
actress|man|IsA|noun
pencil|pen|HasProperty|cutting
giraffe|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
tape|plug|UsedFor|entertainment
finger|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
hawk|pigeon|HasA|long beak
arm|hand|IsA|joint
piano|violin|IsA|wind instrument
broccoli|celery|HasProperty|green (most part)
coconut|olive|IsA|vegetable
radio|tape|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
leg|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
bison|hyena|MadeOf|a living thing
giraffe|zebra|HasA|trunk
girl|actress|HasProperty|male
hair|neck|AtLocation|on head
tap|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
clarinet|tuba|HasA|keys
mouth|tongue|HasProperty|used affected during make up
donkey|pony|AtLocation|typically europe
flea|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
fingers|arm|HasA|less than three joints
beetle|ant|IsA|crustecean
woman|nurse|UsedFor|food
knees|knee|HasProperty|lower body
tap|fan|IsA|mostly black in colour
jacket|pants|HasA|wheel
trout|perch|HasA|legs
zebra|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
coconut|prune|HasProperty|yellow
catfish|trout|HasA|shell
knife|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
plum|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
caribou|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
spider|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
foot|ankle|AtLocation|below the waist 
gate|hut|IsA|relatively small
clamp|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
fridge|freezer|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
curtains|carpet|UsedFor|storage
deer|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
neck|tongue|PartOf|makeup regimen
pineapple|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
caterpillar|worm|CapableOf|fly
bed|pine|IsA|tool
clock|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
deer|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
rabbit|sheep|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
worm|beetle|CapableOf|flying
chapel|inn|IsA|component of a home
bathroom|room|PartOf|body
pliers|spatula|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
doctor|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
typewriter|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
skunk|deer|IsA|mammal
barrel|rope|UsedFor|daily usage 
pencil|scissors|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
tuna|crab|HasA|red shell when cooked
mother|worker|IsA|person
girlfriend|cousin|PartOf|hospital staff
cherry|pear|PartOf|group or bunch 
moth|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
zebra|camel|CapableOf|walk on 2 feet
pants|coat|UsedFor|transporting things
clamp|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
snail|turtle|CapableOf|flying
ceiling|roof|IsA|body part
nurse|woman|IsA|noun
knife|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
cottage|house|UsedFor|a place of worship
scissors|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
drill|rocket|CapableOf|use electricity
tuna|perch|IsA|name begging with c
barn|bed|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
blouse|coat|IsA|item of clothing
skirt|pants|CapableOf|be worn
fan|rope|MadeOf|metal
truck|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
garlic|pear|IsA|berry
cigarette|necklace|UsedFor|lighting
floor|walls|CapableOf|be opened/closed
toilet|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
catfish|zebra|IsA|mollusk
scooter|buggy|UsedFor|land suitable one
sofa|bedroom|CapableOf|open/close
falcon|eagle|PartOf|wild life
skateboard|yacht|UsedFor|eating
stove|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
orange|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
arm|wrist|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
pencil|paintbrush|PartOf|what is your name this
cottage|cathedral|HasA| place for worship
rabbit|hare|AtLocation|water usually
zebra|camel|IsA|object
rifle|bolts|CapableOf|be used in home
closet|bed|AtLocation|in the kitchen
elephant|elk|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
coat|dress|IsA|an accessory
sled|canoe|CapableOf|be used on snow
bean|soup|HasA|vegetables
inn|bungalow|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
body|arm|AtLocation|on your head
tray|barrel|HasProperty|part of a car
father|cousin|HasProperty|a blood relative
stereo|mixer|CapableOf|consume electricity
actress|nurse|IsA|car
wife|man|IsA|family member
alligator|mink|HasProperty|living in water
boat|car|UsedFor|farming
dove|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
hand|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
spider|squirrel|IsA|common pet
umbrella|robe|HasProperty|something that is worn
elephant|squirrel|HasA|tail
tank|tractor|AtLocation|in there
mink|groundhog|HasA|hooves
elbow|neck|PartOf|an appendage
raccoon|porcupine|AtLocation|carnivorous
garlic|coconut|IsA|fruit
bedroom|curtains|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
spoon|ladle|CapableOf|be held in your hand
eye|blood|IsA|limb
grapefruit|prune|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
lemon|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
wheel|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
door|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
jacket|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
princess|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
clamp|wheel|HasA|number on it
rabbit|chicken|AtLocation|in water
skunk|coyote|IsA|herbivore
son|uncle|IsA|man
raft|wheel|HasA|an engine
drill|stick|CapableOf|print
bridge|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
clamp|rope|IsA|electric 
leopard|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
stereo|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
fan|radio|UsedFor|electronic uses
ankle|foot|HasProperty|lower body
tiger|sheep|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
rocker|wheel|IsA|digital device
neck|finger|AtLocation|in your upper body
pigeon|vulture|PartOf|wild life
pear|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
lobster|mackerel|HasA|red shell when cooked
prune|cherry|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
car|jeep|UsedFor|land suitable one
worker|nurse|IsA|noun
accordion|bagpipe|HasA|strings
garlic|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
strainer|wheel|CapableOf|destroy a building
coconut|grapefruit|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
kettle|ladle|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
elbow|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
mole|groundhog|IsA|predator
mother|daughter|HasProperty|male
cow|squirrel|HasA|eating
radio|fridge|CapableOf|working
uncle|father|IsA|title
drill|pen|HasProperty|cutting
trombone|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
rock|tape|MadeOf|paper
bedroom|curtains|UsedFor|storage
orange|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
clarinet|flute|IsA|instrument
elephant|bison|IsA|violent creature
bean|bacon|HasA|vegetable(s)
finger|neck|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
hose|bolts|CapableOf|be held in hands
jeans|pants|UsedFor|by mainly women
typewriter|paintbrush|MadeOf|only metal
room|walls|AtLocation|in your apartment
nail|arm|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
magazine|wheel|IsA|electric 
accordion|bagpipe|HasA|reed to make it work
chicken|octopus|IsA|black and white
squirrel|moth|MadeOf|small animals
plug|mixer|PartOf|tire
plate|wheel|UsedFor|daily usage 
plug|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
necklace|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
rabbit|bison|HasA| mane (hair on it)
dress|jeans|UsedFor|feet
rattlesnake|groundhog|AtLocation|underground
flea|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
lobster|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
lantern|candle|IsA|home appliance
bolts|gun|CapableOf|be used in home
liver|blood|AtLocation|on the inside
pliers|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cockroach|worm|IsA|plant
cougar|hyena|HasA|hump 
tray|blender|AtLocation|on a countertop
boy|worker|HasProperty|male
bison|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
bison|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
stork|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
rifle|shotgun|HasProperty|tiger
cupboard|door|UsedFor|making food
grapefruit|strawberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
raccoon|rabbit|HasProperty|4 letters long
piano|accordion|HasA|neck
spider|caterpillar|HasA|legs, six or more
truck|car|CapableOf|hold more than one person
canoe|raft|AtLocation|in water
turtle|snail|PartOf|water
sandwich|potatoes|IsA|meat
frog|camel|IsA|something a farmer would own
wife|sister|HasA|multiple people pictured
thigh|neck|UsedFor|a fight
hose|bolts|UsedFor|harm
tiger|elephant|AtLocation|jungle
sheep|bison|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
apartment|house|HasProperty|for the rich
mink|rabbit|AtLocation|on  a tree
porcupine|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
salad|soup|HasProperty|meaty
faucet|clamp|UsedFor|a vehicle
bolts|rope|UsedFor|harm
mink|groundhog|AtLocation|carnivorous
mother|man|IsA|profession
mouth|throat|PartOf|makeup regimen
pen|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
rattlesnake|spider|HasA|walking
room|window|IsA|body part
skis|skateboard|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
bacon|sugar|IsA|diary food
necklace|tray|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
fingers|hand|AtLocation|on furniture
rope|wheel|IsA|vessel
fan|oven|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
goat|tiger|HasA|fur
camel|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
canoe|raft|HasA|wheels
man|father|IsA|profession
bathroom|walls|AtLocation|above your head in general
camel|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
groundhog|skunk|IsA|rodent
otter|mink|CapableOf|running fast
cherry|banana|IsA|more than one fruit
dove|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
rabbit|duck|MadeOf|something edible
freezer|microwave|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
toe|knee|AtLocation|below the waist 
camel|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
flea|beetle|AtLocation|nature
fawn|rabbit|HasA|hair/fur
buffalo|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
sheep|tiger|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
boots|socks|UsedFor|feet
eye|muscle|AtLocation|on your head
avocado|prune|HasProperty|sweet
worker|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
fingers|neck|PartOf|upper body
moth|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
arm|neck|IsA|upper body part
bolts|plug|AtLocation|kitchen
steak|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
piano|harpsichord|HasA|keys
zebra|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
chisel|razor|HasA|sharp edge
fan|tap|MadeOf|metal
fawn|elk|HasA|antlers/horns
ceiling|room|IsA|part of a building
buffalo|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
hose|rope|HasProperty|related with electricity
spatula|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
barrel|bolts|UsedFor|harm
rattlesnake|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
building|cottage|IsA|place to live permanently
faucet|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
bison|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
mole|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
gown|dress|AtLocation|above the feet
leg|arm|IsA|part of the skeleton
aunt|worker|UsedFor|transportation
lobster|crab|IsA|water animal
tongue|lips|IsA|part of the body
liver|nail|AtLocation|on your head
rock|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
beaver|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
mixer|tape|UsedFor|water
cucumber|beans|IsA|vegetable
pear|avocado|HasA|yellow color
necklace|candle|IsA|item of clothing
woman|actress|HasProperty|exclusively female
raccoon|squirrel|HasA|long ear
daughter|actress|IsA|car
avocado|plum|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
spatula|drill|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
orange|prune|HasProperty|yellow
skirt|boots|HasA|sleeves
rocker|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
horse|donkey|CapableOf|be domesticated
thigh|foot|AtLocation|on lower body
frog|mouse|HasA|eating
prince|son|IsA|son of your grandpa
rifle|gun|IsA|weapon
snail|cockroach|IsA|bug
banana|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
hare|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
hand|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
perch|trout|IsA|mollusk
jeep|tank|HasA|an engine
beaver|coyote|HasA|long ear
frog|elephant|HasProperty|four-legged
cousin|actress|IsA|female
nurse|woman|HasA|a blood relation with you
mother|princess|HasA|a blood relation with you
screwdriver|comb|HasProperty|cutting
grapefruit|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
woman|actress|IsA|head
frog|mouse|HasA|tail
meat|sauce|UsedFor|recipes 
fan|oven|MadeOf|maybe
beaver|groundhog|HasA|long ear
rope|tape|HasA|a type of metal
grapefruit|raspberry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
faucet|hose|CapableOf|work without electricity
wheel|rocket|IsA|vessel
drill|screws|CapableOf|be launched/fired
mirror|necklace|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
knife|spatula|PartOf|drawing
comb|spatula|PartOf|drawing
eggplant|beans|UsedFor|meat replacement
ankle|toe|HasProperty|lower body
bathroom|room|AtLocation|above your head in general
door|sink|UsedFor|making food
floor|room|IsA|body part
horse|cart|HasA|long neck
vulture|pigeon|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
seagull|vulture|HasProperty|a predator
cheese|coconut|CapableOf|spices
zebra|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
knee|knees|AtLocation|below waist
worm|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
jacket|gown|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
buffalo|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
hand|arm|PartOf|room
rocket|pipe|UsedFor|building
barrel|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
barrel|tank|UsedFor|work
cheese|orange|CapableOf|spices
gown|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
snail|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
coat|necklace|IsA|home appliance
leg|thigh|PartOf|upper body
coconut|garlic|HasA|seeds
gorilla|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
pipe|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mixer|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
zebra|shrimp|HasA|fins
mother|daughter|IsA|direct relation
goat|chicken|IsA|fruit or vegetable
ant|butterfly|HasA|wings
skunk|porcupine|HasA|long ear
worm|rattlesnake|AtLocation|nature
knees|toe|AtLocation|below the waist 
man|worker|IsA|family member
arm|hand|HasProperty|related with hand
finger|mouth|PartOf|makeup regimen
trout|mackerel|HasA|red shell when cooked
chandelier|candle|HasProperty|something to be worn
dog|crocodile|UsedFor|human transport
inn|hut|IsA|place to live permanently
bed|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
camel|bison|UsedFor|travel
pen|pencil|CapableOf|make holes 
frog|cat|CapableOf|be domesticated
knee|arm|IsA|plural
nurse|girl|MadeOf|metal
snail|frog|CapableOf|flying
elk|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
saxophone|trumpet|HasA|keyboard
elephant|cheetah|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
wrist|forearm|HasA|nails
ankle|arm|HasA|bones
camel|pony|UsedFor|human transport
toe|knee|HasProperty|below the waist 
knees|toe|PartOf|lower body
hawk|eagle|CapableOf|attack others
razor|knife|UsedFor|crafts
plate|rope|IsA|firearm
fingers|leg|PartOf|room
wheel|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
bed|bedroom|HasA|start with a b
bungalow|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
tiger|bison|HasA|fur
banana|cherry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
shirt|blouse|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
bungalow|oak|IsA|red home
wheel|plate|IsA|firearm
bed|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
pen|crayon|UsedFor|writing/drawing
bed|house|IsA|religious place
canoe|sled|HasA|wheels
magazine|rope|CapableOf|provide water
orange|olive|UsedFor|testy
zebra|buffalo|IsA|like a cat
sandwich|steak|UsedFor|dinner
grapefruit|cranberry|UsedFor|smoothie
elbow|shoulder|IsA|plural
rattlesnake|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
eel|cod|AtLocation|at sea
rattlesnake|hare|HasProperty|living in water
rabbit|cow|CapableOf|be domesticated
church|chapel|IsA|place to live permanently
drill|pliers|CapableOf|be used for drawing
pen|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
camel|crocodile|AtLocation|jungle
princess|woman|CapableOf|become pregnant 
screwdriver|pliers|CapableOf|print
potato|rabbit|MadeOf|red
butterfly|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
grenade|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
asparagus|eel|HasA|legs
tractor|boat|AtLocation|in there
coyote|squirrel|HasA|hooves
saxophone|clarinet|PartOf|strings
chisel|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
razor|drill|CapableOf|be used for drawing
elephant|bison|UsedFor|riding
aunt|actress|IsA|female
otter|rabbit|IsA|mink
beaver|groundhog|AtLocation|on tree
cupboard|door|UsedFor|sleep
camel|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
skateboard|bike|UsedFor|snow
horse|camel|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
jeans|skirt|UsedFor|feet
thigh|ankle|PartOf|lower body
tank|skis|AtLocation|in there
asparagus|perch|IsA|black and white
sofa|door|CapableOf|contain items
woman|princess|HasProperty|male
rabbit|goat|UsedFor|food products
potatoes|whisky|IsA|diary food
supper|bacon|HasA|vegetable(s)
rattlesnake|spider|IsA|colorful 
ant|moth|MadeOf|small animals
jacket|pants|UsedFor|transporting things
princess|girlfriend|HasA|a blood relation with you
clock|tray|IsA|item of clothing
drill|hose|CapableOf|used in war
cat|rabbit|HasA| mane (hair on it)
pen|crayon|UsedFor|driving screws
apartment|building|HasProperty|made of concrete
thigh|knee|PartOf|the upper body
arm|finger|AtLocation|below where a watch is
window|bathroom|HasProperty|enclosed
comb|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
typewriter|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
finger|throat|PartOf|face
wall|cupboard|CapableOf|be used to sleep
rabbit|frog|AtLocation|jungle
plug|bolts|IsA|digital device
squirrel|hare|IsA|mammal
frog|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
spatula|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bolts|rope|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
son|uncle|IsA|title
raspberry|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
bagpipe|piano|UsedFor|sound
room|floor|AtLocation|above your head in general
saucer|bucket|MadeOf|metal
ant|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
bar|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head in general
skunk|hare|IsA|mink
door|curtains|UsedFor|sleep
trout|catfish|IsA|card facing left
clamp|hose|IsA|digital device
man|nurse|HasA|color
sugar|bacon|IsA|liquid
tower|window|IsA|part of a building
crayon|comb|HasProperty|cutting
avocado|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
pants|boots|IsA|typically female clothing item
garlic|cherry|HasA|seeds
window|bathroom|IsA|body part
frog|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
mink|rattlesnake|AtLocation|carnivorous
stick|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
olive|garlic|PartOf|eating
eagle|vulture|AtLocation|at a beach
pencil|drill|CapableOf|to paint
chisel|comb|MadeOf|writing
bag|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
soup|liquor|IsA|diary food
buffalo|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
strawberry|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
magazine|rock|CapableOf|be use for transportation
snail|wasp|HasA|walking
dress|wheelbarrow|IsA|worn on the lower body
zebra|camel|IsA|type of cat
man|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
girl|worker|IsA|head
hand|arm|PartOf|upper body
walls|room|HasA|glass
scooter|raft|UsedFor|eating
bed|gate|IsA|component of a home
duck|pigeon|HasA|start with a p
knife|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
knees|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
trousers|pants|UsedFor|transporting things
worm|snail|IsA|colorful 
wheel|bolts|MadeOf|metal
cougar|elk|IsA|predator 
elk|elephant|MadeOf|a living thing
trombone|saxophone|HasA|strings
finger|fingers|PartOf|pair/no more than two
screws|barrel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
blender|kettle|CapableOf|be plugged in
wheel|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
clamp|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
shrimp|perch|IsA|water animal
trumpet|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
leopard|hyena|IsA|like a cat
tape|hose|CapableOf|make sound
cupboard|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
hair|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
tuba|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
beans|eggplant|HasProperty|green (most part)
mackerel|tuna|HasProperty|a large fish
chandelier|clock|IsA|item of clothing
worker|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
tape|fan|MadeOf|metal
rope|drill|IsA|vessel
wheel|hose|AtLocation|kitchen
scooter|boat|UsedFor|snow
groundhog|rabbit|HasA|hair/fur
frog|butterfly|HasA|walking
fridge|blender|CapableOf|hold water
skis|skateboard|HasA|circular component 
dress|trousers|PartOf|lower waistline
ceiling|floor|IsA|body part
fan|rock|MadeOf|steel
rocket|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
birch|willow|IsA|man made thing
pants|jeans|IsA|piece of clothing
bed|door|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
rabbit|potato|MadeOf|red
typewriter|chisel|CapableOf|be used for drawing
kite|pelican|HasA|wings
spider|beetle|HasA|no legs
church|house|IsA|component of a home
camel|donkey|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
deer|pony|HasA|horn on head
rope|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
turtle|squirrel|IsA|bug
worm|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
lamp|candle|AtLocation|on the ceiling
elephant|squirrel|AtLocation|in a river 
eel|catfish|IsA|mollusk
wasp|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
barn|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
caterpillar|moth|IsA|plant
bolts|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
finger|hand|PartOf|upper body
wheel|bike|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
tape|hose|IsA|digital device
buffalo|camel|IsA|has horns
buggy|canoe|UsedFor|eating
coat|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
wheel|skateboard|UsedFor|water
elbow|knees|IsA|joint
ceiling|floor|CapableOf|be shattered 
daughter|sister|IsA|direct relation
cupboard|door|MadeOf|wood typically
clarinet|saxophone|CapableOf|be played with mouth
bolts|rocket|CapableOf|transport liquids
wheel|clamp|MadeOf|metal
ankle|wrist|IsA|plural
forearm|finger|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
scarf|candle|MadeOf|metal
mother|worker|HasA|friends on it
rabbit|squirrel|AtLocation|carnivorous
pepper|cucumber|IsA|fruit
cheetah|hyena|IsA|predator 
coconut|cranberry|IsA|fruit
falcon|starling|HasProperty|a predator
saxophone|flute|HasA|strings
jeans|dress|UsedFor|warming upper body
shrimp|octopus|HasA|fins
mother|worker|IsA|job or profession
wife|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
clamp|wheel|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
flea|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
ant|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
crab|zebra|HasA|legs
actress|mother|HasProperty|steel
radio|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
skunk|groundhog|HasA|long ear
bungalow|hut|AtLocation|at your home
wasp|butterfly|HasProperty|an insect
plum|prune|HasA|(usually) edible skin
raccoon|beaver|AtLocation|on tree
chapel|bridge|IsA|public building (typically)
rabbit|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
pen|comb|IsA|construction tool
flute|tuba|MadeOf|strings
house|gate|HasA|start with a b
knife|drill|MadeOf|writing
yacht|wheel|HasA|wheels
skirt|jacket|IsA|white object
pliers|razor|HasProperty|cutting
garlic|strawberry|HasA|stone 
magazine|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
plug|hose|UsedFor|entertainment
crayon|typewriter|CapableOf|print
wall|door|CapableOf|contain items
ladle|spoon|CapableOf|be held in your hand
brush|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
kite|owl|HasA|large wing span
raccoon|coyote|HasA|long ears
finger|leg|PartOf|body
coat|dress|HasProperty|worn below the waist
goat|cow|UsedFor|a source of milk
sandwich|bean|IsA|diary food
banana|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
skunk|elk|IsA|mammal
bed|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
caterpillar|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
girl|woman|HasA|blood relation with you
bison|camel|HasA|antlers
rabbit|mole|IsA|mammal
crab|eel|IsA|mollusk
cherry|lemon|UsedFor|testy
wrist|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
chapel|church|UsedFor|religious gathering
mirror|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
comb|scissors|CapableOf|be used for hair
tray|tank|MadeOf|metal
mole|mink|HasA|long ears
falcon|vulture|CapableOf|attack others
hand|toe|PartOf|the upper body
hose|grenade|IsA|firearm
aunt|actress|IsA|profession
ankle|neck|UsedFor|a fight
screws|strainer|MadeOf|wood
snail|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
cupboard|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
rifle|gun|HasProperty|tiger
worm|caterpillar|IsA|plant
bed|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tank|grenade|IsA|weapon
rope|gun|CapableOf|be used in home
avocado|banana|PartOf|a red the color of
hare|rabbit|CapableOf|eat palm nuts
kettle|freezer|PartOf|kitchen appliance
scarf|cigarette|UsedFor|wearing
walls|ceiling|CapableOf|be opened/closed
beer|soup|IsA|diary food
porcupine|mole|IsA|predator
shrimp|crab|AtLocation|on a farm
jacket|dress|UsedFor|warming upper body
pineapple|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
helicopter|jet|CapableOf|transport ships
brush|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
hare|elk|IsA|predator
turtle|cockroach|IsA|plant
wheel|clamp|MadeOf|metal/steel
cow|horse|IsA|typical pet
onions|garlic|IsA|green vegetable
ladle|spoon|UsedFor|washings things in
walls|bathroom|IsA|part of a building
mixer|tap|UsedFor|can your card used home
grapefruit|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
sack|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
rocker|plug|MadeOf|paper
daughter|princess|HasProperty|exclusively female
candle|mirror|IsA|home appliance
cannon|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
crocodile|gorilla|IsA|like a cat
peach|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
actress|wife|PartOf|close blood relative
bungalow|cabin|IsA|religious place
bathroom|deck|PartOf|house
camel|donkey|UsedFor|human transport
hair|kidney|IsA|limb
shirt|gown|AtLocation|on your upper torso
celery|broccoli|HasA|any green on it 
groundhog|deer|CapableOf|live in water
rocker|faucet|UsedFor|a vehicle
gate|church|HasA| place for worship
paintbrush|screwdriver|UsedFor|cutting
colander|fridge|CapableOf|be held in your hand
nurse|actress|UsedFor|food
pony|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
knees|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
cousin|nurse|HasA|a blood relation with you
typewriter|paintbrush|PartOf|what is your name this
accordion|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
boat|truck|UsedFor|single person transport
chisel|scissors|UsedFor|writing
dress|pants|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
garlic|coconut|IsA|berry
floor|bathroom|PartOf|human body
worm|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
cousin|princess|HasA|child
doctor|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
mackerel|tuna|AtLocation|at sea
cat|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
toaster|fridge|IsA|electrical appliance
skunk|otter|IsA|animal with long ears
cupboard|curtains|UsedFor|sleep
princess|woman|IsA|female (strictly)
coat|shirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
floor|ceiling|PartOf|house
rope|grenade|CapableOf|use electricity
falcon|eagle|HasA|large wingspan
rabbit|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
drill|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
freezer|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
lamb|rabbit|HasA|wings
knife|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
candle|lantern|AtLocation|on the ceiling
screwdriver|brush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
cherry|garlic|IsA|fruit
trousers|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
house|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
spoon|colander|HasProperty|consuming electricity
skis|car|AtLocation|in water
lamp|cigarette|UsedFor|wearing
jeans|trousers|CapableOf|keep legs warm
crayon|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
window|ceiling|PartOf|body
bolts|tank|CapableOf|transport liquids
magazine|tap|UsedFor|a vehicle
cherry|tomato|IsA|fruit
octopus|squid|IsA|fish
trout|cod|AtLocation|at sea
orange|coconut|CapableOf|bitter
bed|apartment|IsA|red home
tap|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
barrel|pipe|CapableOf|transport liquids
trumpet|clarinet|PartOf|strings
elbow|arm|AtLocation|below waist
bolts|rifle|IsA|vessel
chapel|barn|IsA|component of a home
rope|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
rattlesnake|porcupine|AtLocation|carnivorous
skirt|shoes|IsA|piece of clothing
cat|elephant|HasProperty|four-legged
actress|nurse|HasA|color
owl|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
harmonica|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
barrel|plate|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
plum|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
sheep|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
brush|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
plate|hose|CapableOf|be used in home
shoulder|neck|IsA|plural
elbow|finger|AtLocation|upper body
accordion|clarinet|IsA|brass instrument
radio|rocker|IsA|related to music 
jacket|coat|HasProperty|worn by a woman
moth|wasp|IsA|colorful 
hare|mole|HasA|hooves
lantern|tray|IsA|home appliance
arm|fingers|IsA|part of a building
onions|corn|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
sack|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
turtle|snail|IsA|reptile
blouse|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
coconut|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
tuna|salmon|IsA|water animal
fingers|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
brush|pencil|PartOf|what is your name this
neck|wrist|UsedFor|holding a cup
shotgun|gun|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
barrel|cannon|UsedFor|work
garlic|onions|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
skirt|boots|CapableOf|keep legs warm
door|microwave|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
perch|mackerel|HasA|red shell when cooked
door|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
faucet|wheel|MadeOf|metal
lobster|trout|IsA|water animal
fingers|arm|IsA|part of a building
arm|elbow|PartOf|the upper body
squirrel|otter|IsA|animal with long ears
strawberry|cranberry|HasA|stone 
cupboard|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
colander|sink|HasA|power supply
tape|wheel|CapableOf|make sound
grenade|gun|UsedFor|work
hand|arm|MadeOf|upper body parts
dishwasher|blender|HasProperty|using electricity
harpsichord|trombone|UsedFor|sound
toe|knees|HasProperty|below the waist 
rope|rocket|CapableOf|be held in hands
deer|mink|CapableOf|be held 
building|cottage|HasProperty|for the rich
skateboard|jeep|AtLocation|in water
rabbit|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
mole|rattlesnake|HasA|long ear
tap|mixer|AtLocation|kitchen
rattlesnake|beetle|PartOf|water
harpsichord|harp|CapableOf|be held
deer|elephant|IsA|something a farmer would own
raccoon|skunk|CapableOf|climb trees
stereo|wheel|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
drill|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
lime|cheese|PartOf|eating
screwdriver|paintbrush|MadeOf|only metal
caterpillar|cockroach|HasA|wings
flea|ant|IsA|colorful 
lemon|lime|CapableOf|bitter
kettle|ladle|UsedFor|washing dishes
house|hut|HasA|start with a b
hose|tap|MadeOf|metal
lamp|mirror|IsA|nice smelling object
mink|rabbit|IsA|predator
rabbit|beaver|IsA|herbivore
harpsichord|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
clamp|hose|PartOf|tire
wife|princess|HasA|blood relation with you
cheetah|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
mackerel|salmon|HasA|shell
deer|fawn|HasA|hooves
knee|elbow|IsA|plural
rocker|fan|UsedFor|keeping things cool
shoes|trousers|AtLocation|on lower body
dog|crocodile|HasProperty|carnivorous
peach|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
thigh|leg|HasProperty|lower body
truck|car|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
mackerel|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
bed|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
avocado|pear|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
skunk|rabbit|PartOf|herd
ant|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
toaster|freezer|IsA|electrical appliance
bolts|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
chisel|knife|UsedFor|writing
bedroom|wall|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
groundhog|porcupine|AtLocation|carnivorous
toaster|stove|PartOf|kitchen appliance
skirt|blouse|IsA|logo
iguana|turtle|HasA|legs
fridge|dishwasher|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
wheel|clamp|IsA|related to music 
necklace|mirror|UsedFor|a light source
rocker|oven|MadeOf|steel
rabbit|beaver|CapableOf|hunt other animals
blood|elbow|IsA|limb
brush|drill|HasProperty|cutting
barrel|gun|HasProperty|tiger
rope|rocket|IsA|firearm
scissors|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
butter|sugar|UsedFor|desserts
parakeet|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
octopus|zebra|HasA|legs
pliers|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
door|sink|UsedFor|storage
nail|eye|AtLocation|below your waist
guitar|banjo|HasA|keyboard
pear|plum|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
leg|skin|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
colander|blender|UsedFor|washing dishes
boy|woman|IsA|family member
wife|actress|AtLocation|in a castle
worker|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
bedroom|sofa|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
thermometer|dress|MadeOf|threads
rabbit|mole|AtLocation|on  a tree
finger|mouth|IsA|(one of five) human senses
dishwasher|toaster|IsA|electrical appliance
pipe|bolts|CapableOf|be used in home
razor|knife|HasProperty|cutting
camel|ox|CapableOf|carry a adult human
screwdriver|pliers|HasA|sharp edge
stove|dishwasher|UsedFor|cooking food
skis|sailboat|AtLocation|in water
butter|salad|MadeOf|cup
mink|raccoon|IsA|herbivore
mink|rabbit|MadeOf|green
daughter|nurse|HasProperty|male
coat|socks|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
lamp|clock|IsA|item of clothing
goat|sheep|HasProperty|fluffy
soup|sugar|IsA|liquid
guitar|banjo|MadeOf|wood
tape|mixer|UsedFor|water
neck|forearm|AtLocation|upper body
screws|tray|MadeOf|metal
ant|frog|IsA|plant
man|woman|HasA|the color brown in it
shoulder|toe|PartOf|the upper body
snail|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly
neck|foot|IsA|plural
vulture|eagle|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
thigh|knee|HasProperty|lower body
pencil|crayon|AtLocation|construction site
rock|mixer|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
screwdriver|brush|MadeOf|writing
elk|deer|CapableOf|be held 
sailboat|skis|AtLocation|in there
paintbrush|crayon|UsedFor|cutting
elephant|cow|PartOf|jumping
wrist|finger|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
ankle|knees|AtLocation|below waist
bolts|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
ox|bison|HasA|antlers
tent|cabin|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
mixer|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
brush|scissors|UsedFor|cutting
mink|groundhog|HasA|hair/fur
camel|rabbit|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
faucet|rock|IsA|related to music 
curtains|wall|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
scooter|yacht|MadeOf|metal
mixer|tape|MadeOf|paper
neck|leg|PartOf|an appendage
finger|arm|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
window|floor|PartOf|a house
coat|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
princess|woman|IsA|female
drill|screwdriver|AtLocation|construction site
girlfriend|princess|IsA|car
rocker|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rock|wheel|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
candle|lamp|UsedFor|wearing
brush|comb|CapableOf|print
daughter|aunt|HasA|multiple people pictured
pear|cherry|PartOf|a red the color of
spade|broom|IsA|man made thing
rocker|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
avocado|onions|IsA|green vegetable 
grapefruit|cranberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
chisel|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
rope|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
deer|zebra|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
barn|hut|IsA|place to live permanently
tank|truck|UsedFor|eating
barrel|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
curtains|carpet|UsedFor|lighting
scarf|necklace|IsA|home appliance
banana|orange|HasA|single hard pit
wheelbarrow|skirt|HasA|sleeves
bacon|salad|HasA|meat
ladle|spoon|HasProperty|using electricity
forearm|fingers|PartOf|lower body
elbow|shoulder|UsedFor|breaking down a door
steak|salad|IsA|diary food
trumpet|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
cow|goat|AtLocation|on a farm 
rope|stereo|AtLocation|kitchen
freezer|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cranberry|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
cheese|olive|CapableOf|delicious
mink|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
hare|rabbit|IsA|otter
daughter|mother|IsA|family member
sofa|bedroom|UsedFor|sleep
cow|spider|HasA|eating
cabin|bungalow|IsA|place to live permanently
woman|mother|IsA|male
cheetah|zebra|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
goat|rabbit|IsA|something a farmer would own
squirrel|hare|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
colander|fridge|IsA|automatic (works itself)
tank|barrel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
brush|comb|CapableOf|writing
raccoon|mole|CapableOf|live in water
daughter|princess|IsA|car
kite|vulture|HasProperty|domesticated
hand|arm|UsedFor|waving
chapel|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
chandelier|lamp|AtLocation|on neck
muscle|body|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
trousers|shoes|HasA|sleeves
spider|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
barrel|hose|UsedFor|harm
screwdriver|pliers|PartOf|drawing
crocodile|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tray|plate|PartOf|any of various units of 
toe|arm|IsA|part of the skeleton
dress|shoes|PartOf|lower waistline
ankle|foot|PartOf|the upper body
flute|piano|MadeOf|wood
wheel|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
paintbrush|crayon|IsA|construction tool
thermometer|tray|IsA|home appliance
bag|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
neck|hand|PartOf|the upper body
man|worker|IsA|male
scooter|skateboard|IsA|powered vehicle
room|tower|PartOf|body
rope|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
pear|banana|HasA|single hard pit
caterpillar|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
rabbit|pony|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
rabbit|goat|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
dress|gown|HasProperty|a long clothing item
paintbrush|crayon|CapableOf|be used for hair
squirrel|iguana|HasA|a shell
horse|bison|IsA|teeth
grenade|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
avocado|cherry|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
scooter|car|UsedFor|land suitable one
wheel|tank|HasProperty|part of a car
bedroom|oak|IsA|red home
pants|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
nurse|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
beetle|wasp|HasA|wings
fawn|deer|HasA|hooves
cat|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
brother|father|IsA|family member
deer|camel|UsedFor|a source of milk
rocker|magazine|IsA|digital device
boots|jacket|UsedFor|feet protection
neck|forearm|MadeOf|a whole body part
coat|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
tuba|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
squirrel|hare|IsA|predator
salmon|perch|IsA|card facing left
oven|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
skunk|mink|IsA|herbivore
ankle|elbow|IsA|organ
man|boy|IsA|profession
room|bathroom|IsA|part of a building
sink|tray|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
bolts|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
spatula|stick|IsA|construction tool
boots|shoes|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
thigh|neck|PartOf|an appendage
stove|closet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
grapefruit|banana|HasA|usually inedible skin
sister|aunt|UsedFor|a married person
faucet|clamp|IsA|related to music 
bison|buffalo|HasA|horn
tape|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
dress|jacket|HasA|sleeves
dress|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
scarf|blouse|IsA|item of clothing
skunk|mole|HasA|long ear
floor|bar|PartOf|building
caribou|elk|HasA|antlers or tusks
mirror|cigarette|UsedFor|providing light
buggy|truck|HasA|wheels
olive|cherry|MadeOf|juice making
saxophone|guitar|HasA|strings
boat|bike|AtLocation|in there
clarinet|piano|UsedFor|sound
window|bathroom|UsedFor|decoration
pencil|brush|PartOf|what is the name of 
tomato|lemon|IsA|fruit
prune|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
coconut|lemon|HasA|eatable shell or peel
hand|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
girl|actress|IsA|family member
deer|porcupine|IsA|mammal
finger|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
tape|rope|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
onions|garlic|HasProperty|green (most part)
saxophone|trumpet|IsA|brass instrument
gate|bungalow|IsA|permanent structure
hut|cabin|HasProperty|for the rich
cranberry|plum|HasA|edible skin
mother|man|IsA|job or profession
harp|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
car|truck|HasA|wheels
squirrel|mink|HasA|obvious defense mechanism
butter|potatoes|IsA|liquid
squirrel|beaver|HasA|long ear
harmonica|piano|UsedFor|sound
brush|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
coat|sack|HasA|wheel
cherry|avocado|PartOf|a red the color of
boots|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
hyena|elephant|IsA|violent creature
stereo|wheel|AtLocation|kitchen
cat|frog|HasProperty|an insect
forearm|fingers|AtLocation|upper body
pliers|screwdriver|UsedFor|crafts
pants|bag|HasA|wheel
typewriter|brush|IsA|construction tool
salmon|mackerel|HasA|red shell when cooked
pipe|tray|CapableOf|destroy a building
wheel|plug|MadeOf|paper
crayon|pen|PartOf|what is the name of 
walls|bar|UsedFor|working with computer
worm|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
harpsichord|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
clamp|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
forearm|hand|PartOf|upper body
roof|bathroom|HasProperty|vertical
rabbit|skunk|PartOf|herd
chisel|comb|CapableOf|print
hair|kidney|HasA|bones
yacht|bike|MadeOf|metal
wheel|faucet|HasA|a type of metal
grapefruit|raspberry|IsA|bitter fruit
leg|ankle|CapableOf|carrying objects
deck|room|AtLocation|above your head in general
woman|man|IsA|profession
hare|raccoon|IsA|mink
worm|caterpillar|IsA|insect
butterfly|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
squid|shrimp|AtLocation|at sea
sailboat|raft|CapableOf|be used on snow
wheel|skis|UsedFor|eating
wasp|worm|IsA|crustecean
ankle|elbow|IsA|plural
moth|spider|HasA|walking
canoe|scooter|HasA|an engine
grapefruit|prune|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
wrist|neck|HasProperty|lower body
caribou|camel|IsA|predator 
rocker|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
radio|mixer|UsedFor|entertainment
mother|actress|HasA|a blood relation with you
tuna|eel|AtLocation|at sea
bike|jeep|AtLocation|in water
gun|rocket|UsedFor|firing artillery
eagle|duck|HasA|long beak
thigh|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
guitar|trumpet|MadeOf|metal
airplane|saucer|CapableOf|fly
roof|floor|UsedFor|tiling
typewriter|pliers|UsedFor|crafts
raccoon|deer|CapableOf|live in water
beer|salad|IsA|diary food
goat|chicken|IsA|animal
shoes|trousers|CapableOf|keep legs warm
crayon|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tray|strainer|AtLocation|at home
stick|knife|CapableOf|to paint
cherry|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
bed|fridge|UsedFor|making food
moth|rattlesnake|HasA|walking
hare|rabbit|CapableOf|climb trees
cranberry|strawberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
broccoli|avocado|HasA|any green on it 
cat|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
blood|bone|AtLocation|on the inside
fridge|oven|PartOf|kitchen appliance
tiger|dog|UsedFor|human transport
squirrel|groundhog|CapableOf|climb trees
violin|banjo|MadeOf|strings
elephant|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
elephant|turtle|HasA| 4 limbs
stereo|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rope|mixer|UsedFor|entertainment
harpsichord|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
trumpet|trombone|MadeOf|metal
brush|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
forearm|hand|IsA|specific joint
aunt|cousin|PartOf|close blood relative
tank|cannon|HasA|finger trigger
beans|eggplant|HasProperty|green
finger|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
stereo|rope|CapableOf|provide water
cod|eel|HasA|shell
beer|bacon|IsA|diary food
raccoon|squirrel|PartOf|herd
tape|stereo|UsedFor|dispensing water
room|bar|IsA|part of a building
squirrel|mink|IsA|mink
plug|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
finger|neck|PartOf|upper body
eel|lobster|IsA|fish
wheel|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
spider|turtle|IsA|colorful 
rocket|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
leg|thigh|HasProperty|lower body
princess|actress|IsA|female (strictly)
mother|woman|HasProperty|steel
jeans|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
roof|tower|HasA|diagram on it
snail|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
thermometer|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
fingers|finger|HasProperty|plural (more than one of)
wall|bedroom|PartOf|the entrance to a room
trumpet|clarinet|MadeOf|wood
salad|sauce|IsA|diary food
shotgun|rifle|IsA|weapon
paintbrush|comb|IsA|construction tool
leg|foot|PartOf|upper body
squirrel|raccoon|HasProperty|4 letters long
coyote|rabbit|HasA|hair/fur
cello|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
tank|strainer|MadeOf|metal
thermometer|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
hare|coyote|IsA|mammal
clarinet|flute|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
wine|liquor|IsA|alcohol
wheelbarrow|blouse|IsA|worn on the lower body
skis|canoe|HasA|an engine
snail|flea|CapableOf|flying
apartment|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
mirror|lamp|HasProperty|something to be worn
hyena|leopard|IsA|has horns
toaster|oven|UsedFor|cooking food
roof|ceiling|IsA|body part
wheel|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
horse|camel|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
tower|ceiling|UsedFor|tiling
banana|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
avocado|coconut|HasA|edible skin
tape|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
crayon|screwdriver|AtLocation|construction site
tape|bolts|IsA|digital device
guitar|violin|UsedFor|sound
finger|neck|AtLocation|below mouth
mink|hare|AtLocation|underground
ladle|kettle|CapableOf|hold water
rabbit|lamb|MadeOf|red
jet|ship|CapableOf|be found on water
meal|bean|HasProperty|mainly meat
stork|dove|HasA|large wing span
mole|hare|AtLocation|water usually
zebra|tiger|IsA|has horns
trumpet|harp|UsedFor|sound
shoulder|forearm|PartOf|the upper body
violin|harp|MadeOf|strings
vulture|kite|HasProperty|domesticated
flute|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
banana|avocado|IsA|word beginning with p
daughter|girlfriend|HasProperty|two syllables
dog|goat|HasProperty|fluffy
orange|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
cello|guitar|HasA|strings
shoulder|thigh|IsA|plural
salad|soup|HasProperty|a single item
buggy|tank|UsedFor|eating
camel|horse|UsedFor|food products
peach|plum|HasA|stone 
roof|deck|PartOf|human body
clock|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
hand|fingers|PartOf|building
trombone|flute|CapableOf|be blown into
oak|cottage|PartOf|set of furniture
duck|goat|CapableOf|eating
cod|crab|HasA|red shell when cooked
cod|tuna|AtLocation|at sea
spoon|kettle|CapableOf|be held in your hand
zebra|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
donkey|sheep|IsA|teeth
squirrel|otter|HasA|long ears
peach|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
supper|soup|MadeOf|bread
snail|wasp|HasProperty|an insect
wood|skunk|IsA|bottle
crocodile|bison|HasA|antlers/tusks
lamp|thermometer|UsedFor|wearing
yacht|tractor|HasA|an engine
typewriter|pencil|MadeOf|only metal
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|use electricity
magazine|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
barrel|shotgun|UsedFor|work
neck|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
frog|cat|IsA|colorful 
tower|window|HasProperty|typically vertical
ladle|colander|HasA|electrical parts
fingers|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
car|jeep|UsedFor|eating
necklace|mirror|CapableOf|generate light
crayon|pen|HasProperty|cutting
window|bar|AtLocation|above your head in general
tractor|buggy|UsedFor|war
actress|aunt|HasProperty|royalty
flute|clarinet|MadeOf|metal
mink|raccoon|IsA|sad
truck|tractor|MadeOf|metal
blood|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
magazine|fridge|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
zebra|cod|IsA|mollusk
squid|crab|AtLocation|at sea
snail|worm|IsA|colorful 
camel|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
beaver|raccoon|AtLocation|on tree
potatoes|chocolate|UsedFor|dessert
wrist|neck|IsA|plural
trousers|skirt|PartOf|lower waistline
gun|rocket|HasProperty|tiger
skunk|rabbit|IsA|otter
pencil|knife|MadeOf|writing
otter|mink|HasA|long tail
rabbit|squirrel|IsA|mink
bike|skis|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
crayon|pen|MadeOf|only metal
rabbit|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
bison|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
squirrel|turtle|AtLocation|nature
radio|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
harp|piano|CapableOf|be held
skunk|mink|IsA|mammal
brush|pen|PartOf|what is your name this
mackerel|salmon|HasA|name beginning with c
falcon|kite|UsedFor|a national symbol
inn|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
liquor|beer|UsedFor|drinking
leg|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
closet|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
mixer|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
toe|hair|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
doctor|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
mink|mole|AtLocation|on  a tree
hose|drill|CapableOf|used in war
corn|orange|HasProperty|green
rope|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
woman|actress|IsA|noun
soup|salad|IsA|liquid
spade|bayonet|IsA|man made thing
hair|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
roof|floor|CapableOf|be used home
pear|plum|IsA|long fruit
chicken|rabbit|MadeOf|something edible
cottage|gate|IsA|religion buildings
beaver|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
brother|uncle|IsA|royalty
violin|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
bike|scooter|CapableOf|carry multiple people
canoe|car|UsedFor|eating
wife|cousin|PartOf|your family
raft|sled|CapableOf|be used on snow
mother|wife|UsedFor|transportation
brush|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing
neck|shoulder|AtLocation|upper body
walls|room|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
finger|tongue|IsA|part of the body
camel|giraffe|HasA|trunk
corn|cucumber|IsA|vegetable
donkey|pony|UsedFor|a source of milk
donkey|rabbit|IsA|teeth
tank|jeep|HasProperty|consuming fuel
tray|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
clarinet|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
actress|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
bridge|bedroom|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
moth|cat|MadeOf|small animals
arm|neck|HasA|bones
plum|cherry|HasA|stone 
comb|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
boots|shoes|PartOf|pair
olive|broccoli|HasProperty|green
dishwasher|kettle|CapableOf|be plugged in
cherry|pear|HasA|(usually) edible skin
elbow|leg|CapableOf|carrying objects
celery|avocado|IsA|green vegetable
jacket|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
pliers|comb|HasA|sharp edge
rocker|fan|UsedFor|food
pear|grapefruit|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
fan|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
dishwasher|kettle|UsedFor|making food
giraffe|elephant|IsA|predator 
typewriter|crayon|IsA|construction tool
avocado|peach|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
helicopter|bowl|AtLocation|on water
tape|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
jacket|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
brow|mouth|PartOf|face
mouse|cat|IsA|household pet
bag|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
chisel|knife|UsedFor|crafts
mirror|lamp|IsA|nice smelling object
mackerel|tuna|IsA|fish
pencil|pen|CapableOf|print
floor|room|HasA|glass
asparagus|crab|AtLocation|on a farm
bedroom|inn|IsA|permanent structure
comb|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
spider|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
mother|cousin|HasA|a blood relation with you
peach|grapefruit|IsA|fruit
bottle|spoon|HasA|handle
grapefruit|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
potato|onions|IsA|food
gorilla|bison|HasA|antlers/tusks
cherry|prune|PartOf|a red the color of
spider|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
radio|fan|UsedFor|keeping things cool
beetle|worm|PartOf|water
brush|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
kidney|eye|IsA|organ
princess|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
snail|frog|IsA|plant
buffalo|cougar|IsA|has horns
jeep|wheel|AtLocation|in there
bison|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
skunk|alligator|HasA|horn
mixer|clamp|MadeOf|metal
deck|bar|PartOf|human body
fawn|elk|IsA|herbivore
cello|tuba|CapableOf|be held in hand
spade|willow|IsA|weapon
pear|grapefruit|IsA|more than one fruit
accordion|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
building|house|HasProperty|made of concrete
ship|helicopter|CapableOf|fly
elephant|horse|HasA|long neck
squirrel|crocodile|HasA|legs
perch|eel|HasA|shell
plum|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
porcupine|mink|AtLocation|carnivorous
forearm|arm|HasProperty|something humans have two of
coat|jacket|IsA|item of clothing
trumpet|clarinet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
rope|magazine|MadeOf|metal/steel
rattlesnake|squirrel|IsA|insect
saucer|balloon|CapableOf|float 
kettle|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
salmon|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
plate|bolts|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
grapefruit|raspberry|IsA|long fruit
clamp|rocker|IsA|digital device
stick|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
tower|floor|HasProperty|indoor
porcupine|groundhog|PartOf|herd
skunk|glass|IsA|plant
arm|bar|PartOf|room
trout|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
iguana|crocodile|HasA|a shell
barn|bedroom|PartOf|set of furniture
crayon|drill|PartOf|drawing
groundhog|raccoon|IsA|mammal
spatula|chisel|MadeOf|leather
squid|octopus|HasA|legs/tentacles 
crayon|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
typewriter|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
goat|donkey|HasProperty|fluffy
hose|faucet|CapableOf|work without electricity
cannon|drill|CapableOf|transport liquids
zebra|deer|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
skirt|blouse|IsA|item of clothing
whisky|wine|UsedFor|drinking
curtains|bed|UsedFor|sleep
jacket|pants|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
rocker|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
salmon|lobster|IsA|mollusk
scarf|pants|UsedFor|wearing
guitar|trumpet|IsA|wind instrument
lips|brow|PartOf|makeup regimen
roof|walls|HasProperty|typically vertical
chisel|typewriter|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
falcon|pigeon|HasA|wings
tray|blender|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
screwdriver|scissors|PartOf|what is the name of 
perch|crab|IsA|water animal
camel|horse|HasA|long neck
thigh|ankle|AtLocation|below waist
typewriter|screwdriver|HasA|bushy tail
crayon|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
car|truck|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
raccoon|squirrel|HasA|hair/fur
room|bar|PartOf|human body
bike|scooter|UsedFor|single person transport
clarinet|banjo|HasA|keys
camel|pony|UsedFor|riding
rabbit|elk|IsA|mammal
kidney|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
snail|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
fingers|finger|MadeOf|a whole body part
forearm|fingers|PartOf|upper body
glass|metal|CapableOf|burn
eggplant|corn|HasProperty|green
rocket|cannon|CapableOf|fire bullets
faucet|mixer|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
cupboard|dishwasher|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
goat|rabbit|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
buggy|truck|UsedFor|traveling over rough terrain
lamb|goat|MadeOf|something edible
deer|bison|IsA|typical pet
cow|mouse|HasA|eating
screwdriver|pliers|CapableOf|be used for drawing
cow|pony|IsA|typical pet
gun|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mother|daughter|IsA|car
cow|rabbit|IsA|carnivore 
daughter|father|IsA|direct relation with you
caribou|elk|HasA|antlers
door|cupboard|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
groundhog|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bed|bungalow|IsA|red home
skateboard|bike|CapableOf|hold more than one person
raccoon|hare|HasA|horn
nurse|actress|IsA|occupation
boots|trousers|IsA|typically female clothing item
coat|jeans|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
neck|lips|UsedFor|eating
tray|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
hose|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
ceiling|window|IsA|body part
liver|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
toaster|dishwasher|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
beaver|groundhog|HasA|hair/fur
trumpet|flute|HasA|keyboard
tractor|car|MadeOf|metal
worker|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
wrist|hand|HasProperty|part of a pair
perch|catfish|HasA|legs/tentacles 
prune|plum|HasA|peel
onions|olive|HasA|seeds
drill|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
cloak|jacket|HasProperty|something that is worn
asparagus|mackerel|HasA|legs
rabbit|raccoon|CapableOf|eat palm nuts
perch|octopus|HasA|shell
rope|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
bacon|supper|HasA|vegetable(s)
squirrel|cockroach|HasA|walking
horse|dog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
balloon|saucer|CapableOf|fly
strawberry|coconut|IsA|fruit
soup|bean|HasProperty|smaller than your thumb
toilet|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
stereo|fan|HasA|a type of metal
ceiling|walls|CapableOf|be used home
plum|prune|UsedFor|smoothies
ladle|colander|IsA|electric powered item
uncle|king|IsA|female
finger|fingers|HasA|more than one joint
deer|frog|IsA|teeth
spider|beetle|IsA|slow mover
deer|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
mixer|magazine|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
ox|bison|HasA|antler
groundhog|fawn|HasA|hair/fur
banana|prune|IsA|red  or orang
crocodile|rattlesnake|HasA|a shell
coyote|porcupine|HasA|long ears
turtle|caterpillar|IsA|plant
skunk|mole|IsA|animal with long ears
gown|socks|PartOf|lower waistline
elbow|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
barn|oak|IsA|red home
colander|spoon|UsedFor|washing dishes
cranberry|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
ant|spider|IsA|plant
deer|beaver|IsA|mammal
bike|boat|MadeOf|metal
knee|toe|AtLocation|upper body
screws|rocket|CapableOf|transport liquids
banana|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
lime|garlic|UsedFor|testy
coconut|beans|HasProperty|green
bone|kidney|HasProperty|liquid
bagpipe|flute|CapableOf|be held in hand
skirt|jeans|AtLocation|on lower body
donkey|cow|IsA|something a farmer would own
trout|lobster|IsA|mollusk
rabbit|lamb|IsA|n animal
eel|mackerel|AtLocation|at sea
roof|bathroom|CapableOf|be used home
rabbit|camel|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
sugar|sauce|UsedFor|recipes 
hose|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
trousers|socks|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
cat|rabbit|HasA|fur
actress|cousin|HasA|a blood relation with you
actress|woman|CapableOf|bear a child
bedroom|door|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
starling|seagull|HasA|large wing span
eggplant|beans|HasProperty|green
father|cousin|HasProperty|an older relative
woman|wife|IsA|family member
trout|catfish|HasA|shell
corn|beans|HasProperty|needs peeling
tuba|bagpipe|HasA|keys
salmon|chicken|IsA|mollusk
zebra|catfish|IsA|mollusk
banana|pineapple|IsA|citrus fruit
plug|stereo|AtLocation|kitchen
pencil|pen|UsedFor|drawing or painting
mixer|fan|CapableOf|provide water
deer|pony|AtLocation|pet store
toaster|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
magazine|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
mirror|scarf|MadeOf|metal
screwdriver|spatula|CapableOf|writing
frog|dog|UsedFor|food products
chandelier|lantern|MadeOf|/contain glass
moth|ant|HasProperty|an insect
dress|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
rope|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
skirt|pants|UsedFor|warming upper body
magazine|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
zebra|giraffe|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
cupboard|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
stove|fridge|IsA|electrical appliance
boat|jet|UsedFor|carrying 10 plus people
dress|skirt|IsA|piece of clothing
buggy|skis|HasA|wheels
giraffe|camel|HasA|trunk
chicken|rabbit|IsA|food
window|walls|PartOf|room
forearm|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
shrimp|octopus|HasA|legs
mackerel|crab|HasA|red shell when cooked
squirrel|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
harpsichord|violin|MadeOf|strings
skunk|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
wife|aunt|PartOf|close blood relative
daughter|girl|HasProperty|male
elephant|rabbit|IsA|household pet
actress|woman|IsA|female (strictly)
wheel|plug|CapableOf|provide water
cat|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
hut|cabin|HasA| 5 letters or less
girlfriend|mother|IsA|profession
mouth|lips|HasProperty|about mouth
rope|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
fridge|microwave|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
tuba|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
sack|shoes|HasA|sleeves
magazine|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
faucet|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
bed|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
fan|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
eye|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
comb|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
bed|wall|CapableOf|open/close
plug|rope|IsA|related to music 
rocket|wheel|IsA|vessel
typewriter|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
frog|dog|UsedFor|human transport
balloon|airplane|CapableOf|float 
woodpecker|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
perch|lobster|IsA|black and white
bridge|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
elephant|buffalo|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
pliers|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
hand|finger|HasProperty|related with hand
dress|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
skateboard|yacht|AtLocation|in water
princess|wife|HasA|green item of clothing
hawk|falcon|IsA|sea bird
tractor|wheel|AtLocation|in there
knife|chisel|CapableOf|print
trousers|jacket|UsedFor|feet
lantern|candle|HasProperty|electric powered
door|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
squirrel|raccoon|HasProperty|known for a bushy tail
sugar|steak|IsA|diary food
clock|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
forearm|fingers|MadeOf|upper body parts
raccoon|mink|IsA|otter
zebra|giraffe|HasA|horn
window|tower|UsedFor|tiling
lamp|lantern|HasProperty|electric powered
cat|snail|AtLocation|nature
cod|trout|HasA|fins
wrist|fingers|AtLocation|upper body
ceiling|floor|UsedFor|decoration
crocodile|dog|UsedFor|human transport
drill|wheel|UsedFor|restraining things
wheelbarrow|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
mole|mink|CapableOf|hunt other animals
comb|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
orange|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
toe|elbow|PartOf|upper body
bagpipe|clarinet|IsA|brass instrument
ankle|thigh|IsA|limb
worm|turtle|AtLocation|nature
bolts|wheel|IsA|firearm
wheel|plate|AtLocation|at home
jacket|skirt|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
bison|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
tuba|trombone|MadeOf|strings
candle|lamp|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
barrel|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
girlfriend|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
kidney|bone|IsA|cancer related card
brother|father|IsA|child
guitar|clarinet|HasA|keys
jacket|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|transporting things
trumpet|trombone|CapableOf|be played with mouth
bar|tower|AtLocation|outside a house
knife|pen|MadeOf|writing
daughter|girl|IsA|car
tower|roof|IsA|body part
faucet|tap|UsedFor|dispensing water
tiger|dog|HasProperty|fluffy
canoe|car|AtLocation|in there
liver|hair|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
kettle|bottle|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
cherry|raspberry|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
rifle|wheel|IsA|vessel
catfish|lobster|IsA|mollusk
helicopter|jet|CapableOf|float 
crayon|paintbrush|MadeOf|only metal
floor|window|IsA|part of a building
camel|elephant|AtLocation|typically europe
avocado|plum|HasA|stone 
tray|strainer|CapableOf|destroy a building
plum|cherry|HasProperty|purple
vulture|buzzard|HasProperty|a predator
olive|lemon|HasProperty|green
rabbit|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
dress|blouse|AtLocation|on neck
plate|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tape|radio|HasA|a type of metal
rattlesnake|groundhog|HasA|long ear
beetle|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
girl|wife|HasProperty|male
donkey|deer|IsA|teeth
finger|fingers|PartOf|body
banjo|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
stick|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
bison|camel|AtLocation|typically europe
flute|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
arm|neck|IsA|plural
tank|car|UsedFor|land suitable one
typewriter|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
tank|buggy|UsedFor|land suitable one
cat|donkey|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
asparagus|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
apartment|cottage|IsA|component of a home
onions|corn|UsedFor|meat replacement
moth|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
garlic|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
microwave|kettle|UsedFor|heating items up
wheel|truck|HasA|wheels
mirror|tray|UsedFor|lighting
paintbrush|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
sister|wife|HasA|child
faucet|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
hand|bathroom|PartOf|house
car|wheel|CapableOf|hold more than one person
fawn|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
hand|wrist|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
rocker|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
sailboat|canoe|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
accordion|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
raccoon|squirrel|IsA|mammal
porcupine|beaver|CapableOf|attack human
fridge|rocker|MadeOf|maybe
foot|knees|PartOf|lower body
wheel|boat|HasA|wheels
olive|lime|CapableOf|delicious
gown|dress|IsA|an accessory
whisky|soup|HasProperty|a liquid
plug|tape|UsedFor|water
boy|mother|UsedFor|transportation
rifle|shotgun|CapableOf|blow things up
crayon|paintbrush|UsedFor|cutting
body|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
sheep|cow|UsedFor|food products
jacket|dress|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
guitar|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
knife|crayon|MadeOf|writing
buggy|yacht|MadeOf|metal
typewriter|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
dress|jeans|UsedFor|warming upper body
pipe|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
mole|coyote|HasA|hair/fur
drill|pipe|CapableOf|be used in home
cathedral|gate|HasA| place for worship
hawk|eagle|IsA|dangerous bird
cow|camel|IsA|typical pet
lantern|chandelier|CapableOf|move
drill|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
kettle|stove|PartOf|kitchen appliance
squirrel|iguana|HasA| 4 limbs
mouth|neck|CapableOf| taste
aunt|girl|IsA|male
window|bathroom|PartOf|body
spear|spade|IsA|weapon 
eye|kidney|IsA|edible part of other animals
parakeet|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
dishwasher|fridge|CapableOf|be held in your hand
wheel|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
potato|onions|IsA|animal
shotgun|cannon|UsedFor|work
yacht|boat|UsedFor|eating
cranberry|strawberry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
magazine|rock|HasA|a type of metal
coat|pants|IsA|accessory
cherry|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
cannon|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
catfish|perch|HasA|red shell when cooked
girl|woman|IsA|female
tape|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
actress|sister|IsA|profession
brother|prince|IsA|son of your grandpa
chicken|perch|IsA|fish
skirt|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
clarinet|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
shoes|pants|HasA|sleeves
candle|lamp|UsedFor|providing light
comb|spatula|CapableOf|print
wasp|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
banana|pear|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
tap|tape|IsA|electronic device
shoes|boots|AtLocation|foot
scarf|skirt|CapableOf|be worn
mole|hare|IsA|mink
wheel|faucet|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
pants|dress|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
cannon|plate|CapableOf|transport liquids
stove|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
skin|bone|AtLocation|on head
clamp|rope|UsedFor|restraining things
meal|soup|MadeOf|meat
lantern|chandelier|MadeOf|metal
potatoes|wine|IsA|diary food
strawberry|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
tower|ceiling|PartOf|human body
lantern|candle|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
asparagus|catfish|IsA|one syllable word
leg|neck|HasProperty|related with hand
turtle|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
bedroom|carpet|CapableOf|be used to sleep
parakeet|duck|HasA|large wingspan
scooter|boat|MadeOf|metal
pants|scarf|IsA|item of clothing
camel|crocodile|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
bedroom|door|MadeOf|wood typically
cow|cat|HasProperty|four-legged
doctor|father|IsA|male
fan|faucet|CapableOf|be turned on
tape|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
mink|otter|AtLocation|on  a tree
bison|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
bag|sack|IsA|an accessory
man|worker|HasA|color
squirrel|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
lamp|cigarette|UsedFor|camping gear
doctor|worker|IsA|profession
mole|rabbit|AtLocation|on  a tree
groundhog|coyote|HasA|hooves
clamp|tap|CapableOf|make sound
candle|mirror|UsedFor|wearing
hyena|zebra|IsA|has horns
wheel|car|UsedFor|snow
rocket|plate|UsedFor|building
stove|freezer|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
mink|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
lips|nose|CapableOf| taste
elephant|donkey|AtLocation|pet store
boy|man|IsA|occupation
fan|rock|MadeOf|metal/steel
soup|supper|HasProperty|meaty
elk|giraffe|IsA|predator 
octopus|mackerel|HasA|shell
stereo|radio|AtLocation|at an electronics store
cat|mouse|IsA|household pet
wrist|elbow|HasA|less than three joints
kettle|stove|CapableOf|be plugged in
elephant|bison|MadeOf|a living thing
nose|brow|IsA|part of the body
mixer|stereo|UsedFor|dispensing water
kettle|stove|UsedFor|cooking food
elephant|ox|CapableOf|carry a adult human
cherry|pepper|HasProperty|green
frog|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
sister|wife|IsA|direct or immediate relation
hose|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
bed|barn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
camel|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
cucumber|olive|IsA|fruit
clamp|plug|CapableOf|provide water
roof|room|IsA|part of a building
screws|cannon|IsA|vessel
blood|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
garlic|cherry|UsedFor|testy
finger|hand|IsA|plural
squirrel|skunk|HasA|hooves
catfish|mackerel|HasA|fins
bayonet|spear|IsA|tree
pants|socks|AtLocation|on lower body
hare|fawn|IsA|mammal
mother|girl|HasProperty|male
fridge|blender|HasProperty|consuming electricity
aunt|princess|HasProperty|male
garlic|orange|CapableOf|delicious
duck|starling|HasA|large wing span
mother|nurse|IsA|car
beaver|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
camel|cart|HasA|long neck
banjo|guitar|HasA|tube
hare|rabbit|IsA|animal with long ears
hare|deer|HasA|hair/fur
catfish|tuna|IsA|water animal
room|deck|PartOf|building
frog|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
daughter|cousin|HasA|child
princess|worker|HasProperty|royalty
crayon|razor|MadeOf|writing
cat|squirrel|PartOf|water
rock|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
fawn|beaver|IsA|predator
church|cottage|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
woman|mother|MadeOf|metal
paintbrush|screwdriver|IsA|metal
pants|trousers|HasProperty|worn below the waist
rope|barrel|IsA|firearm
bedroom|cupboard|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
beans|corn|HasProperty|green (most part)
duck|pelican|IsA|bird of prey
mouth|tongue|HasProperty|about mouth
screwdriver|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cougar|crocodile|IsA|has horns
spatula|drill|UsedFor|writing
coat|clock|IsA|hospital equipment
hand|finger|AtLocation|on furniture
rattlesnake|iguana|IsA|mammal
pencil|brush|CapableOf|print
screws|tray|CapableOf|destroy a building
crocodile|rattlesnake|HasProperty|dangerous
boots|shoes|IsA|piece of clothing
hose|faucet|UsedFor|entertainment
scarf|necklace|HasProperty|something to be worn
grapefruit|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
bridge|building|AtLocation|at your home
mole|rabbit|AtLocation|underground
thigh|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
pants|blouse|IsA|item of clothing
trumpet|accordion|MadeOf|strings
cherry|cheese|HasA|eatable shell or peel
arm|wrist|PartOf|the upper body
pony|deer|HasA|fur
closet|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
sack|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
bed|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
beaver|squirrel|IsA|herbivore
cousin|boy|IsA|professional
bison|cougar|IsA|predator 
inn|house|UsedFor|sleeping in
grapefruit|raspberry|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
skunk|hare|CapableOf|be held 
spatula|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
cat|goat|UsedFor|riding
sled|yacht|UsedFor|riding on water
barrel|tank|MadeOf|metal
canoe|yacht|AtLocation|in there
avocado|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
mink|beaver|AtLocation|underground
stove|blender|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
tower|room|HasA|glass
deer|donkey|IsA|typical pet
scissors|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
oven|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
whisky|sauce|IsA|diary food
cow|sheep|HasA|fur
cousin|princess|IsA|sibling
daughter|woman|IsA|female
neck|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
roof|tower|IsA|body part
hut|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
trumpet|banjo|CapableOf|be held in hand
donkey|deer|AtLocation|jungle
elk|beaver|IsA|mammal
tray|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
building|inn|AtLocation|at your home
avocado|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
cabin|tent|HasProperty|a black and white picture
cabin|church|HasProperty|a black and white picture
raccoon|beaver|CapableOf|climb trees
goat|cow|HasA|horn on head
bar|window|IsA|part of a building
carpet|wall|CapableOf|open/close
kettle|spoon|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
candle|lantern|IsA|home appliance
sugar|butter|IsA|liquid
corn|celery|IsA|fruit
wheel|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
spatula|stick|UsedFor|grooming
caterpillar|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
zebra|giraffe|AtLocation|in water
perch|catfish|HasA|legs
crocodile|hyena|IsA|has horns
jacket|skirt|PartOf|pair
bathroom|walls|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
orange|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
grenade|barrel|UsedFor|firing artillery
sink|fridge|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
elbow|hand|PartOf|lower body
hand|arm|PartOf|lower body
cupboard|sink|AtLocation|on a countertop
rabbit|horse|UsedFor|food products
rabbit|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
crayon|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pigeon|pelican|CapableOf|attack others
stereo|mixer|AtLocation|kitchen
cat|dog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
skateboard|skis|AtLocation|in there
princess|actress|HasProperty|a picture of a female
pear|plum|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
eye|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
bed|tent|IsA|religious place
paintbrush|knife|HasProperty|cutting
bolts|barrel|CapableOf|be used in home
avocado|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
ceiling|room|PartOf|human body
grenade|cannon|IsA|weapon
screws|rocket|IsA|vessel
arm|ankle|IsA|plural
wheel|barrel|UsedFor|daily usage 
actress|worker|IsA|noun
elbow|eye|IsA|limb
wine|sauce|IsA|diary food
woodpecker|dove|CapableOf|be a household pet
elbow|wrist|HasA|more than one joint
coat|pants|MadeOf|threads
princess|girlfriend|HasProperty|exclusively female
banana|grapefruit|IsA|fruit
cupboard|door|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
screws|pipe|AtLocation|on car
room|ceiling|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
drill|bolts|CapableOf|be used in home
tank|yacht|MadeOf|metal
bucket|pot|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
peach|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
throat|neck|PartOf|face
rifle|rocket|HasProperty|tiger
avocado|beans|HasProperty|yellow or orange
trumpet|saxophone|MadeOf|metal
mole|hare|MadeOf|green
salmon|cod|HasA|shell
goat|rabbit|IsA|carnivore 
trumpet|flute|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
stereo|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
buffalo|bison|IsA|predator 
orange|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
duck|eagle|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
cherry|coconut|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
brother|cousin|IsA|title
boy|cousin|IsA|profession
boots|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
actress|boy|MadeOf|metal
cello|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
pipe|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
man|girl|IsA|job or profession
car|tractor|AtLocation|in water
giraffe|horse|HasA|stripes
finger|hand|IsA|body part
gorilla|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
dress|skirt|HasA|two seperate pant legs
deer|skunk|IsA|predator
microwave|magazine|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
mixer|plug|IsA|electronic device
lantern|lamp|CapableOf|be set alight with match
knife|stick|CapableOf|to paint
bagpipe|flute|UsedFor|sound
lamb|rabbit|IsA|n animal
cow|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
catfish|cod|HasA|legs/tentacles 
comb|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
skin|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
skis|wheel|UsedFor|eating
goat|cow|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
dog|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
horse|bison|UsedFor|riding
lips|brow|IsA|(one of five) human senses
cherry|avocado|HasA|single hard pit
inn|cottage|HasA|own altar
clamp|bolts|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
banana|pear|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
throat|lips|UsedFor|eating
tap|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
rattlesnake|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
hawk|eagle|CapableOf|fly
nurse|worker|IsA|female
tank|jeep|AtLocation|in there
fawn|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
strainer|tank|HasA|round shape
pipe|strainer|MadeOf|wood
car|buggy|CapableOf|carry multiple people
saucer|helicopter|IsA| mode of transportation 
nose|throat|CapableOf| taste
rope|hose|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
fan|mixer|CapableOf|be turned on
airplane|ship|UsedFor|transportation
goat|horse|IsA|carnivore 
blender|spoon|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
wine|milk|IsA|liquid
brow|nose|IsA|pink face feature
closet|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
nail|body|AtLocation|on the inside
stick|pliers|CapableOf|writing
cabin|cottage|UsedFor|human living
raccoon|mink|CapableOf|climb trees
ant|butterfly|IsA|plant
celery|onions|IsA|fruit
toe|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
rope|tap|CapableOf|make sound
drill|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
brush|pen|HasA|keyboard
fawn|hare|HasProperty|living in water
cousin|worker|IsA|male
cat|cow|UsedFor|riding
frog|sheep|IsA|something a farmer would own
cherry|avocado|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
harpsichord|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
rabbit|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
crocodile|frog|UsedFor|human transport
oven|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
brow|mouth|AtLocation|below mouth
shirt|jeans|HasA|wheel
daughter|wife|IsA|immediate relation with you
trumpet|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
cart|elephant|HasA|horn
wall|curtains|CapableOf|open/close
gun|rifle|CapableOf|be used in home
falcon|kite|PartOf|wild life
floor|window|UsedFor|decoration
cousin|princess|IsA|family member
arm|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
crab|chicken|HasA|fins
rattlesnake|worm|PartOf|water
squirrel|mole|UsedFor|swimming
radio|magazine|CapableOf|working
floor|window|HasA|diagram on it
porcupine|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
saxophone|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
mink|skunk|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
frog|butterfly|CapableOf|crawl 
girlfriend|aunt|CapableOf|become pregnant 
jeep|boat|UsedFor|delivering parcels
potato|onions|MadeOf|something edible
worker|girlfriend|HasProperty|a picture of a female
forearm|finger|IsA|plural
closet|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
fingers|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
prune|pear|IsA|long fruit
throat|tongue|CapableOf| taste
father|uncle|IsA|female
arm|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
cherry|onions|HasProperty|green
cherry|garlic|PartOf|eating
rabbit|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
shoulder|arm|AtLocation|in your upper body
typewriter|drill|UsedFor|grooming
room|deck|AtLocation|above your head in general
bolts|rope|CapableOf|transport liquids
giraffe|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
fan|fridge|MadeOf|maybe
radio|plug|IsA|digital device
faucet|plug|HasA|a type of metal
stereo|mixer|UsedFor|dispensing water
forearm|ankle|IsA|plural
potatoes|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
garlic|coconut|MadeOf|juice making
ceiling|bar|PartOf|building
pear|grapefruit|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
forearm|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
wheel|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|hold water
elbow|wrist|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
buffalo|deer|HasA|horn or antler
plate|barrel|UsedFor|daily usage 
grenade|plate|IsA|vessel
shrimp|eel|IsA|mollusk
snail|worm|CapableOf|fly
kidney|liver|AtLocation|on your head
bagpipe|flute|MadeOf|strings
prune|plum|IsA|fruit
lantern|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
foot|leg|PartOf|the upper body
hand|neck|HasA|less than three joints
fan|radio|IsA|digital device
daughter|mother|HasProperty|female
skirt|blouse|CapableOf|be worn
chisel|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
spider|flea|HasA|walking
ceiling|window|PartOf|human body
snail|frog|PartOf|water
plate|rocket|IsA|firearm
squirrel|hare|CapableOf|running fast
scarf|blouse|UsedFor|wearing
bagpipe|clarinet|HasA|strings
beaver|groundhog|IsA|predator
clarinet|trombone|CapableOf|be blown into
saxophone|flute|HasA|keyboard
woodpecker|stork|HasProperty|a predator
cannon|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
ankle|foot|AtLocation|below your waist
oak|bungalow|IsA|red home
truck|car|IsA|powered vehicle
moth|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
skunk|mole|HasA|long tail
pepper|beans|HasProperty|green
worker|girl|IsA|female
squirrel|skunk|IsA|mammal
pants|dress|HasProperty|worn on the neck
cheetah|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
skunk|squirrel|UsedFor|swimming
camel|cow|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
bathroom|tower|PartOf|garage
skirt|gown|HasA|two seperate pant legs
elbow|hand|HasProperty|lower body
floor|walls|AtLocation|at ground level
onions|potato|PartOf|stir fry
window|floor|PartOf|room
falcon|eagle|IsA|bird of prey
screwdriver|pen|AtLocation|construction site
paintbrush|screwdriver|PartOf|drawing
carpet|curtains|CapableOf|contain items
cat|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
rifle|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
willow|broom|IsA|man made item
jeans|pants|PartOf|lower waistline
zebra|camel|HasA|horn or antler
rabbit|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
knife|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
turtle|beetle|AtLocation|nature
rabbit|sheep|HasA| mane (hair on it)
comb|pencil|CapableOf|print
bagpipe|flute|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
otter|mink|IsA|otter
chisel|scissors|HasA|sharp cutting edge
candle|lantern|UsedFor|camping gear
roof|floor|PartOf|house
beaver|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
mink|hare|PartOf|herd
ceiling|walls|PartOf|human body
tape|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rocker|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
hare|raccoon|CapableOf|hunt other animals
roof|arm|PartOf|house
donkey|deer|HasA|fur
plug|fan|MadeOf|metal
bathroom|room|AtLocation|above your head
trumpet|flute|UsedFor|sound
tiger|pony|HasA| mane (hair on it)
jeep|boat|UsedFor|farming
hose|faucet|PartOf|tire
coconut|pineapple|HasA|usually inedible skin
sink|oven|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
father|princess|IsA|female
buggy|skateboard|HasA|wheels
camel|elk|MadeOf|a living thing
rocker|tape|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
chandelier|mirror|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
dishwasher|blender|CapableOf|make things cold
bed|carpet|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
cockroach|worm|HasProperty|an insect
bowl|helicopter|CapableOf|float 
goat|chicken|CapableOf|eating
duck|stork|HasProperty|a predator
trout|asparagus|HasA|legs
flea|cockroach|IsA|bug
hare|mole|IsA|otter
elbow|ankle|AtLocation|on head
catfish|tuna|HasA|shell
porcupine|raccoon|HasA|long ear
fan|wheel|MadeOf|paper
neck|finger|HasProperty|used affected during make up
butterfly|caterpillar|HasA|no legs
skirt|dress|IsA|item of clothing
ant|turtle|CapableOf|flying
pear|pineapple|HasProperty|yellow
wheel|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
mole|coyote|HasA|long ear
skis|truck|UsedFor|single person transport
microwave|tray|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
finger|fingers|IsA|part of a building
harmonica|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
wheel|rock|IsA|digital device
girlfriend|girl|HasProperty|male
eagle|vulture|CapableOf|attack others
harpsichord|piano|HasA|strings
comb|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
cupboard|tray|CapableOf|can you sit on it
pants|dress|UsedFor|wearing
knees|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
screws|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
wheel|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
tray|blender|AtLocation|in the kitchen
avocado|pear|HasProperty|yellow
ship|jet|UsedFor|carrying 10 plus people
scissors|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
pants|gown|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
cannon|bolts|CapableOf|use electricity
foot|knee|IsA|plural
faucet|tap|UsedFor|entertainment
cherry|plum|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
saxophone|clarinet|IsA|wind instrument
closet|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
fingers|elbow|MadeOf|upper body parts
skirt|jeans|AtLocation|foot
clarinet|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
fawn|mink|CapableOf|be held 
tiger|camel|HasA|horn
skunk|hare|AtLocation|carnivorous
airplane|saucer|IsA| mode of transportation 
blender|dishwasher|UsedFor|heating items up
zebra|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
pants|jeans|PartOf|pair
elk|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
roof|ceiling|UsedFor|defense
raspberry|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
wheel|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
cockroach|moth|IsA|bug
screws|bolts|IsA|firearm
garlic|peach|HasProperty|yellow
elbow|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
room|bathroom|PartOf|a house
rabbit|squirrel|UsedFor|swimming
cannon|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
oven|rock|UsedFor|food
boy|actress|IsA|car
onions|celery|IsA|fruit
cheese|cherry|MadeOf|juice making
rocker|rock|IsA|electric 
princess|nurse|HasProperty|a picture of a female
caterpillar|snail|HasA|wings
drill|knife|CapableOf|be used for drawing
supper|sandwich|MadeOf|meat
finger|ceiling|PartOf|house
duck|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
brush|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cannon|grenade|MadeOf|wood (partially)
cupboard|door|AtLocation|in the kitchen
rabbit|deer|HasProperty|living in water
sheep|dog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
cougar|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
body|skin|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
screws|pistol|UsedFor|shooting
cousin|girlfriend|IsA|female
nurse|woman|IsA|male
toaster|tray|CapableOf|hold water
boy|doctor|HasProperty|male
skirt|pants|CapableOf|keep legs warm
rocket|barrel|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
oven|radio|UsedFor|keeping things cool
pipe|barrel|IsA|firearm
raspberry|plum|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
shrimp|lobster|HasA|legs
guitar|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
liver|kidney|AtLocation|on head
raspberry|pear|HasA|big seed
saucer|ship|AtLocation|in the air
prune|grapefruit|IsA|more than one fruit
cousin|aunt|AtLocation|in a castle
forearm|arm|AtLocation|below waist
blouse|socks|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
scissors|chisel|HasA|sharp cutting edge
nurse|mother|HasA|an adult on it
groundhog|raccoon|HasA|hooves
cranberry|lemon|IsA|physical fruit or veg
faucet|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
chisel|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
kidney|muscle|HasA|bones
tower|window|AtLocation|at ground level
ceiling|floor|HasProperty|vertical
boy|girl|IsA|car
coconut|orange|IsA|vegetable
chocolate|salad|UsedFor|desserts
trout|salmon|IsA|name begging with c
frog|cat|AtLocation|nature
prune|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
scissors|pencil|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
crocodile|alligator|AtLocation|in a river 
woman|nurse|CapableOf|bear a child
walls|roof|UsedFor|tiling
cigarette|lamp|HasProperty|quite small
crocodile|deer|IsA|type of big cat
pear|banana|PartOf|a red the color of
bungalow|apartment|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
coyote|groundhog|HasA|hooves
barrel|screws|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
wheel|tap|IsA|digital device
mixer|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
beetle|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly
cougar|elephant|UsedFor|crossing deserts
eye|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
ant|rattlesnake|AtLocation|nature
boots|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
microwave|fridge|CapableOf|working
room|deck|PartOf|human body
cucumber|corn|IsA|fruit
sled|sailboat|HasA|wheels
bathroom|roof|PartOf|garage
mixer|plug|AtLocation|kitchen
sheep|cow|HasA|fur
salmon|mackerel|HasA|legs
cockroach|moth|HasA|walking
mother|actress|IsA|noun
crab|trout|HasA|red shell when cooked
fan|radio|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
cannon|plate|CapableOf|use electricity
cougar|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
pot|bucket|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
elbow|arm|AtLocation|bottom half of body
catfish|cod|AtLocation|in sea
hose|rope|CapableOf|be used in home
plate|hose|UsedFor|daily usage 
squirrel|hare|PartOf|herd
shirt|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|transporting things
door|wall|CapableOf|be used to sleep
wrist|forearm|MadeOf|upper body parts
rabbit|squirrel|CapableOf|hunt other animals
guitar|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
hare|mink|PartOf|herd
toe|foot|PartOf|the upper body
tank|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
peach|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
bolts|rope|CapableOf|be launched/fired
brush|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
necklace|dress|CapableOf|be worn
butterfly|wasp|HasA|wings
tower|room|PartOf|building
hare|porcupine|PartOf|herd
deer|cougar|IsA|predator 
rattlesnake|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
paintbrush|pen|IsA|cuting
grenade|rifle|HasProperty|made for violence
pipe|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bedroom|bridge|IsA|religious place
butterfly|spider|IsA|bug
stove|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
screws|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
rabbit|lamb|HasProperty|furry
cat|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
forearm|finger|MadeOf|a whole body part
cloak|jacket|IsA|logo
turtle|flea|AtLocation|nature
raft|canoe|AtLocation|in there
hair|foot|AtLocation|below the knee
pistol|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
airplane|balloon|HasA|the ability to fly
truck|jeep|HasA|wheels
bolts|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
father|brother|HasProperty|a family member
hand|forearm|AtLocation|in your upper body
door|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pipe|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
cannon|rope|CapableOf|transport liquids
skirt|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
pear|raspberry|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
aunt|daughter|HasA|blood relationship with you
rocker|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
olive|cheese|CapableOf|delicious
trousers|jeans|HasProperty|usually blue
body|toe|HasA|bones
seagull|dove|HasA|large wing span
cabin|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
nail|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
comb|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
princess|cousin|HasProperty|older than you
bolts|plate|CapableOf|use electricity
mole|raccoon|UsedFor|swimming
door|bed|MadeOf|wood
rabbit|groundhog|AtLocation|underground
trout|lobster|IsA|water animal
goat|bison|HasProperty|fluffy
woman|actress|UsedFor|transportation
socks|jeans|IsA|piece of clothing
gun|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
hyena|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
foot|leg|HasProperty|below the waist 
garlic|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
inn|gate|IsA|permanent structure
stereo|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
clamp|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
beetle|caterpillar|IsA|plant
cupboard|toilet|UsedFor|making food
sailboat|raft|HasA|an engine
crab|shrimp|IsA|black and white
apartment|bungalow|PartOf|set of furniture
beaver|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
tuna|trout|HasA|red shell when cooked
wife|princess|IsA|family member
sauce|wine|IsA|diary food
shrimp|asparagus|AtLocation|on a farm
chandelier|lantern|IsA|nice smelling object
boat|canoe|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
bathroom|ceiling|UsedFor|tiling
typewriter|knife|UsedFor|grooming
violin|banjo|UsedFor|sound
trousers|jeans|IsA|piece of clothing
elbow|arm|AtLocation|on head
brother|cousin|IsA|family
elephant|giraffe|IsA|predator 
wheel|tape|IsA|electric 
cigarette|lantern|UsedFor|wearing
bungalow|chapel|IsA|component of a home
jeans|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
harp|saxophone|HasA|keys
boat|canoe|UsedFor|riding on water
rocker|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
nose|lips|PartOf|makeup regimen
cat|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
boy|woman|UsedFor|food
cougar|zebra|IsA|type of cat
typewriter|pencil|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
ant|worm|IsA|slow mover
actress|father|HasProperty|a picture of a female
donkey|deer|IsA|typical pet
kidney|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
soup|potatoes|IsA|diary food
coat|dress|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
harp|flute|MadeOf|strings
apartment|building|IsA|component of a home
skunk|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
magazine|rocker|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
woman|boy|IsA|noun
closet|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
building|bedroom|IsA|place to live permanently
scarf|lamp|MadeOf|metal
cottage|house|IsA|religion buildings
stereo|plug|CapableOf|work without electricity
colander|kettle|CapableOf|make things cold
girlfriend|wife|HasProperty|exclusively female
caterpillar|spider|IsA|slow mover
pineapple|prune|IsA|fruit
tractor|buggy|UsedFor|eating
spoon|colander|CapableOf|make things cold
skunk|hare|HasA|horn
actress|nurse|HasA|a blood relation with you
chisel|pliers|CapableOf|to paint
giraffe|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
fawn|mole|HasProperty|living in water
thigh|shoulder|IsA|joint
hut|house|HasA| 5 letters or less
oven|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
goat|tomato|IsA|food
beaver|squirrel|IsA|predator
radio|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
fawn|skunk|IsA|herbivore
wheel|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
saucer|balloon|AtLocation|in water
squid|perch|IsA|fish
cockroach|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
whisky|beer|UsedFor|drinking
plum|grapefruit|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
bar|ceiling|IsA|body part
bridge|gate|UsedFor|religious gatherings
knee|toe|PartOf|the upper body
kidney|arm|AtLocation|on head
radio|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
tape|rocker|MadeOf|paper
crocodile|camel|HasA|trunk
eel|tuna|IsA|one syllable word
ant|flea|HasA|wings
dishwasher|stove|UsedFor|storing food 
cart|zebra|AtLocation|in africa
gun|tank|CapableOf|be used one-handed
microwave|fridge|IsA|electrical appliance
cherry|lemon|HasProperty|sweet
crocodile|cougar|IsA|type of cat
tiger|giraffe|HasA|trunk
hut|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
horse|giraffe|CapableOf|fly
knee|leg|AtLocation|on lower body
pineapple|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
chisel|knife|CapableOf|to paint
dove|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
banjo|piano|IsA|wind instrument
sparrow|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
clock|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
airplane|helicopter|UsedFor|transportation
skis|car|UsedFor|single person transport
hand|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
deer|cow|IsA|teeth
tower|ceiling|HasProperty|enclosed
flute|guitar|MadeOf|metal
trumpet|saxophone|CapableOf|be blown into
cannon|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
banana|grapefruit|IsA|more than one fruit
cow|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
trumpet|tuba|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
coat|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
frog|flea|IsA|colorful 
leg|knees|AtLocation|upper body
beans|eggplant|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
shirt|coat|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
crocodile|rattlesnake|IsA|reptile
boat|bowl|AtLocation|in the air
boat|canoe|UsedFor|eating
princess|daughter|CapableOf|become pregnant 
foot|knee|AtLocation|below the waist 
pen|pencil|HasA|keyboard
trout|shrimp|IsA|water animal
owl|vulture|HasProperty|a predator
drill|tank|IsA|firearm
spatula|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
hand|fingers|IsA|body part
raccoon|otter|MadeOf|green
skunk|porcupine|CapableOf|climb trees
bone|skin|AtLocation|on head
bedroom|bungalow|IsA|red home
stick|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
mother|girlfriend|IsA|car
sheep|tiger|UsedFor|riding
candle|lamp|MadeOf|/contain glass
princess|cousin|IsA|car
bar|tower|PartOf|building
clamp|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
jeans|pants|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
frog|horse|AtLocation|pet store
necklace|scarf|AtLocation|on neck
harmonica|flute|MadeOf|strings
mixer|radio|IsA|related to music 
microwave|cupboard|CapableOf|hold water
meal|sandwich|HasProperty|a single item
horse|deer|HasA| mane (hair on it)
clamp|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
frog|ant|IsA|colorful 
hose|wheel|IsA|electric 
jeep|car|CapableOf|hold more than one person
crayon|brush|AtLocation|construction site
turtle|crocodile|HasA|legs
razor|spatula|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
beetle|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
grenade|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
radio|rope|IsA|digital device
kite|duck|CapableOf|fly
ankle|leg|PartOf|lower body
nail|ankle|PartOf|the images displayed
cherry|raspberry|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
crayon|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
barrel|hose|CapableOf|store or transport water
bone|muscle|HasProperty|liquid
beetle|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
accordion|flute|HasA|keys
bedroom|sofa|UsedFor|sleep
ceiling|window|HasProperty|an enclosed space
cockroach|moth|CapableOf|fly
paintbrush|drill|UsedFor|grooming
saxophone|trombone|HasA|keyboard
rifle|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
toilet|bed|UsedFor|making food
prune|avocado|HasProperty|sweet
scarf|necklace|CapableOf|give off light/glow
rattlesnake|squirrel|HasA|horn
floor|bathroom|HasProperty|enclosed
finger|toe|HasProperty|something humans have two of
moth|spider|IsA|insect
pliers|stick|PartOf|drawing
cello|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
inn|bridge|HasA|own altar
faucet|plug|MadeOf|metal
butterfly|wasp|CapableOf|fly 
throat|finger|PartOf|face
dog|horse|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
fawn|squirrel|IsA|mammal
pencil|scissors|PartOf|drawing
gorilla|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
jacket|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
arm|bone|IsA|part of the skeleton
trumpet|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
cockroach|moth|IsA|colorful 
magazine|rocker|IsA|electric 
son|uncle|AtLocation|royal meeting room
meat|butter|UsedFor|dessert
tiger|elephant|CapableOf|fly
mirror|lamp|MadeOf|/contain glass
skirt|bag|HasA|sleeves
mink|mole|IsA|mink
sled|canoe|UsedFor|riding on water
strawberry|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
doctor|princess|IsA|occupation
wife|girlfriend|HasA|a blood relation with you
deer|hare|HasProperty|living in water
pear|strawberry|IsA|fruit
candle|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
tape|rope|MadeOf|paper
nurse|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
flute|tuba|IsA|wind instrument
room|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head
trombone|piano|MadeOf|wood
bowl|jet|IsA| mode of transportation 
door|freezer|UsedFor|making food
paintbrush|screwdriver|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rock|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
avocado|cherry|HasA|stone 
raft|sailboat|AtLocation|in water
wall|sofa|PartOf|the entrance to a room
wheelbarrow|boots|HasA|sleeves
brush|pen|IsA|cuting
tent|cabin|HasA| 5 letters or less
camel|donkey|CapableOf|be domesticated
mink|groundhog|CapableOf|climb trees
banana|pineapple|HasProperty|mostly yellow
bison|deer|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
coat|blouse|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
rattlesnake|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
clarinet|trombone|HasA|strings
frog|mouse|IsA|common pet
window|bathroom|HasA|diagram on it
seagull|hawk|HasProperty|a predator
bedroom|church|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
rattlesnake|cat|IsA|colorful 
eggplant|corn|UsedFor|cleaning
lemon|cherry|CapableOf|spices
freezer|blender|UsedFor|heating items up
buggy|jeep|AtLocation|in there
blender|spoon|UsedFor|washing dishes
paintbrush|typewriter|MadeOf|only metal
mixer|wheel|MadeOf|paper
horse|zebra|HasA|trunk
nurse|actress|PartOf|hospital staff
mole|deer|HasA|hair/fur
cousin|father|IsA|profession
raccoon|mole|IsA|herbivore
gown|coat|HasA|sleeves
girlfriend|wife|HasProperty|female
paintbrush|scissors|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
bolts|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
blender|kettle|HasProperty|electrically powered
caribou|elephant|CapableOf|carry a adult human
ant|beetle|HasA|legs, six or more
mink|squirrel|HasA|long tail
toilet|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
screwdriver|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cupboard|door|MadeOf|wood
flea|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
spider|moth|CapableOf|walk fast
cannon|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
spoon|colander|IsA|electric powered item
cockroach|wasp|CapableOf|fly
apartment|cottage|UsedFor|human living
bar|window|AtLocation|above your head in general
building|barn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
turtle|crocodile|CapableOf|be found in the water
prune|plum|HasProperty|sweet
pen|pencil|CapableOf|print
chicken|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
worker|mother|IsA|car
bison|horse|HasProperty|fluffy
finger|wrist|IsA|plural
raccoon|hare|IsA|mink
bar|floor|IsA|part of a building
cougar|hyena|MadeOf|a living thing
eel|asparagus|HasA|legs
potatoes|sugar|AtLocation|in the ground
ceiling|window|HasProperty|vertical
strawberry|prune|HasA|stone 
wheel|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
shoes|bag|HasA|sleeves
plate|wheel|PartOf|any of various units of 
giraffe|camel|HasA|hump
donkey|cat|IsA|something a farmer would own
frog|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk fast
wheel|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
toe|leg|IsA|joint
typewriter|crayon|MadeOf|only metal
elbow|arm|HasProperty|lower body
knife|drill|UsedFor|crafts
cupboard|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
ceiling|roof|PartOf|building
squirrel|hare|HasA|hair/fur
cat|goat|CapableOf|be domesticated
thigh|foot|IsA|plural
tin|mink|IsA|bottle
brush|crayon|PartOf|what is the name of 
spatula|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
elbow|finger|AtLocation|below waist
crocodile|tiger|IsA|something a farmer would own
tap|radio|MadeOf|paper
raccoon|deer|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
cottage|apartment|HasA|start with a b
turtle|crocodile|HasA|four feet
wife|man|IsA|profession
plate|rope|CapableOf|use electricity
cougar|bison|IsA|type of cat
raft|yacht|UsedFor|eating
typewriter|spatula|CapableOf|print
sparrow|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
clamp|stereo|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
elbow|knee|IsA|plural
wrist|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
blouse|skirt|IsA|accessory
turtle|butterfly|IsA|plant
giraffe|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
crab|asparagus|HasA|fins
floor|room|CapableOf|let in air
giraffe|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
pen|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
gun|cannon|IsA|vessel
cousin|daughter|PartOf|your family
tuba|guitar|MadeOf|strings
scissors|typewriter|MadeOf|writing
bridge|bedroom|IsA|permanent structure
moth|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
banjo|saxophone|IsA|wind instrument
cherry|cheese|MadeOf|juice making
drill|comb|HasA|sharp edge
cello|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
wasp|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
rock|plug|CapableOf|provide water
fridge|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
cockroach|caterpillar|IsA|bug
cucumber|lemon|IsA|fruit
bag|gown|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
chandelier|mirror|IsA|nice smelling object
skis|car|UsedFor|eating
piano|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
skis|sailboat|HasA|an engine
bike|sled|UsedFor|water
barn|apartment|IsA|religious place
skis|yacht|HasA|wheels
fingers|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
raccoon|elk|HasA|hair/fur
trumpet|saxophone|UsedFor|blowing
spider|snail|IsA|plant
beetle|butterfly|CapableOf|sting
wasp|frog|IsA|colorful 
foot|skin|PartOf|the images displayed
neck|finger|HasProperty|plural
daughter|princess|IsA|female
pants|skirt|UsedFor|warming upper body
mole|hare|IsA|predator
gorilla|bison|IsA|type of big cat
cottage|barn|MadeOf|one or more rooms
tank|wheel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
elephant|frog|PartOf|jumping
camel|zebra|HasA|hump
plum|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
hare|squirrel|PartOf|herd
skirt|jeans|IsA|piece of clothing
mackerel|cod|HasA|red shell when cooked
flute|harpsichord|UsedFor|sound
dog|horse|HasProperty|fluffy
jeans|dress|IsA|piece of clothing
hose|rope|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
sink|spoon|IsA|electric powered item
fan|clamp|HasProperty|round shaped
avocado|cherry|HasA|single hard pit
daughter|girl|IsA|male
lantern|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
cockroach|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
boat|jeep|UsedFor|delivering parcels
shirt|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
typewriter|drill|UsedFor|crafts
sauce|steak|IsA|diary food
elk|deer|PartOf|herd
tower|room|AtLocation|above your head
shoes|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
rabbit|groundhog|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
sink|spoon|HasA|electrical parts
shrimp|lobster|AtLocation|on a farm
curtains|bed|UsedFor|storage
avocado|orange|HasProperty|yellow
falcon|eagle|AtLocation|at a beach
prune|pear|HasA|edible skin (usually)
liver|bone|AtLocation|in the torso
ceiling|roof|PartOf|house
fridge|kettle|CapableOf|keep things cold
radio|magazine|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
tape|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
rock|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
scissors|brush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
king|son|IsA|male
porcupine|skunk|CapableOf|climb trees
actress|princess|IsA|profession/title
camel|goat|UsedFor|food products
skunk|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
zebra|horse|AtLocation|in africa
toe|knees|AtLocation|below waist
building|cabin|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
hair|eye|AtLocation|below your waist
accordion|trombone|MadeOf|strings
crayon|brush|MadeOf|only metal
skunk|squirrel|AtLocation|carnivorous
woman|wife|IsA|profession/title
nurse|actress|CapableOf|bear a child
ship|boat|UsedFor|transportation in water
rifle|pistol|MadeOf|wood (partially)
rope|screws|UsedFor|harm
girl|princess|IsA|car
soup|supper|HasProperty|a single item
girlfriend|boy|IsA|car
sister|actress|IsA|profession
dress|skirt|UsedFor|warming upper body
spider|cow|IsA|household pet
raft|skis|HasA|wheels
rocker|mixer|MadeOf|paper
goat|sheep|IsA|typical pet
typewriter|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
mixer|hose|UsedFor|can your card used home
strainer|screws|UsedFor|storing wine
yacht|raft|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
sheep|camel|CapableOf|bite
bowl|saucer|HasA|the ability to fly
wheel|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
walls|roof|CapableOf|be opened/closed
magazine|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
actress|girlfriend|HasProperty|royalty
hose|bolts|IsA|related to music 
curtains|sofa|UsedFor|sleep
inn|barn|IsA|place of worship
door|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
hand|finger|PartOf|room
sheep|rabbit|HasProperty|fluffy
aunt|cousin|CapableOf|be a lady
house|inn|UsedFor|sleeping in
plug|mixer|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
clamp|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
crab|lobster|HasA|tail
tap|clamp|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
sailboat|yacht|UsedFor|water
plum|pineapple|IsA|fruit
cockroach|ant|MadeOf|small animals
piano|harmonica|HasA|strings
plate|tank|CapableOf|transport liquids
chisel|typewriter|CapableOf|to paint
cat|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
clamp|tap|UsedFor|a vehicle
spatula|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for hair
scooter|car|UsedFor|single person transport
flute|trombone|CapableOf|be played with mouth
donkey|rabbit|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
wife|girlfriend|HasProperty|a picture of a female
rope|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cranberry|avocado|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
blouse|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
mother|woman|HasProperty|exclusively female
knees|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
plate|barrel|IsA|vessel
trousers|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
paper|wood|IsA|bottle
rattlesnake|iguana|HasA|four feet
rope|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
fingers|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
tiger|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
cabin|apartment|IsA|red home
skunk|porcupine|HasA|hooves
turtle|worm|IsA|colorful 
mixer|radio|MadeOf|metal
nurse|worker|IsA|person
cow|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
cart|crocodile|HasA|long neck
finger|toe|PartOf|upper body
tomato|coconut|IsA|fruit
cannon|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
brush|typewriter|MadeOf|only metal
comb|brush|IsA|construction tool
crab|cod|IsA|water animal
mother|sister|HasA|blood relation with you
wheel|screws|CapableOf|use electricity
porcupine|beaver|CapableOf|climb trees
fan|magazine|UsedFor|food
inn|bed|IsA|permanent structure
ant|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
nose|neck|CapableOf| taste
wife|actress|IsA|male
skateboard|buggy|AtLocation|in water
peach|pear|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
falcon|pigeon|CapableOf|fly
horse|rabbit|HasA| mane (hair on it)
arm|leg|IsA|body part
tent|bungalow|IsA|religious place
roof|room|MadeOf|wood
stick|typewriter|CapableOf|print
jeep|buggy|UsedFor|war
paintbrush|spatula|MadeOf|writing
aunt|mother|HasProperty|male
shoulder|elbow|HasA|less than three joints
nose|mouth|HasProperty|used affected during make up
violin|guitar|HasA|neck
cousin|nurse|IsA|car
clock|pants|UsedFor|wearing
squirrel|mink|HasA|hair/fur
avocado|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
radio|clamp|IsA|digital device
airplane|balloon|AtLocation|in the air
tractor|truck|CapableOf|carry multiple people
jacket|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
buggy|tank|MadeOf|metal
cousin|father|IsA|professional
porcupine|skunk|CapableOf|hunt other animals
paper|glass|IsA|plant
cherry|tomato|HasProperty|green
butterfly|moth|HasA|walking
actress|aunt|AtLocation|in a castle
flute|trumpet|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
gorilla|cougar|HasA|hooves
skunk|mink|CapableOf|hunt other animals
boat|buggy|AtLocation|in there
hose|barrel|UsedFor|building
porcupine|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
magazine|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
deer|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
stick|drill|HasA|sharp edge
moth|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
clarinet|harmonica|HasA|strings
hawk|kite|CapableOf|fly
pear|avocado|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
rope|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
apartment|gate|IsA|religious place
bed|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
candle|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
sugar|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
plum|raspberry|HasA|edible skin (usually)
sack|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
avocado|plum|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
wheel|rifle|CapableOf|be used in home
plum|raspberry|HasA|peel
church|cottage|IsA|permanent structure
buffalo|elephant|IsA|predator 
rocket|cannon|HasProperty|tiger
wheel|grenade|IsA|firearm
cherry|coconut|HasA|seeds
hut|church|IsA|place to live permanently
butterfly|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
frog|cow|IsA|teeth
butterfly|spider|IsA|plant
screws|rope|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
mink|raccoon|HasA|big ears
screws|grenade|CapableOf|use electricity
clarinet|trombone|MadeOf|metal
nail|hair|AtLocation|inside
zebra|elephant|CapableOf|fly
screws|barrel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
bed|cupboard|AtLocation|in the kitchen
carpet|wall|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
ant|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
goat|horse|IsA|something a farmer would own
boy|worker|IsA|head
piano|trumpet|UsedFor|sound
cannon|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
skis|wheel|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
horse|camel|IsA|typical pet
dishwasher|spoon|CapableOf|hold water
typewriter|pliers|CapableOf|be used for drawing
oven|toaster|UsedFor|cooking food
comb|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
cottage|gate|HasA|own altar
grapefruit|prune|IsA|long fruit
pencil|pen|UsedFor|driving screws
boat|ship|AtLocation|on water
flute|clarinet|HasA|strings
camel|cart|HasA|trunk
toe|arm|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cat|bison|IsA|teeth
pear|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
ankle|shoulder|CapableOf|carrying objects
hare|rabbit|HasA|big ears
rabbit|coyote|IsA|mammal
harpsichord|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
trousers|jeans|UsedFor|covering legs
fridge|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
hose|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
squirrel|mink|MadeOf|green
woman|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
neck|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
frog|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
building|bedroom|IsA|religious place
deck|window|PartOf|building
sister|wife|IsA|direct relation
tap|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
sailboat|boat|AtLocation|in there
jeep|boat|MadeOf|metal
clamp|faucet|PartOf|tire
flea|worm|CapableOf|fly
mackerel|lobster|IsA|mollusk
rattlesnake|cockroach|CapableOf|walk fast
hose|cannon|CapableOf|use electricity
trousers|jeans|CapableOf|keep legs warm
faucet|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
saucer|tray|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
cherry|coconut|HasProperty|sweet
chapel|hut|IsA|place to live permanently
coat|blouse|AtLocation|on neck
window|walls|HasProperty|typically vertical
crab|lobster|IsA|fish
turtle|cat|IsA|bug
crocodile|bison|IsA|type of big cat
cat|goat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
strainer|wheel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
pine|birch|MadeOf|close grained wood
jacket|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
wife|aunt|HasProperty|male
crocodile|tiger|HasA|tail
frog|wasp|IsA|plant
building|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
salad|beer|IsA|diary food
comb|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cow|horse|IsA|something a farmer would own
woman|worker|IsA|head
cigarette|clock|UsedFor|lighting
king|daughter|IsA|direct relation with you
hand|leg|PartOf|building
bolts|clamp|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
mackerel|catfish|AtLocation|in sea
socks|trousers|AtLocation|on lower body
elbow|wrist|UsedFor|breaking down a door
barrel|pipe|IsA|vessel
cherry|plum|HasA|single hard pit
avocado|pear|PartOf|a red the color of
clamp|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rock|tape|IsA|mostly black in colour
rock|oven|CapableOf|working
drill|comb|CapableOf|print
window|bar|PartOf|human body
drill|chisel|UsedFor|crafts
leg|bar|PartOf|room
finger|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
bedroom|cottage|IsA|place to live permanently
butterfly|cockroach|HasA|walking
cherry|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
wasp|turtle|IsA|plant
wheel|cannon|IsA|vessel
rocker|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
plate|drill|UsedFor|daily usage 
woman|aunt|IsA|male
screwdriver|stick|UsedFor|hair
salad|sandwich|HasProperty|meaty
pliers|scissors|CapableOf|to paint
rabbit|skunk|CapableOf|climb on tree
elk|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
cougar|gorilla|IsA|type of cat
lemon|banana|HasA|single hard pit
wheel|skis|HasProperty|consuming fuel
gun|tank|UsedFor|shooting
raccoon|hare|IsA|sad
yacht|boat|CapableOf|hold more than fifty people
hawk|falcon|AtLocation|at a beach
toe|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
blouse|dress|HasProperty|worn below the waist
perch|squid|IsA|fish
hose|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
tiger|goat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
hand|finger|IsA|plural
girlfriend|man|IsA|family member
cupboard|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
mackerel|trout|HasA|red shell when cooked
octopus|shrimp|AtLocation|at sea
princess|worker|IsA|car
mole|mink|IsA|mink
wife|aunt|CapableOf|become pregnant 
elephant|camel|CapableOf|fly
beer|potatoes|IsA|diary food
kettle|blender|CapableOf|scoop things
room|walls|CapableOf|let in air
forearm|neck|AtLocation|below where a watch is
chandelier|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
sack|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
ankle|leg|IsA|on the lower half 
girlfriend|wife|IsA|profession
leg|fingers|IsA|part of a building
cousin|daughter|IsA|car
coyote|fawn|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
camel|buffalo|HasA|spots or stripes
beaver|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
squirrel|raccoon|PartOf|herd
princess|woman|IsA|profession
mouse|elephant|IsA|common pet
bed|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
hare|skunk|AtLocation|water usually
spider|mouse|IsA|household pet
rifle|barrel|UsedFor|work
pear|avocado|HasA|peel
deer|caribou|IsA|predator 
tank|grenade|UsedFor|storage
brow|lips|IsA|part of the body
fan|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
donkey|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
potato|goat|MadeOf|something edible
eagle|hawk|IsA|alive 
banana|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
arm|forearm|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
donkey|horse|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
actress|aunt|IsA|profession
rattlesnake|turtle|CapableOf|flying
elbow|nail|IsA|organ
onions|beans|IsA|vegetable
tank|boat|UsedFor|delivering parcels
squirrel|frog|IsA|household pet
garlic|lemon|UsedFor|testy
bolts|plug|IsA|digital device
caterpillar|frog|CapableOf|walk fast
scooter|wheel|HasProperty|consuming fuel
prune|grapefruit|IsA|long fruit
gate|bedroom|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
raspberry|plum|HasProperty|red
rattlesnake|worm|HasA|walking
camel|horse|UsedFor|a source of milk
crocodile|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
doctor|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
typewriter|knife|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
dress|trousers|HasA|sleeves
frog|cow|IsA|something a farmer would own
fridge|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
clamp|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
bathroom|tower|PartOf|house
coyote|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
robe|jacket|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
sheep|goat|AtLocation|on a farm 
pear|banana|HasA|big seed
oven|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
pen|typewriter|UsedFor|driving screws
tap|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
bed|bedroom|IsA|religious place
accordion|trumpet|HasA|keys
iguana|squirrel|HasA|legs
plug|tape|MadeOf|metal/steel
freezer|oven|IsA|electrical appliance
walls|ceiling|MadeOf|wood
thigh|leg|UsedFor|walking
beetle|cockroach|IsA|bug
bathroom|walls|HasA|diagram on it
pear|raspberry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
bolts|rope|IsA|digital device
hose|cannon|IsA|firearm
throat|nose|HasProperty|used affected during make up
wheel|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
squirrel|mole|CapableOf|be held 
porcupine|skunk|AtLocation|underground
flute|trumpet|MadeOf|metal
father|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
sack|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
flea|cockroach|IsA|insect
ox|hyena|HasA|thick body
princess|woman|IsA|male
father|cousin|IsA|child
pliers|pencil|CapableOf|print
raccoon|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
skirt|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
screwdriver|chisel|MadeOf|plastic too
wife|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
beans|onions|HasProperty|green
truck|boat|UsedFor|snow
rocket|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
walls|bar|AtLocation|above your head in general
tower|window|UsedFor|tiling
pear|raspberry|HasA|edible skin
raspberry|prune|HasA|yellow color
crocodile|gorilla|IsA|predator 
wheel|bike|UsedFor|snow
girl|wife|HasProperty|two syllables
floor|window|PartOf|building
finger|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
knife|scissors|MadeOf|writing
chisel|stick|HasProperty|cutting
giraffe|cheetah|IsA|has horns
kettle|bed|UsedFor|making food
cow|donkey|HasA|fur
sandwich|meal|HasA|vegetables
plate|pipe|AtLocation|at home
radio|fan|MadeOf|maybe
wheel|rocker|IsA|electric 
spider|ant|HasA|walking
paintbrush|knife|CapableOf|print
neck|liver|AtLocation|on your head
microwave|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
trousers|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
pistol|drill|CapableOf|be held in hands
barn|bedroom|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
wrist|thigh|IsA|plural
harp|harpsichord|HasA|neck
bolts|mixer|AtLocation|at an electronics store
rocket|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
magazine|rock|IsA|mostly black in colour
tape|rock|MadeOf|metal/steel
chocolate|milk|MadeOf|several ingredients
elephant|squirrel|PartOf|jumping
magazine|faucet|IsA|digital device
coyote|skunk|HasA|long ears
beans|garlic|HasA|any green on it 
beetle|ant|HasProperty|an insect
spider|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
nose|brow|PartOf|makeup regimen
building|house|IsA|place to live permanently
scissors|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
faucet|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
cockroach|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
groundhog|raccoon|HasA|long ears
rock|magazine|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
cannon|tank|UsedFor|bullets
thigh|forearm|IsA|joint
rocket|rope|CapableOf|contain water
pear|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
kettle|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
wheel|truck|CapableOf|hold more than one person
saxophone|accordion|HasA|keys
bean|sandwich|HasA|meat
wrist|forearm|PartOf|upper body
snail|rattlesnake|IsA|amphibian
rattlesnake|cat|IsA|bug
plastic|mink|IsA|fragile
rattlesnake|flea|IsA|plant
cow|frog|UsedFor|riding
leopard|cougar|IsA|type of big cat
trousers|skirt|AtLocation|foot
son|brother|HasProperty|a family member
pipe|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
pencil|comb|MadeOf|writing
toaster|blender|IsA|electrical appliance
jeep|bike|HasA|wheels
pepper|lemon|HasA|seeds
tower|room|PartOf|room
bison|elk|HasA|horn or antler
cabin|gate|HasA|start with a b
frog|moth|MadeOf|small animals
rope|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
grapefruit|raspberry|HasA|edible skin
squirrel|ant|PartOf|water
cousin|aunt|PartOf|your family
actress|princess|IsA|occupation
skirt|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
cat|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
flea|cockroach|HasA|walking
mouth|lips|AtLocation|below mouth
mole|raccoon|IsA|otter
grenade|gun|MadeOf|wood (partially)
zebra|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
sheep|pony|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
cousin|princess|IsA|female
grapefruit|cherry|PartOf|a red the color of
apartment|cottage|PartOf|set of furniture
girlfriend|actress|IsA|female
bag|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
mole|skunk|HasA|long ear
giraffe|camel|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
colander|sink|IsA|automatic (works itself)
squirrel|groundhog|PartOf|herd
turtle|rattlesnake|PartOf|water
brother|uncle|IsA|title
cherry|coconut|CapableOf|delicious
beaver|hare|CapableOf|go underground
gown|trousers|AtLocation|above the feet
fridge|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
nail|liver|AtLocation|on your head
bike|car|MadeOf|metal
knees|leg|AtLocation|below the waist 
room|ceiling|UsedFor|tiling
alligator|hare|HasA|horn
barrel|tank|HasProperty|tiger
zebra|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
bike|car|AtLocation|in water
raccoon|squirrel|HasA|long tail
rope|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
tape|rope|MadeOf|metal
bed|door|CapableOf|contain items
forearm|shoulder|HasProperty|upper body
goat|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
eel|catfish|IsA|water animal
roof|room|PartOf|human body
stick|spatula|CapableOf|be used for hair
door|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pliers|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
room|walls|CapableOf|be used home
beaver|deer|IsA|predator
squirrel|raccoon|CapableOf|climb on tree
door|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
frog|cat|IsA|household pet
sandwich|steak|IsA|liquid
bolts|drill|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bucket|kettle|HasProperty|of cylinder shape
barrel|plate|MadeOf|metal/steel
clamp|faucet|IsA|digital device
deck|room|IsA|body part
raccoon|squirrel|AtLocation|water usually
doctor|girl|IsA|family member
dress|jacket|CapableOf|keep legs warm
rope|mixer|IsA|digital device
pants|skirt|IsA|piece of clothing
blouse|pants|IsA|accessory
mixer|wheel|MadeOf|metal
screws|rope|CapableOf|be used in home
cat|squirrel|IsA|carnivore
asparagus|eel|IsA|one syllable word
actress|woman|IsA|car
buffalo|tiger|IsA|type of cat
squirrel|hare|CapableOf|hunt other animals
cheetah|leopard|IsA|type of cat
crayon|knife|IsA|construction tool
worker|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
rifle|shotgun|CapableOf|be held in a hand
car|truck|UsedFor|snow
tuba|clarinet|IsA|wind instrument
shrimp|eel|IsA|water animal
cougar|hyena|AtLocation|in hot climates 
squirrel|mole|MadeOf|green
doctor|man|IsA|male
cherry|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
gun|rifle|HasProperty|made for violence
wasp|cat|HasA|walking
tank|pipe|MadeOf|wood
razor|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
falcon|vulture|IsA|sea bird
jeans|skirt|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
toe|body|AtLocation|on your head
closet|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
closet|freezer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
clock|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
bolts|plug|CapableOf|make sound
squirrel|crocodile|HasA|four feet
rabbit|groundhog|IsA|predator
cherry|pear|HasProperty|yellow
tank|raft|AtLocation|in there
beaver|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
pony|elephant|IsA|teeth
ant|wasp|HasProperty|an insect
drill|tank|CapableOf|be held in hands
barrel|pipe|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
floor|window|CapableOf|be used home
fan|rope|IsA|digital device
cabin|cottage|IsA|component of a home
freezer|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
trumpet|flute|CapableOf|be blown into
oven|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
shield|umbrella|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
guitar|harp|UsedFor|sound
plug|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
grenade|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
clamp|plug|HasA|a type of metal
floor|room|AtLocation|in your apartment
moth|flea|MadeOf|small animals
shoulder|neck|HasProperty|lower body
tower|roof|PartOf|body
stereo|mixer|CapableOf|work without electricity
catfish|trout|IsA|fish
hose|wheel|AtLocation|kitchen
plate|pipe|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
beaver|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
chocolate|butter|MadeOf|several ingredients
cabin|hut|HasProperty|made of concrete
pipe|tank|IsA|vessel
wheel|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
toe|leg|HasProperty|upper body
kettle|blender|IsA|electrical appliance
chicken|lamb|HasProperty|red
caterpillar|butterfly|CapableOf|fly
hose|barrel|UsedFor|daily usage 
ankle|skin|PartOf|the images displayed
tray|clock|CapableOf|generate light
scooter|skis|AtLocation|in water
crocodile|bison|AtLocation|in water
bacon|bean|HasA|vegetable(s)
hose|wheel|CapableOf|make sound
zebra|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
drill|screwdriver|CapableOf|be used for drawing
magazine|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rabbit|spider|HasA|eating
saxophone|trumpet|IsA|instrument that gets pulled
caterpillar|wasp|IsA|plant
bed|carpet|CapableOf|open/close
rocket|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
bolts|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
tape|magazine|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
sink|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pants|skirt|CapableOf|be worn
beetle|snail|HasA|walking
fawn|raccoon|IsA|herbivore
otter|squirrel|CapableOf|climb on tree
deer|elephant|AtLocation|jungle
beetle|cat|HasA|walking
tank|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
girlfriend|nurse|HasProperty|male
lantern|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
boots|trousers|AtLocation|upper part of body
crayon|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
hawk|vulture|HasProperty|a predator
leopard|hyena|IsA|type of cat
woman|girl|HasA|a blood relation with you
actress|man|HasProperty|steel
cow|elephant|IsA|household pet
duck|lamb|MadeOf|something edible
razor|drill|HasProperty|cutting
hose|barrel|CapableOf|transport liquids
dog|horse|CapableOf|be domesticated
broccoli|eggplant|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
cherry|corn|HasA|seeds
door|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
elbow|neck|MadeOf|a whole body part
rabbit|tomato|MadeOf|something edible
tank|truck|UsedFor|land suitable one
tent|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
coat|skirt|UsedFor|wearing
lantern|chandelier|UsedFor|wearing
clarinet|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
hose|bolts|UsedFor|restraining things
groundhog|rattlesnake|AtLocation|underground
skunk|raccoon|UsedFor|swimming
tank|tractor|HasProperty|consuming fuel
toaster|kettle|AtLocation|on a countertop
harpsichord|trombone|HasA|strings
thigh|ankle|UsedFor|walking
neck|hand|PartOf|house
alligator|elk|AtLocation|carnivorous
coat|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
stork|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
starling|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
squirrel|iguana|CapableOf|be found in the water
pipe|tray|PartOf|any of various units of 
bean|soup|MadeOf|bread
neck|hand|PartOf|lower body
dishwasher|blender|CapableOf|be plugged in
rope|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
leg|toe|PartOf|the upper body
crocodile|alligator|HasA|a shell
cat|squirrel|HasA|tail
spider|wasp|HasA|no legs
eel|zebra|HasA|red shell when cooked
ant|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
iguana|alligator|HasProperty|poisonous
mother|daughter|HasA|blood relation with you
plug|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
clarinet|saxophone|MadeOf|metal
fingers|elbow|PartOf|the upper body
skunk|mole|AtLocation|carnivorous
coat|jacket|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
leg|knee|AtLocation|below waist
boat|tank|HasA|an engine
skateboard|skis|HasA|handle
closet|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tank|canoe|AtLocation|in there
arm|shoulder|AtLocation|in your upper body
spatula|pliers|UsedFor|crafts
rock|radio|UsedFor|entertainment
leg|fingers|IsA|joint
barrel|hose|CapableOf|use electricity
cod|tuna|IsA|card facing left
lantern|chandelier|IsA|home appliance
scooter|car|UsedFor|water
sheep|camel|IsA|carnivore 
elephant|deer|IsA|something a farmer would own
freezer|toilet|UsedFor|making food
clock|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
deer|bison|HasA|short/thick fur
kettle|pot|CapableOf|be held to drink
princess|wife|HasA|a blood relation with you
raccoon|skunk|IsA|animal with long ears
pipe|rocket|UsedFor|building
spoon|kettle|HasA|handle
tray|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
dog|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
shoulder|fingers|AtLocation|upper body
rabbit|deer|AtLocation|jungle
deer|rabbit|AtLocation|jungle
hose|rope|IsA|digital device
neck|hand|HasProperty|lower body
canoe|sailboat|CapableOf|be used on snow
clamp|belt|HasA|number on it
room|ceiling|AtLocation|at ground level
radio|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
walls|floor|HasA|diagram on it
wrist|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
tongue|lips|CapableOf| taste
kettle|blender|UsedFor|washing dishes
nurse|princess|IsA|male
dog|horse|AtLocation|pet store
squid|mackerel|AtLocation|at sea
deer|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
catfish|salmon|HasA|fins
screwdriver|chisel|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
worm|ant|CapableOf|fly
skin|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
throat|finger|AtLocation|below mouth
bolts|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
kettle|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
rifle|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
pants|shoes|CapableOf|keep legs warm
tower|floor|IsA|part of a building
flea|squirrel|IsA|colorful 
woman|worker|UsedFor|transportation
frog|squirrel|IsA|household pet
horse|rabbit|IsA|carnivore 
beetle|snail|IsA|bug
spatula|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
boy|man|IsA|family member
foot|knee|PartOf|upper body
boy|worker|IsA|female (strictly)
hyena|cougar|CapableOf|hunt for prey
spider|flea|MadeOf|small animals
lemon|cherry|CapableOf|delicious
shrimp|zebra|IsA|fish
bike|scooter|HasA|an engine
crocodile|giraffe|IsA|like a cat
elk|porcupine|CapableOf|be held 
cousin|uncle|HasProperty|an older relative
prune|cherry|HasA|edible skin (usually)
bison|tiger|UsedFor|human transport
plug|rope|IsA|digital device
paintbrush|pencil|IsA|construction tool
lantern|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
wheel|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
squirrel|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
drill|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cello|guitar|HasA|keys
cockroach|ant|IsA|colorful 
clarinet|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
garlic|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
elephant|squirrel|HasA|legs
pencil|drill|PartOf|drawing
rocket|grenade|HasProperty|tiger
faucet|tape|MadeOf|metal
wrist|toe|IsA|plural
bridge|inn|UsedFor|a place of worship
prince|father|IsA|male
garlic|olive|CapableOf|spices
catfish|cod|IsA|fish
plate|wheel|CapableOf|be used in home
pants|jeans|IsA|worn on the lower body
starling|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
cousin|girlfriend|IsA|profession
cat|dog|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
coconut|lime|IsA|fruit
asparagus|catfish|IsA|mollusk
iguana|alligator|HasA| 4 limbs
rock|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
jeans|skirt|CapableOf|keep legs warm
sink|door|UsedFor|heating items up
neck|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
cat|cow|HasA|tail
rifle|screws|IsA|vessel
mole|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
neck|shoulder|IsA|limb
rabbit|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
cod|crab|IsA|water animal
crocodile|tiger|HasA|trunk
turtle|ant|AtLocation|nature
banana|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
porcupine|groundhog|HasA|horn
coyote|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
camel|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
worker|cousin|IsA|male
mackerel|perch|IsA|fish
scissors|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
bathroom|deck|PartOf|building
cockroach|moth|MadeOf|small animals
harp|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
kite|pelican|HasProperty|domesticated
wheelbarrow|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
pepper|onions|HasProperty|green
car|boat|MadeOf|metal
goat|rabbit|HasA|fur
ankle|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
elephant|camel|HasA|4 legs
bathroom|window|PartOf|body
bolts|tape|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
ceiling|roof|IsA|part of a building
fawn|elk|CapableOf|live in water
actress|cousin|IsA|female
camel|cart|HasA|stripes
clarinet|trumpet|HasA|tube
stick|pliers|MadeOf|writing
thigh|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
arm|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
mixer|wheel|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
cigarette|mirror|MadeOf|metal
cranberry|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
deer|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
necklace|tray|IsA|item of clothing
crocodile|tiger|IsA|type of cat
squirrel|frog|CapableOf|jump
snail|worm|IsA|bug
bed|bridge|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
squirrel|coyote|HasA|long ear
clamp|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
horse|goat|IsA|teeth
razor|pliers|CapableOf|print
trout|salmon|HasA|legs
octopus|perch|HasA|shell
olive|pepper|HasProperty|green
inn|cottage|UsedFor|a place of worship
rifle|grenade|HasA|caterpillar treads
milk|sugar|IsA|colour red
mole|rabbit|HasA|horn
rope|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
clamp|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
banana|coconut|IsA|berry
actress|wife|IsA|female (strictly)
rope|hose|CapableOf|use electricity
beans|avocado|IsA|purple vegetable
pliers|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
bathroom|roof|IsA|part of a building
barn|building|IsA|component of a home
frog|spider|IsA|colorful 
duck|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
scissors|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
bike|skateboard|CapableOf|hold more than one person
rattlesnake|coyote|CapableOf|attack human
bagpipe|trumpet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
jeans|trousers|UsedFor|by mainly women
pipe|wheel|UsedFor|storing wine
deer|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
cloak|shield|HasProperty|something that is worn
tongue|neck|CapableOf| taste
tap|rock|IsA|digital device
faucet|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
bison|rabbit|IsA|typical pet
skunk|squirrel|AtLocation|on  a tree
elbow|leg|AtLocation|on head
screwdriver|drill|HasProperty|cutting
camel|frog|IsA|something a farmer would own
faucet|tape|CapableOf|work without electricity
zebra|camel|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
ankle|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
tap|bolts|HasA|a type of metal
eel|cod|IsA|fish
thigh|leg|PartOf|the upper body
cat|dog|IsA|something a farmer would own
camel|elephant|MadeOf|a living thing
rope|plate|UsedFor|daily usage 
cottage|bridge|UsedFor|a place of worship
blender|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
brush|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
violin|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
camel|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
vulture|seagull|HasProperty|a predator
dishwasher|blender|HasProperty|consuming electricity
sailboat|bike|UsedFor|eating
raccoon|porcupine|HasA|horn
raspberry|plum|PartOf|a red the color of
raspberry|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
deer|elephant|HasA|big horns/tusk
barrel|tank|HasA|round shape
cow|deer|IsA|typical pet
elephant|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
coyote|mink|PartOf|herd
carpet|bed|UsedFor|storage
bag|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
hose|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
rock|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
frog|elephant|HasA|fur
mother|girlfriend|IsA|male
jacket|dress|AtLocation|upper part of body
church|inn|HasProperty|a black and white picture
dog|cat|IsA|typical pet
bridge|bungalow|IsA|religious place
elbow|forearm|PartOf|lower body
carpet|door|UsedFor|sleep
frog|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
clarinet|flute|HasA|keys
neck|fingers|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
turtle|ant|IsA|plant
roof|walls|HasProperty|indoor
drill|scissors|MadeOf|writing
hand|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
plug|fan|AtLocation|at an electronics store
rope|tape|MadeOf|metal
body|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
boots|shoes|HasProperty|covering the legs
magazine|stereo|UsedFor|music related entertainment
plum|prune|PartOf|elongated crescent-shaped yellow fruit
mink|elk|IsA|predator
tape|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
spoon|sink|CapableOf|hold water
tiger|deer|IsA|typical pet
steak|chocolate|IsA|diary food
sandwich|soup|HasA|meat
otter|mink|UsedFor|swimming
ankle|toe|AtLocation|below your waist
avocado|eggplant|UsedFor|cleaning
hair|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
elbow|shoulder|AtLocation|bottom half of body
rabbit|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
radio|magazine|MadeOf|maybe
mink|mole|CapableOf|running fast
girl|worker|IsA|female
elephant|pony|UsedFor|riding
closet|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
crocodile|pony|IsA|teeth
cockroach|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
elk|hare|CapableOf|live in water
bedroom|tent|AtLocation|at your home
salmon|trout|HasA|shell
tank|rifle|HasProperty|tiger
garlic|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
harpsichord|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
sack|wheelbarrow|IsA|piece of clothing
hand|leg|IsA|body part
scooter|bike|UsedFor|single person transport
cherry|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
snail|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
paintbrush|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
worker|mother|IsA|job or profession
mink|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
potatoes|sugar|IsA|meat
seagull|woodpecker|CapableOf|be a household pet
groundhog|raccoon|IsA|predator
colander|spoon|HasProperty|consuming electricity
rabbit|cow|IsA|something a farmer would own
fridge|dishwasher|IsA|electrical appliance
prince|brother|AtLocation|royal meeting room
scissors|drill|HasProperty|cutting
spatula|stick|UsedFor|hair
ladle|sink|IsA|electric powered item
wheel|rocker|MadeOf|paper
actress|nurse|IsA|job or profession
paintbrush|crayon|UsedFor|writing
wood|paper|CapableOf|burn
pen|crayon|IsA|construction tool
worker|princess|IsA|car
shotgun|rifle|HasA|caterpillar treads
pen|scissors|UsedFor|driving screws
skis|scooter|HasProperty|consuming fuel
fan|wheel|MadeOf|metal
tray|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
lamb|duck|IsA|fruit or vegetable
barrel|rocket|UsedFor|firing artillery
mackerel|cod|IsA|mollusk
harp|guitar|MadeOf|strings
bucket|tray|HasA|handle
bar|window|HasA|diagram on it
curtains|bedroom|PartOf|the entrance to a room
cheese|cherry|CapableOf|bitter
fingers|arm|AtLocation|in your upper body
cupboard|fridge|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
skunk|groundhog|PartOf|herd
avocado|beans|IsA|purple vegetable
finger|walls|PartOf|house
leg|foot|HasProperty|upper body
rocket|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
mole|beaver|CapableOf|hunt other animals
lemon|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
cousin|actress|IsA|profession
trumpet|clarinet|CapableOf|be played with mouth
caribou|hyena|MadeOf|a living thing
coyote|skunk|CapableOf|hunt other animals
inn|chapel|IsA|component of a home
lamb|tomato|HasProperty|red
sandwich|supper|HasA|meat
elbow|hand|MadeOf|upper body parts
wife|woman|HasProperty|a picture of a female
skirt|pants|IsA|worn on the lower body
stove|microwave|IsA|electrical appliance
kettle|spoon|CapableOf|be held in your hand
pliers|scissors|MadeOf|writing
cousin|son|IsA|royalty
gown|pants|UsedFor|covering legs
hyena|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
bolts|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
spatula|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
cod|trout|HasA|legs/tentacles 
bedroom|inn|IsA|religious place
gun|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
girlfriend|man|IsA|profession
elephant|cart|AtLocation|in africa
asparagus|shrimp|IsA|black and white
moth|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
tower|roof|AtLocation|at ground level
cousin|girlfriend|IsA|family member
lemon|lime|CapableOf|be used as a color
screws|barrel|PartOf|any of various units of 
gun|rifle|HasA|caterpillar treads
spider|frog|HasA|walking
mother|woman|HasProperty|male
cupboard|bedroom|MadeOf|wood typically
rattlesnake|squirrel|IsA|plant
donkey|goat|CapableOf|be domesticated
cart|crocodile|HasA|trunk
plate|rope|UsedFor|building
tank|pistol|UsedFor|harm
fingers|arm|IsA|body part
plum|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
blender|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
harmonica|banjo|UsedFor|sound
bison|pony|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
corn|onions|HasProperty|green
wheel|canoe|HasA|wheels
owl|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
skunk|raccoon|IsA|mammal
wheel|plate|UsedFor|shooting
rocker|bolts|IsA|electric 
truck|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
roof|deck|HasProperty|vertical
banjo|violin|HasA|neck
stick|drill|HasProperty|cutting
son|father|IsA|man
microwave|magazine|MadeOf|steel
plate|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
crayon|stick|CapableOf|be used for hair
moth|ant|CapableOf|crawl 
tomato|lamb|CapableOf|eating
cow|camel|IsA|carnivore 
paintbrush|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
neck|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
frog|cow|CapableOf|be domesticated
thigh|ankle|PartOf|an appendage
colander|sink|HasProperty|electrically powered
nurse|worker|IsA|profession
rabbit|horse|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tape|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
hawk|eagle|HasA|start with a p
raft|sailboat|UsedFor|riding on water
trousers|skirt|UsedFor|feet protection
sandwich|bacon|HasProperty|two syllables
curtains|door|CapableOf|open/close
mink|coyote|IsA|herbivore
cat|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|use electricity
birch|willow|IsA|weapon 
duck|kite|IsA|dangerous bird
razor|chisel|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
bed|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
princess|girlfriend|IsA|car
cockroach|butterfly|IsA|bug
corn|onions|HasA|seeds
hand|neck|PartOf|house
cow|rabbit|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
mouth|lips|CapableOf| taste
girlfriend|father|IsA|car
car|skis|AtLocation|in there
candle|tray|UsedFor|wearing
ceiling|room|UsedFor|decoration
scooter|truck|UsedFor|single person transport
inn|gate|IsA|religion buildings
grapefruit|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
eel|cod|HasA|fins
tuna|mackerel|HasA|fins
lamp|tray|IsA|home appliance
soup|salad|MadeOf|meat
pipe|screws|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
potatoes|sandwich|IsA|liquid
actress|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
typewriter|pencil|UsedFor|writing
wheel|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
tank|grenade|CapableOf|be used one-handed
plum|avocado|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
cupboard|bedroom|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
scooter|jeep|AtLocation|in there
crab|perch|AtLocation|at sea
coconut|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
microwave|magazine|CapableOf|be use for transportation
bathroom|bar|AtLocation|above your head in general
goat|pony|HasProperty|fluffy
potatoes|bean|IsA|diary food
hand|foot|IsA|joint
asparagus|salmon|HasA|legs
cello|violin|IsA|wind instrument
pony|cow|IsA|teeth
mouth|tongue|IsA|(one of five) human senses
chocolate|sugar|UsedFor|desserts
beaver|deer|HasProperty|living in water
ankle|thigh|HasProperty|lower body
elbow|neck|AtLocation|upper body
ox|cougar|IsA|violent creature
wife|princess|HasProperty|a picture of a female
princess|sister|AtLocation|in a castle
raccoon|mole|PartOf|herd
elephant|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
potatoes|bacon|IsA|liquid
banana|cherry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
arm|hair|AtLocation|inside
balloon|saucer|HasA|wings
avocado|plum|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
brush|pencil|IsA|cuting
hare|squirrel|AtLocation|carnivorous
raccoon|fawn|IsA|mammal
wheel|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
freezer|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
roof|room|PartOf|body
mink|raccoon|AtLocation|water usually
stove|blender|CapableOf|be plugged in
clock|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
girl|nurse|IsA|female
guitar|piano|IsA|instrument
blood|kidney|AtLocation|in the torso
kidney|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
necklace|cigarette|MadeOf|/contain glass
cranberry|banana|IsA|fruit
tray|clock|IsA|item of clothing
spoon|kettle|UsedFor|washing dishes
squirrel|mink|IsA|otter
plate|rocket|UsedFor|building
screwdriver|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
blouse|pants|CapableOf|be worn
woman|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
pliers|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
radio|stereo|CapableOf|make or play music
duck|pigeon|HasProperty|domesticated
piano|trumpet|IsA|wind instrument
girl|princess|HasA|blood relation with you
fingers|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
rope|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
lamp|clock|CapableOf|be worn
blender|kettle|CapableOf|be held in your hand
trousers|socks|PartOf|lower waistline
bridge|inn|UsedFor|religious gatherings
arm|finger|HasProperty|lower body
bridge|inn|IsA|religious place
pliers|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cherry|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
beaver|mole|CapableOf|be held 
nurse|actress|IsA|car
rope|rocker|IsA|electric 
porcupine|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
bean|sandwich|IsA|diary food
gate|bed|IsA|component of a home
bike|wheel|HasA|engine
starling|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
trumpet|banjo|MadeOf|wood
horse|tiger|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
tiger|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
tray|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
razor|pliers|CapableOf|writing
tiger|zebra|HasA|horn
hyena|cheetah|IsA|type of big cat
worm|ant|IsA|insect
rocket|cannon|UsedFor|bullets
elbow|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
pipe|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
deer|pony|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
deer|elk|AtLocation|carnivorous
cigarette|scarf|CapableOf|move
tower|floor|UsedFor|working with computer
frog|turtle|HasProperty|furry
deer|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
meat|salad|MadeOf|several ingredients
rabbit|cow|IsA|household pet
mother|aunt|IsA|profession
rifle|pistol|UsedFor|harm
tiger|cougar|IsA|like a cat
ant|cockroach|HasA|walking
walls|floor|HasA|glass
ant|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
lemon|lime|IsA|fruit
door|sofa|UsedFor|storage
sauce|salad|CapableOf|fry
bison|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
worm|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
squid|trout|IsA|water animal
caribou|camel|HasA|horn or antler
trumpet|piano|UsedFor|sound
elephant|caribou|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
hair|muscle|AtLocation|below your waist
freezer|toaster|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
fingers|shoulder|AtLocation|in your upper body
leg|finger|IsA|part of a building
door|sink|UsedFor|heating items up
floor|tower|HasProperty|vertical
princess|cousin|IsA|profession
grenade|pistol|HasProperty|made for violence
room|bathroom|AtLocation|on the outside of building
door|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
stick|spatula|CapableOf|writing
worker|woman|UsedFor|transportation
rock|fan|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
pipe|wheel|IsA|firearm
radio|rope|UsedFor|entertainment
alligator|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
typewriter|spatula|MadeOf|writing
cannon|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
sheep|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
rocket|plate|UsedFor|shooting
chicken|asparagus|IsA|fish
camel|buffalo|IsA|type of cat
horse|cow|HasA|fur
screws|hose|CapableOf|be used in home
woman|girl|HasProperty|steel
blood|eye|IsA|cancer related card
typewriter|stick|PartOf|drawing
pen|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
wheel|bolts|UsedFor|a vehicle
harpsichord|bagpipe|UsedFor|sound
alligator|turtle|IsA|amphibian
rattlesnake|squirrel|IsA|bug
elk|skunk|HasA|hair/fur
wasp|worm|IsA|insect
broccoli|celery|IsA|green vegetable 
beaver|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
hose|faucet|UsedFor|dispensing water
rocker|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
drill|pencil|CapableOf|print
eye|kidney|IsA|organ
trombone|trumpet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
horse|giraffe|HasA|tail
necklace|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
scooter|bike|PartOf|bicycle
gate|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
screws|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
elephant|camel|UsedFor|riding
forearm|toe|PartOf|upper body
coat|shirt|IsA|an accessory
hose|pipe|HasProperty|flexible
porcupine|skunk|PartOf|herd
pear|prune|IsA|word beginning with p
worm|snail|HasProperty|typically able to fly
stick|pen|IsA|construction tool
ankle|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
shoulder|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
giraffe|bison|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
meal|sandwich|HasA|meat
bedroom|bungalow|PartOf|set of furniture
iguana|squirrel|CapableOf|be found in the water
knee|neck|IsA|plural
beans|garlic|IsA|fruit
barn|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
mole|squirrel|HasA|long ear
fan|bolts|UsedFor|entertainment
grenade|tank|HasA|wheels
scarf|mirror|MadeOf|metal
perch|trout|IsA|one syllable word
knife|stick|MadeOf|writing
rock|microwave|CapableOf|be use for transportation
crocodile|zebra|IsA|has horns
elbow|fingers|MadeOf|upper body parts
bolts|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
frog|cockroach|HasA|walking
rope|fan|HasA|a type of metal
porcupine|alligator|HasA|horn
beans|broccoli|IsA|vegetable
comb|stick|AtLocation|construction site
actress|nurse|IsA|occupation
building|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
mixer|fan|UsedFor|electronic uses
pen|comb|MadeOf|writing
razor|scissors|HasA|sharp edge
rocker|wheel|IsA|electric 
pony|cow|HasA|fur
pencil|drill|MadeOf|writing
lobster|shrimp|IsA|black and white
typewriter|crayon|UsedFor|writing
bridge|apartment|IsA|permanent structure
hare|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
spatula|stick|CapableOf|be used for hair
pistol|gun|IsA|hand-held weapon
arm|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
toe|thigh|UsedFor|a fight
cousin|daughter|HasA|blood relation with you
pear|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
skin|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
beaver|fawn|IsA|predator
bridge|house|UsedFor|a place of worship
curtains|door|CapableOf|opening/closing
pliers|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
prune|grapefruit|PartOf|group or bunch 
elephant|camel|AtLocation|in hot climates 
crocodile|horse|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
seagull|owl|HasProperty|a predator
jacket|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
faucet|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
rocker|stereo|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
sheep|horse|HasA|hooves
snail|worm|HasProperty|typically able to fly
rope|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
skunk|mink|MadeOf|animals or plants
beans|garlic|UsedFor|cleaning
cow|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
clarinet|accordion|CapableOf|be held in hand
onions|corn|UsedFor|cleaning
gate|bungalow|IsA|religious place
bag|dress|IsA|worn on the lower body
mouse|cat|PartOf|jumping
neck|fingers|HasA|less than three joints
pipe|strainer|HasA|round shape
cousin|daughter|HasProperty|male
woman|girlfriend|HasA|a blood relation with you
wife|girlfriend|IsA|car
scooter|tank|UsedFor|land suitable one
cupboard|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
cherry|raspberry|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
hand|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
magazine|wheel|IsA|digital device
pants|shoes|HasA|sleeves
moth|butterfly|HasProperty|an insect
hose|fan|MadeOf|paper
window|room|AtLocation|above your head in general
moth|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
drill|hose|HasA|number on it
neck|arm|AtLocation|on your head
finger|shoulder|AtLocation|in your upper body
celery|broccoli|IsA|fruit
salad|sandwich|HasProperty|a single item
boy|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
rifle|drill|CapableOf|be used in home
piano|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
skunk|hare|CapableOf|go underground
pear|pineapple|IsA|physical fruit or veg
shoulder|wrist|HasProperty|bendable
tractor|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
brush|crayon|IsA|metal
steak|soup|UsedFor|dinner
typewriter|paintbrush|HasA|wax
tomato|rabbit|MadeOf|something edible
wheel|fan|IsA|digital device
worm|turtle|HasA|walking
pigeon|duck|HasA|large wingspan
butterfly|snail|HasProperty|an insect
wheel|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
microwave|dishwasher|IsA|electrical appliance
rope|barrel|UsedFor|harm
walls|room|CapableOf|let in air
pants|trousers|UsedFor|covering legs
floor|room|PartOf|another card 
drill|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
wheel|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
hand|fingers|HasA|less than three joints
banjo|flute|HasA|keys
knees|leg|PartOf|the upper body
blender|fridge|HasProperty|electrically powered
jeans|trousers|HasProperty|usually blue
cougar|elephant|HasA|antler
daughter|woman|HasProperty|male
raspberry|cranberry|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
pipe|tank|HasA|round shape
cupboard|door|CapableOf|be plumbed in
rabbit|donkey|UsedFor|a source of milk
forearm|arm|IsA|specific joint
cupboard|bedroom|CapableOf|open/close
candle|tray|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
paintbrush|typewriter|UsedFor|writing
trousers|gown|AtLocation|above the feet
elbow|fingers|MadeOf|a whole body part
zebra|giraffe|HasA|tail
clarinet|trumpet|IsA|instrument
fridge|dishwasher|PartOf|kitchen appliance
lamp|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
gate|apartment|IsA|relatively small
sheep|rabbit|IsA|carnivore 
father|worker|UsedFor|transportation
tray|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
lantern|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
sink|dishwasher|CapableOf|scoop things
cod|trout|IsA|card facing left
screwdriver|brush|UsedFor|writing
leg|neck|IsA|plural
knees|knee|PartOf|lower body
razor|knife|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
horse|sheep|IsA|something a farmer would own
gate|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
stick|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
spider|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
girlfriend|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
brother|son|AtLocation|in a royal family
pear|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
actress|nurse|IsA|noun
hose|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
elbow|shoulder|HasProperty|upper body
thermometer|lamp|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
grenade|rocket|HasProperty|tiger
screws|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
apartment|bedroom|IsA|place to live permanently
crab|lobster|AtLocation|on a farm
razor|comb|CapableOf|be used for hair
cousin|uncle|IsA|child
cat|rabbit|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
bison|sheep|HasProperty|fluffy
razor|pliers|MadeOf|writing
drill|screws|CapableOf|transport liquids
pear|orange|UsedFor|smoothie
squirrel|hare|AtLocation|carnivorous
paintbrush|screwdriver|IsA|cuting
plug|clamp|IsA|related to music 
snail|ant|HasProperty|an insect
frog|mouse|IsA|household pet
coat|blouse|AtLocation|over your knees
garlic|pear|IsA|red  or orang
cherry|avocado|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
liver|muscle|HasProperty|liquid
cranberry|raspberry|IsA|berry
chisel|pen|CapableOf|to paint
wheel|rocket|CapableOf|contain water
wheelbarrow|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
potato|duck|IsA|food
paintbrush|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
beaver|mole|HasProperty|originated from north america
elbow|finger|PartOf|upper body
onions|eggplant|HasProperty|green (most part)
liver|neck|IsA|limb
bag|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
comb|knife|CapableOf|be used for drawing
tray|spoon|IsA|cylinder
tank|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
accordion|harmonica|IsA|brass instrument
eagle|hawk|HasA|wings
bed|door|UsedFor|sleep
rocker|radio|HasA|a type of metal
skirt|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
typewriter|brush|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
rocket|cannon|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
pipe|screws|CapableOf|be used in home
chicken|potato|MadeOf|red
mink|rabbit|IsA|otter
dress|jacket|AtLocation|upper part of body
truck|tractor|UsedFor|farming
closet|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
plug|wheel|UsedFor|entertainment
toe|hand|IsA|joint
banana|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
hut|tent|IsA|religious place
tiger|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
faucet|tap|HasA|a type of metal
dress|gown|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
floor|bar|PartOf|human body
screws|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bison|goat|HasA|hooves
elephant|squirrel|IsA|mammal
strainer|barrel|HasA|round shape
perch|shrimp|IsA|fish
lamp|candle|MadeOf|/contain glass
inn|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
cat|elephant|IsA|household pet
sugar|sandwich|IsA|diary food
scissors|stick|CapableOf|writing
squirrel|flea|PartOf|water
forearm|elbow|AtLocation|below where a watch is
finger|neck|PartOf|house
wheel|plug|MadeOf|steel mainly
soup|bacon|MadeOf|meat
bag|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|transporting things
fan|oven|MadeOf|steel
bison|goat|IsA|teeth
tape|faucet|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
duck|tomato|MadeOf|something edible
door|curtains|UsedFor|lighting
frog|donkey|CapableOf|be domesticated
skirt|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
tray|pipe|UsedFor|storing wine
skunk|squirrel|AtLocation|on tree
squid|lobster|IsA|fish
wife|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
tank|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
pine|birch|IsA|man made item
potatoes|salad|UsedFor|recipes 
socks|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
zebra|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
bathroom|window|HasA|glass
elk|camel|IsA|violent creature
plug|bolts|CapableOf|make sound
horse|cart|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
fingers|finger|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
faucet|bolts|IsA|related to music 
deer|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
mink|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
mother|nurse|MadeOf|metal
drill|stick|PartOf|drawing
pineapple|prune|IsA|red  or orang
daughter|worker|UsedFor|transportation
duck|vulture|PartOf|wild life
cougar|zebra|IsA|predator 
butter|milk|UsedFor|dessert
lemon|cheese|CapableOf|bitter
cockroach|snail|HasA|walking
rocket|plate|CapableOf|used in war
knee|foot|PartOf|lower body
coyote|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
bedroom|house|IsA|religious place
sofa|carpet|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
rock|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
donkey|goat|HasA|hooves
wheel|tractor|MadeOf|metal
ankle|body|AtLocation|on your head
eagle|vulture|HasA|large wing span
actress|wife|IsA|sibling
grapefruit|banana|HasA|edible skin (usually)
kite|woodpecker|CapableOf|be a household pet
moth|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
leg|elbow|AtLocation|on head
buggy|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
finger|tongue|PartOf|makeup regimen
toe|skin|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
door|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
typewriter|scissors|AtLocation|in a toolbox
grapefruit|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
prune|raspberry|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
plate|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
fan|fridge|UsedFor|keeping things cool
cat|tiger|HasProperty|carnivorous
stick|spatula|CapableOf|print
leg|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
umbrella|skirt|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
bathroom|tower|AtLocation|above your head
lobster|squid|IsA|water animal
caribou|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
trombone|harp|HasA|keys
fan|clamp|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
magazine|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
raft|sailboat|HasA|wheels
sofa|bedroom|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
bed|barn|IsA|permanent structure
worm|beetle|IsA|insect
soup|sandwich|MadeOf|meat
raft|tank|HasA|wheels
worker|girl|IsA|head
hare|rabbit|CapableOf|running fast
pencil|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
butterfly|spider|IsA|slow mover
kite|pelican|PartOf|wild life
paintbrush|pencil|CapableOf|writing
rocker|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
truck|bike|UsedFor|eating
squirrel|turtle|HasProperty|four-legged
tomato|olive|HasProperty|green
hand|neck|IsA|part of a building
bike|buggy|UsedFor|eating
caribou|bison|UsedFor|travel
celery|cucumber|HasProperty|green
knee|knees|AtLocation|upper body
toe|leg|IsA|on the lower half 
crab|chicken|HasA|legs
duck|falcon|HasA|long beak
beer|whisky|HasProperty|alcoholic
arm|neck|HasA|less than three joints
bedroom|door|UsedFor|storage
crayon|pencil|HasA|keyboard
grenade|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
trombone|piano|HasA|keys
zebra|camel|AtLocation|in africa
dishwasher|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
rocker|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
wheel|drill|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
shotgun|rifle|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
orange|cherry|HasProperty|sweet
truck|car|UsedFor|transporting more than 1 person
paintbrush|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
tap|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
rattlesnake|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
milk|potatoes|IsA|colour red
mink|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
radio|rocker|CapableOf|be turned on
candle|cigarette|CapableOf|be set alight with match
garlic|coconut|CapableOf|spices
tape|bolts|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
mug|saucer|AtLocation|in the kitchen
wheel|clamp|CapableOf|be turned on
scarf|coat|IsA|item of clothing
butter|liquor|HasProperty|a liquid
aunt|wife|IsA|male
mother|wife|HasProperty|male
cabin|building|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
drill|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rabbit|raccoon|IsA|mammal
sandwich|sugar|IsA|liquid
comb|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
coat|necklace|CapableOf|be worn
moth|beetle|IsA|colorful 
clarinet|flute|MadeOf|wood
shoulder|forearm|AtLocation|upper body
tap|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
plate|barrel|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|make sound
screwdriver|pencil|PartOf|what is the name of 
mirror|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
grapefruit|banana|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
daughter|aunt|CapableOf|be a lady
plum|avocado|HasProperty|sweet
lantern|tray|IsA|item of clothing
plug|stereo|UsedFor|can your card used home
jacket|gown|IsA|an accessory
coyote|mole|HasA|hooves
rope|hose|CapableOf|be used in home
jeep|bike|AtLocation|in water
neck|throat|HasProperty|used affected during make up
beaver|skunk|CapableOf|hunt other animals
tray|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
groundhog|rabbit|AtLocation|underground
groundhog|fawn|IsA|predator
groundhog|coyote|HasA|long ear
stick|knife|CapableOf|print
butterfly|beetle|IsA|plant
spoon|bucket|HasA|handle
shoulder|elbow|PartOf|the upper body
screws|strainer|AtLocation|at home
beaver|squirrel|HasA|long ear
body|liver|AtLocation|on head
tower|walls|HasProperty|enclosed
coconut|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
house|inn|IsA|religion buildings
snail|beetle|AtLocation|nature
father|boy|HasProperty|male
woman|wife|PartOf|hospital staff
falcon|kite|HasA|wings
cupboard|bedroom|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
man|nurse|IsA|person
pants|socks|PartOf|lower waistline
thermometer|mirror|UsedFor|wearing
crocodile|zebra|HasA|antlers/tusks
hut|bridge|IsA|religious place
bridge|barn|HasA|start with a b
bar|hand|PartOf|room
drill|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
sailboat|boat|HasProperty|colored red
sailboat|skateboard|UsedFor|eating
bayonet|spear|UsedFor|sleeping
cottage|apartment|IsA|red home
frog|cow|CapableOf|jump
raspberry|plum|HasProperty|yellow
bolts|plug|CapableOf|make or play music
razor|pencil|IsA|construction tool
flea|spider|CapableOf|crawl 
pants|skirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
truck|tank|MadeOf|metal
mole|skunk|HasA|long tail
leopard|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
rocker|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
shirt|jacket|HasA|wheel
gorilla|zebra|IsA|type of cat
coyote|porcupine|HasA|hooves
squirrel|porcupine|IsA|mammal
kidney|eye|IsA|cancer related card
pencil|screwdriver|CapableOf|to paint
zebra|bison|IsA|type of cat
hair|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
raccoon|groundhog|HasA|long ear
rabbit|groundhog|CapableOf|be held 
cherry|orange|HasProperty|green
walls|deck|PartOf|human body
deer|horse|HasA| mane (hair on it)
comb|chisel|PartOf|drawing
dress|coat|AtLocation|on neck
neck|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
walls|roof|PartOf|house
bison|caribou|CapableOf|carry a adult human
octopus|squid|HasA|legs
bolts|hose|UsedFor|harm
falcon|vulture|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
stick|drill|UsedFor|hair
barrel|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
daughter|girlfriend|HasProperty|royalty
pants|skirt|IsA|accessory
squirrel|elephant|HasA| 4 limbs
lobster|octopus|IsA|water animal
raspberry|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
stove|tray|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
turtle|alligator|HasA|legs
bathroom|hand|PartOf|house
camel|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
father|aunt|CapableOf|be a lady
shotgun|rifle|HasProperty|longer than one foot
prince|father|IsA|man
prune|strawberry|IsA|berry
salad|potatoes|HasA|green label
cherry|orange|HasProperty|yellow
worker|aunt|HasProperty|a picture of a female
otter|mole|PartOf|plant
wall|carpet|MadeOf|wood typically
screws|pistol|IsA|vessel
magazine|fan|MadeOf|metal/steel
lantern|candle|HasProperty|quite small
cherry|cheese|UsedFor|testy
man|doctor|IsA|female (strictly)
scissors|screwdriver|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
raft|sled|HasA|motor
perch|catfish|HasA|fins
wife|girl|IsA|profession/title
dress|scarf|IsA|item of clothing
daughter|son|AtLocation|in a royal family
door|wall|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
shoulder|wrist|IsA|joint
bedroom|building|IsA|religious place
oven|fridge|UsedFor|keeping things cool
pistol|tank|UsedFor|harm
neck|arm|AtLocation|bottom half of body
perch|crab|AtLocation|at sea
hut|cottage|HasProperty|for the rich
pelican|duck|CapableOf|attack others
pipe|tank|IsA|firearm
cottage|house|AtLocation|at your home
elephant|cheetah|HasA|horn
blouse|jacket|HasProperty|something that is worn
bungalow|house|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
dog|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
skis|raft|AtLocation|in there
cat|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
neck|elbow|IsA|part of the skeleton
cockroach|snail|HasProperty|an insect
bison|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
gate|barn|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
mother|daughter|AtLocation|in a castle
sheep|dog|AtLocation|pet store
pencil|comb|PartOf|drawing
tent|house|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
kidney|elbow|AtLocation|on head
skateboard|scooter|UsedFor|single person transport
squirrel|raccoon|HasA|long ear
plug|hose|MadeOf|paper
mackerel|perch|HasA|legs/tentacles 
hose|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
father|uncle|IsA|son of your grandpa
faucet|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
potatoes|meat|MadeOf|cup
barrel|pistol|CapableOf|be used in home
raspberry|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
bowl|boat|CapableOf|fly
princess|father|IsA|car
avocado|eggplant|HasA|any green on it 
gate|tent|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
wrist|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
eye|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
kidney|muscle|IsA|limb
candle|lamp|HasProperty|something to be worn
closet|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
shoulder|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
elephant|horse|HasA|stripes
doctor|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
fan|rocker|CapableOf|be turned on
squirrel|iguana|IsA|amphibian
crayon|brush|CapableOf|print
turtle|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
hose|grenade|CapableOf|use electricity
elephant|bison|CapableOf|carry a adult human
blender|microwave|PartOf|kitchen appliance
worm|squirrel|IsA|plant
rocket|drill|UsedFor|harm
car|scooter|UsedFor|eating
cabin|apartment|PartOf|set of furniture
fingers|hand|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
faucet|rope|CapableOf|work without electricity
bridge|gate|HasA|own altar
sailboat|skis|UsedFor|eating
flea|wasp|CapableOf|walk fast
buzzard|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
drill|screwdriver|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
bacon|meal|MadeOf|meat
foot|thigh|PartOf|upper body
jeep|raft|UsedFor|eating
grenade|pistol|MadeOf|wood (partially)
rock|radio|CapableOf|working
dog|tiger|HasProperty|carnivorous
hose|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
cousin|daughter|CapableOf|be a lady
caribou|zebra|IsA|herbivore
shoes|jacket|UsedFor|feet protection
plum|prune|HasA|single hard pit
mink|porcupine|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
scooter|skis|HasProperty|consuming fuel
caterpillar|worm|HasA|wings
chisel|spatula|CapableOf|writing
barrel|hose|UsedFor|shooting
raccoon|rattlesnake|AtLocation|carnivorous
pony|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
inn|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
catfish|mackerel|HasA|legs
kite|starling|HasProperty|a predator
mother|girlfriend|HasA|a blood relation with you
oven|toilet|AtLocation|in the kitchen
crocodile|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
rattlesnake|alligator|IsA|reptile
strainer|wheel|MadeOf|wood
butter|chocolate|UsedFor|dessert
arm|hand|HasA|less than three joints
barn|hut|AtLocation|at your home
eel|octopus|IsA|water animal
mole|elk|IsA|predator
wheel|pipe|HasA|round shape
skunk|raccoon|IsA|sad
worm|snail|AtLocation|nature
house|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
trout|perch|CapableOf|come in a tin
rocket|plate|CapableOf|contain water
doctor|boy|IsA|family member
eggplant|broccoli|UsedFor|cleaning
church|cabin|IsA|4 letter word
mouth|nose|CapableOf| taste
elbow|arm|AtLocation|upper body
kidney|muscle|AtLocation|on the inside
peach|strawberry|IsA|fruit
lamb|rabbit|IsA|food
guitar|banjo|MadeOf|metal
faucet|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
fan|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
frog|flea|AtLocation|nature
bed|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
bar|floor|UsedFor|working with computer
cottage|hut|IsA|component of a home
peach|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
yacht|boat|HasA|engine
deer|cow|AtLocation|pet store
zebra|chicken|HasA|legs
mirror|clock|IsA|home appliance
chisel|knife|MadeOf|writing
guitar|harmonica|UsedFor|sound
bathroom|walls|PartOf|human body
cockroach|worm|HasA|walking
eagle|hawk|UsedFor|a national symbol
rope|rock|IsA|related to music 
pigeon|kite|HasA|wings
crayon|chisel|PartOf|drawing
worm|ant|IsA|bug
daughter|worker|IsA|car
throat|finger|IsA|part of the body
razor|knife|CapableOf|print
coat|necklace|UsedFor|wearing
girl|nurse|CapableOf|bear a child
gown|blouse|HasProperty|worn below the waist
radio|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
chapel|house|AtLocation|at your home
screwdriver|paintbrush|PartOf|drawing
chisel|comb|PartOf|drawing
pencil|crayon|HasA|keyboard
skirt|robe|HasProperty|something that is worn
banana|cherry|UsedFor|smoothies
doctor|father|UsedFor|transportation
bean|chocolate|IsA|diary food
worm|turtle|IsA|colorful 
razor|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
bolts|fan|AtLocation|at an electronics store
rabbit|hare|CapableOf|climb on tree
rope|plate|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
plate|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
snail|cockroach|IsA|colorful 
sandwich|soup|HasProperty|mainly meat
mother|girlfriend|CapableOf|become pregnant 
toe|ankle|HasProperty|a large part
stork|seagull|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
raft|skis|AtLocation|in there
buzzard|seagull|CapableOf|be a household pet
sugar|chocolate|IsA|diary food
gown|skirt|UsedFor|covering legs
rocker|rope|CapableOf|provide water
tape|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
donkey|pony|HasA|hooves
bison|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
floor|deck|IsA|body part
tiger|camel|UsedFor|eating
pony|sheep|IsA|teeth
turtle|rattlesnake|IsA|plant
snail|butterfly|IsA|slow mover
porcupine|raccoon|HasA|long ears
house|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
peach|prune|IsA|fruit
walls|bathroom|AtLocation|outside of a home
mouth|throat|HasProperty|used affected during make up
porcupine|groundhog|CapableOf|climb trees
sheep|goat|UsedFor|riding
owl|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
brow|nose|HasProperty|above eye
donkey|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
glass|wood|IsA|bottle
girl|nurse|HasProperty|male
ankle|hair|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
rabbit|skunk|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
broccoli|avocado|HasProperty|green (most part)
princess|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
clarinet|flute|IsA|wind instrument
horse|zebra|HasA|tail
accordion|piano|HasA|reed to make it work
jeep|buggy|CapableOf|carry multiple people
car|yacht|UsedFor|farming
boots|shoes|AtLocation|on lower body
wheel|skis|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
radio|fan|CapableOf|working
garlic|orange|HasA|single hard pit
tuba|flute|HasA|keys
lemon|cheese|MadeOf|juice making
blender|kettle|HasProperty|big
girl|worker|UsedFor|food
doctor|actress|UsedFor|transportation
frog|dog|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pliers|paintbrush|CapableOf|print
sugar|bacon|IsA|diary food
princess|boy|IsA|car
bedroom|cupboard|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
garlic|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
asparagus|crab|IsA|mollusk
house|inn|HasProperty|made of concrete
scooter|tractor|AtLocation|in water
car|buggy|UsedFor|farming
goat|dog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
scooter|wheel|AtLocation|in there
door|dishwasher|AtLocation|in the kitchen
chicken|goat|MadeOf|red
sheep|goat|HasA|hooves
sailboat|raft|HasA|motor
finger|throat|CapableOf| taste
shoes|dress|UsedFor|warming upper body
caterpillar|wasp|IsA|insect
barrel|gun|UsedFor|firing artillery
perch|cod|IsA|card facing left
perch|cod|HasA|red shell when cooked
bison|donkey|HasProperty|fluffy
pencil|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
flute|trombone|HasProperty|single-reed
orange|pear|HasA|edible skin
mixer|plug|UsedFor|electronic uses
vulture|pigeon|IsA|alive 
hose|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
rope|wheel|UsedFor|harm
blouse|jacket|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
elbow|forearm|PartOf|the upper body
horse|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
cherry|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
apartment|bungalow|UsedFor|human living
oven|magazine|CapableOf|be use for transportation
freezer|fridge|UsedFor|storing food 
window|ceiling|PartOf|a house
brush|chisel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
jacket|umbrella|UsedFor|protection
bathroom|walls|UsedFor|working with computer
thigh|knees|PartOf|the upper body
duck|onions|IsA|food
hare|skunk|PartOf|herd
elephant|zebra|HasA|4 legs
rattlesnake|iguana|IsA|amphibian
frog|donkey|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
drill|brush|AtLocation|construction site
wrist|knee|IsA|plural
knees|foot|HasProperty|below the waist 
chicken|duck|IsA|animal
pants|gown|UsedFor|covering legs
garlic|pear|HasProperty|yellow
rattlesnake|rabbit|AtLocation|north america (specifically)
pants|jacket|UsedFor|feet protection
house|church|IsA|permanent structure
lantern|mirror|IsA|hospital equipment
knife|comb|CapableOf|to paint
cottage|inn|UsedFor|a place of worship
floor|deck|IsA|part of a building
bolts|clamp|PartOf|tire
jacket|blouse|IsA|logo
groundhog|beaver|CapableOf|be held 
pants|tray|IsA|hospital equipment
jeans|pants|AtLocation|upper part of body
squirrel|groundhog|HasA|long ear
nose|lips|PartOf|face
shirt|gown|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
flea|turtle|CapableOf|walk fast
avocado|garlic|HasA|multiple layers or aspects
flea|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
tractor|bike|UsedFor|land suitable one
actress|girl|HasProperty|exclusively female
zebra|salmon|IsA|mollusk
screwdriver|crayon|UsedFor|cutting
pencil|chisel|MadeOf|writing
deck|room|HasProperty|vertical
blouse|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
elephant|elk|HasA|horn
dress|blouse|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
coyote|skunk|HasA|horn
saucer|boat|CapableOf|fly
bed|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
toaster|oven|IsA|electrical appliance
cat|dog|HasProperty|carnivorous
pants|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
groundhog|raccoon|HasA|horn
bison|crocodile|IsA|type of cat
freezer|door|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
jacket|dress|IsA|an accessory
tap|faucet|CapableOf|provide water
cow|sheep|UsedFor|a source of milk
tape|clamp|CapableOf|make sound
forearm|finger|HasA|less than three joints
sofa|bedroom|UsedFor|lighting
mother|worker|UsedFor|food
raspberry|grapefruit|IsA|bitter fruit
tray|pot|MadeOf|metal
spider|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
porcupine|mink|CapableOf|live in water
barn|apartment|PartOf|set of furniture
plum|pear|HasA|edible skin (usually)
rabbit|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
neck|nose|UsedFor|eating
screwdriver|knife|PartOf|drawing
forearm|finger|HasProperty|lower body
inn|cottage|HasA|roof
duck|dove|HasA|large wing span
sink|door|IsA|electrical appliance
camel|cat|CapableOf|be domesticated
mole|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
donkey|cat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
mirror|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
ceiling|deck|PartOf|room
cousin|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
iguana|squirrel|IsA|amphibian
daughter|nurse|HasProperty|royalty
tiger|elephant|IsA|teeth
frog|sheep|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
umbrella|skirt|IsA|logo
rabbit|cat|UsedFor|riding
magazine|clamp|IsA|related to music 
prune|plum|HasA|single hard pit
pen|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
elbow|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
deer|tiger|HasA| mane (hair on it)
rabbit|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
cow|pony|IsA|carnivore 
leopard|camel|IsA|has horns
car|truck|HasA|engine
trombone|clarinet|CapableOf|be blown into
wife|daughter|IsA|family member
donkey|horse|AtLocation|typically europe
tiger|crocodile|HasA|sharp teeth
window|room|HasProperty|enclosed
walls|floor|HasProperty|indoor
plug|bolts|CapableOf|make or play music
fingers|finger|IsA|part of a building
duck|rabbit|MadeOf|something edible
wasp|moth|HasProperty|an insect
frog|cat|AtLocation|pet store
screws|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
chocolate|bean|IsA|liquid
elephant|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
pony|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
jet|saucer|HasA|the ability to fly
fingers|neck|AtLocation|below waist
wrist|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
frog|cow|UsedFor|riding
walls|deck|IsA|body part
rocket|screws|IsA|firearm
drill|knife|CapableOf|writing
chisel|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
plum|pear|IsA|red  or orang
cougar|tiger|IsA|predator 
cheetah|gorilla|IsA|has horns
moth|wasp|CapableOf|flying
wasp|worm|CapableOf|walk fast
pigeon|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
wall|door|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
girlfriend|actress|HasProperty|royalty
caribou|elk|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
cannon|tank|IsA|weapon
blouse|scarf|IsA|home appliance
giraffe|zebra|IsA|type of cat
lemon|garlic|PartOf|eating
room|ceiling|HasA|glass
rattlesnake|cockroach|IsA|plant
avocado|banana|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
cranberry|avocado|UsedFor|smoothie
frog|dog|IsA|something a farmer would own
fingers|hand|AtLocation|in your upper body
iguana|rattlesnake|HasA|four feet
hawk|falcon|UsedFor|a national symbol
moth|caterpillar|CapableOf|walk fast
wheel|mixer|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
goat|sheep|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
fridge|tray|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
lobster|perch|AtLocation|on a farm
gorilla|deer|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
rabbit|sheep|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
man|actress|IsA|noun
raccoon|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
skirt|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
caterpillar|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
screwdriver|brush|CapableOf|writing
foot|knee|AtLocation|below waist
plate|tray|PartOf|any of various units of 
broom|birch|IsA|weapon 
skin|hair|AtLocation|on your head
squid|tuna|IsA|water animal
airplane|helicopter|AtLocation|in the air
lobster|cod|IsA|water animal
wheel|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
horse|cow|IsA|typical pet
kidney|liver|AtLocation|on head
trumpet|tuba|IsA|wind instrument
rifle|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bagpipe|trombone|HasA|reed to make it work
kite|falcon|HasA|large wingspan
boat|sailboat|HasProperty|usually a large size
finger|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
rope|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
deer|raccoon|IsA|herbivore
chandelier|lantern|HasProperty|quite small
paintbrush|brush|IsA|cuting
screws|tank|MadeOf|metal
owl|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
daughter|aunt|HasA|blood relationship with you
truck|jeep|HasProperty|consuming fuel
leg|elbow|IsA|limb
potatoes|milk|AtLocation|in the ground
barrel|plate|UsedFor|building
duck|lamb|HasProperty|red
deck|tower|HasA|diagram on it
cod|catfish|CapableOf|come in a tin
cat|ant|CapableOf|flying
hose|gun|CapableOf|be held in hands
raspberry|plum|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
mixer|fan|IsA|digital device
apartment|cabin|IsA|permanent structure
mink|squirrel|IsA|predator
crocodile|camel|IsA|an animal
grenade|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
tent|cabin|HasProperty|part of a plane
shield|blouse|HasProperty|something that is worn
magazine|plug|IsA|digital device
jeans|boots|AtLocation|on lower body
jacket|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
barrel|drill|UsedFor|harm
hose|bolts|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
screwdriver|comb|PartOf|drawing
bungalow|apartment|MadeOf|one or more rooms
bean|salad|HasA|vegetables
king|uncle|IsA|direct relation
grapefruit|pear|HasA|edible skin
jeans|sack|HasA|wheel
perch|salmon|HasA|red shell when cooked
tray|thermometer|UsedFor|lighting
car|truck|UsedFor|land suitable one
elbow|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
father|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
bungalow|building|IsA|religious place
wheel|mixer|HasA|a type of metal
bolts|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
woman|mother|HasProperty|exclusively female
rabbit|hare|CapableOf|running fast
elbow|forearm|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
sink|blender|UsedFor|heating items up
scooter|car|MadeOf|metal
drill|spatula|UsedFor|writing
spider|ant|IsA|bug
bacon|bean|HasA|vegetables
scissors|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
typewriter|knife|MadeOf|writing
sparrow|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
wrist|ankle|IsA|plural
stereo|rope|UsedFor|can your card used home
skateboard|buggy|UsedFor|eating
forearm|elbow|HasA|less than three joints
cupboard|wall|UsedFor|sleep
lamb|rabbit|MadeOf|something edible
coat|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
skin|eye|AtLocation|on your head
hose|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
actress|woman|HasProperty|two syllables
closet|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
skis|skateboard|HasA|wheels
tuna|zebra|HasA|red shell when cooked
dress|boots|HasA|sleeves
camel|giraffe|HasA|antlers/tusks
blood|bone|AtLocation|on your head
barrel|rocket|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
mink|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
fawn|skunk|HasA|hair/fur
hare|rabbit|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
alligator|elephant|HasA|trunk
arm|leg|AtLocation|below the waist
screwdriver|typewriter|IsA|cuting
lemon|coconut|UsedFor|testy
squid|eel|AtLocation|at sea
bathroom|window|MadeOf|wood
hose|clamp|MadeOf|paper
trumpet|harmonica|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
rabbit|raccoon|IsA|otter
screwdriver|paintbrush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
candle|clock|IsA|home appliance
blood|muscle|AtLocation|inside
cupboard|dishwasher|UsedFor|heating items up
pipe|tray|UsedFor|storing wine
harpsichord|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
dishwasher|kettle|CapableOf|hold water
closet|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
typewriter|pen|UsedFor|driving screws
pants|jeans|HasProperty|worn below the waist
gate|apartment|IsA|religious place
rope|bolts|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
shoulder|elbow|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
butterfly|beetle|CapableOf|walk fast
crayon|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
mink|otter|HasA|long tail
squirrel|beaver|CapableOf|be held 
helicopter|airplane|CapableOf|float 
cabin|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
building|hut|IsA|permanent structure
dress|skirt|UsedFor|by mainly women
flute|trombone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
ankle|toe|AtLocation|inside
butter|milk|UsedFor|desserts
soup|supper|HasA|vegetables
snail|spider|IsA|colorful 
bar|room|AtLocation|above your head in general
rope|hose|IsA|mostly black in colour
garlic|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
shirt|coat|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
man|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
perch|mackerel|HasA|legs
trombone|tuba|MadeOf|strings
avocado|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
lemon|prune|IsA|red  or orang
drill|typewriter|PartOf|drawing
mink|alligator|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
guitar|violin|HasA|strings
hare|skunk|AtLocation|underground
inn|hut|HasProperty|for the rich
wife|aunt|IsA|profession
asparagus|cod|HasA|legs
leg|arm|HasA|bones
father|cousin|IsA|car
cat|flea|HasA|walking
tuba|trombone|IsA|wind instrument
frog|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
cherry|lime|MadeOf|juice making
frog|crocodile|IsA|teeth
leopard|camel|HasA|horn or antler
boat|yacht|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
spatula|stick|CapableOf|print
cigarette|mirror|AtLocation|on neck
tank|barrel|HasA|round shape
gown|jacket|IsA|worn on the lower body
camel|caribou|IsA|predator 
accordion|tuba|HasA|keys
gorilla|camel|IsA|herbivore
kettle|oven|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
pear|plum|HasProperty|yellow
apartment|hut|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
tiger|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
banjo|saxophone|IsA|instrument
cheetah|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
raccoon|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
toaster|tray|AtLocation|on a countertop
rope|rocket|CapableOf|store or transport water
toe|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
wheel|tank|CapableOf|transport liquids
rock|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
wine|beer|UsedFor|drinking
tongue|finger|CapableOf| taste
squid|eel|AtLocation|on a farm
accordion|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
neck|arm|HasA|less than three joints
pipe|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
magazine|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
sugar|salad|AtLocation|in the ground
olive|cheese|CapableOf|bitter
roof|bar|PartOf|room
wrist|fingers|AtLocation|below where a watch is
kettle|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
spatula|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
eggplant|beans|HasProperty|green (most part)
barrel|screws|CapableOf|use electricity
raspberry|grapefruit|PartOf|group or bunch 
gun|tank|HasProperty|made for violence
stereo|plug|UsedFor|sound waves
skunk|beaver|AtLocation|on tree
mother|actress|IsA|car
seagull|kite|HasA|large wing span
perch|cod|IsA|mollusk
hyena|caribou|MadeOf|a living thing
wheel|car|CapableOf|hold more than one person
mackerel|eel|HasA|legs
pony|elephant|UsedFor|riding
onions|chicken|HasProperty|furry
plate|screws|CapableOf|use electricity
father|daughter|AtLocation|in a royal family
cannon|gun|CapableOf|used in war
candle|lamp|HasProperty|quite small
faucet|rocker|UsedFor|a vehicle
jeans|trousers|UsedFor|feet protection
pistol|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
stereo|plug|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
flute|banjo|HasA|keys
mole|squirrel|CapableOf|hunt other animals
pliers|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
woman|father|IsA|female
rabbit|donkey|IsA|something a farmer would own
fridge|microwave|UsedFor|entertainment
pot|tray|HasA|handle
prune|plum|PartOf|a red the color of
jeans|trousers|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
skirt|clock|UsedFor|wearing
screws|plate|CapableOf|be used in home
wine|sauce|IsA|liquid
cupboard|sofa|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
bathroom|room|PartOf|garage
chocolate|sauce|CapableOf|fry
avocado|peach|HasA|single hard pit
guitar|banjo|HasA|tube
elbow|hand|UsedFor|holding an apple
hose|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bison|buffalo|IsA|predator 
floor|bar|PartOf|room
chapel|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
snail|worm|CapableOf|flying
knife|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
chicken|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
yacht|wheel|AtLocation|in there
roof|walls|IsA|body part
elbow|neck|HasA|bones
tank|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
aunt|princess|IsA|direct or immediate relation
mixer|fan|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rocker|radio|MadeOf|paper
knees|thigh|PartOf|upper body
blender|oven|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
drill|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
car|jeep|CapableOf|carry multiple people
tap|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
father|daughter|HasA|blood relationship with you
worm|frog|PartOf|water
cottage|house|HasA|roof
shoulder|elbow|AtLocation|below where a watch is
tank|buggy|MadeOf|metal
stereo|mixer|CapableOf|be turned on
window|bathroom|CapableOf|be opened/closed
actress|wife|IsA|female
mirror|cigarette|AtLocation|on neck
clamp|tape|IsA|digital device
cat|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
mole|hare|HasA|horn
deer|donkey|UsedFor|a source of milk
arm|neck|PartOf|building
microwave|oven|MadeOf|maybe
boat|sailboat|CapableOf|hold more than fifty people
ant|frog|MadeOf|small animals
pipe|grenade|CapableOf|use electricity
ant|beetle|CapableOf|flying
roof|bathroom|UsedFor|decoration
princess|woman|HasA|blood relation with you
spatula|pliers|PartOf|drawing
bed|door|UsedFor|storage
mother|sister|IsA|immediate relation with you
razor|crayon|CapableOf|print
otter|mole|IsA|animal with long ears
cockroach|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
bag|coat|IsA|worn on the lower body
fan|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
bagpipe|harp|HasA|keys
pipe|grenade|IsA|firearm
lobster|squid|HasA|fins
cannon|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
tape|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
walls|floor|HasProperty|touches ground
father|daughter|IsA|profession
tape|plug|UsedFor|water
walls|floor|AtLocation|outside of a home
prince|king|IsA|female
chapel|gate|IsA|permanent structure
neck|throat|IsA|pink face feature
hose|tap|MadeOf|paper
skirt|dress|CapableOf|be worn
crab|squid|IsA|black and white
raspberry|pear|PartOf|group or bunch 
radio|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
frog|cat|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
candle|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
skin|hair|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
son|uncle|HasProperty|a family member
radio|magazine|UsedFor|food
cod|eel|IsA|water animal
arm|kidney|AtLocation|on head
floor|walls|AtLocation|on top of a house
princess|boy|IsA|family member
closet|cupboard|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
tank|rifle|IsA|weapon
squirrel|porcupine|HasProperty|originated from north america
skunk|coyote|HasA|long ear
orange|garlic|CapableOf|bitter
trout|chicken|IsA|mollusk
scarf|coat|CapableOf|be worn
grenade|rifle|IsA|weapon
son|father|IsA|direct relation with you
guitar|bagpipe|CapableOf|be held in hand
elk|fawn|PartOf|herd
camel|pony|UsedFor|a mode of transport
squid|perch|IsA|black and white
blender|kettle|CapableOf|make things cold
tank|wheel|UsedFor|eating
thermometer|candle|IsA|home appliance
arm|leg|IsA|part of the skeleton
coyote|beaver|IsA|mammal
stereo|wheel|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
avocado|beans|UsedFor|cleaning
vulture|pelican|CapableOf|fly
sister|daughter|PartOf|close blood relative
rocket|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
woman|girl|HasProperty|male
hose|rope|CapableOf|be held in hands
coconut|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
piano|trombone|UsedFor|sound
olive|avocado|HasProperty|green
wrist|hand|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
elephant|bison|HasA|big horns/tusk
butterfly|ant|HasProperty|an insect
arm|neck|PartOf|body
flute|piano|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
freezer|kettle|UsedFor|cooking food
vulture|stork|HasA|large wingspan
lemon|garlic|HasProperty|green
elbow|hand|AtLocation|in your upper body
worm|caterpillar|HasProperty|typically able to fly
actress|mother|AtLocation|in a castle
car|buggy|HasA|wheels
spider|flea|IsA|plant
cherry|raspberry|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
hose|stereo|MadeOf|metal
cannon|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
cat|wasp|CapableOf|crawl 
plate|hose|CapableOf|use electricity
magazine|fan|UsedFor|keeping things cool
tap|fan|MadeOf|metal/steel
brush|crayon|HasA|keyboard
garlic|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
sink|spoon|IsA|appliance
yacht|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
mirror|necklace|CapableOf|generate light
skin|ankle|AtLocation|inside
skateboard|scooter|UsedFor|eating
dishwasher|fridge|IsA|electrical appliance
blood|leg|IsA|limb
chapel|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
rabbit|donkey|CapableOf|be domesticated
deer|elk|HasA|horn
moth|cockroach|CapableOf|crawl 
tower|deck|AtLocation|above your head in general
kettle|blender|HasProperty|consuming electricity
magazine|rock|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
wall|door|UsedFor|storage
drill|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
crocodile|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
wheel|drill|CapableOf|transport liquids
camel|gorilla|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
comb|crayon|MadeOf|writing
mole|mink|IsA|otter
chandelier|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
pants|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
floor|fingers|PartOf|house
microwave|freezer|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
lemon|pear|UsedFor|smoothie
faucet|stereo|CapableOf|be turned on
salmon|eel|IsA|mollusk
frog|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
room|bathroom|HasProperty|enclosed
trousers|jacket|HasA|wheel
magazine|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
fingers|neck|PartOf|building
horse|donkey|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
eagle|falcon|CapableOf|attack others
ankle|leg|IsA|upper body part
gorilla|crocodile|HasA|hooves
radio|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
clock|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
bag|coat|HasA|wheel
skirt|gown|UsedFor|covering legs
skunk|mink|IsA|sad
rocker|tap|MadeOf|paper
chapel|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
coat|pants|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
typewriter|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
floor|ceiling|PartOf|human body
grapefruit|prune|IsA|more than one fruit
house|building|HasProperty|made of concrete
cow|crocodile|IsA|teeth
worker|actress|IsA|family member
dress|trousers|UsedFor|covering legs
freezer|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
lemon|cheese|CapableOf|delicious
prune|peach|HasProperty|yellow
pistol|barrel|CapableOf|be held in hands
spatula|drill|CapableOf|writing
rattlesnake|moth|IsA|plant
body|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
deer|sheep|HasA| mane (hair on it)
eel|perch|IsA|fish
eel|perch|HasA|legs
rabbit|hare|HasProperty|living in water
tape|tap|MadeOf|paper
finger|hand|HasProperty|lower body
pants|skirt|AtLocation|foot
crab|eel|AtLocation|on a farm
ankle|thigh|UsedFor|walking
milk|meat|AtLocation|in the ground
wheel|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
pony|goat|AtLocation|pet store
wheel|tray|AtLocation|on car
sauce|whisky|IsA|diary food
tap|hose|MadeOf|paper
mink|wood|CapableOf|burn
bacon|sauce|IsA|diary food
paintbrush|brush|HasProperty|cutting
cucumber|tomato|IsA|fruit
trombone|clarinet|HasA|tube
bison|ox|IsA|specific type of deer
gorilla|camel|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
ankle|thigh|IsA|upper body part
shirt|dress|IsA|an accessory
trousers|jeans|IsA|worn on the lower body
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|be held in hands
hose|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
cat|bison|HasProperty|fluffy
princess|mother|HasProperty|exclusively female
porcupine|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
saxophone|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
orange|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
shirt|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
blouse|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
orange|raspberry|HasA|edible skin
cow|tiger|IsA|typical pet
snail|ant|IsA|slow mover
dog|cat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
cottage|inn|IsA|religion buildings
zebra|bison|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
crocodile|tiger|IsA|teeth
elbow|arm|HasProperty|something humans have two of
deer|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
falcon|hawk|IsA|sea bird
shoulder|finger|MadeOf|a whole body part
cottage|house|IsA|relatively small
daughter|cousin|IsA|female
rocket|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
skunk|beaver|HasA|horn
eel|crab|IsA|black and white
cherry|garlic|UsedFor|smoothie
raft|boat|CapableOf|be used on snow
screwdriver|pencil|HasProperty|cutting
sofa|wall|MadeOf|wood typically
bridge|house|HasA|own altar
beetle|cockroach|IsA|insect
barrel|wheel|IsA|firearm
hare|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
typewriter|screwdriver|CapableOf|be used for drawing
avocado|garlic|IsA|fruit
garlic|orange|IsA|vegetable
coyote|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
giraffe|cart|HasA|stripes
avocado|corn|IsA|purple vegetable
boat|yacht|AtLocation|in there
boy|mother|IsA|car
woman|princess|HasProperty|female
girlfriend|boy|UsedFor|transportation
pear|cherry|HasA|big seed
cockroach|flea|HasA|wings
shoes|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
lobster|eel|HasA|fins
window|bathroom|AtLocation|on the outside of building
shirt|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
stereo|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
cougar|hyena|CapableOf|carry a adult human
duck|owl|HasA|large wingspan
stick|knife|CapableOf|be used for hair
sofa|bed|UsedFor|lighting
hyena|camel|HasA|antler
avocado|prune|UsedFor|smoothie
cherry|grapefruit|IsA|fruit
zebra|octopus|HasA|fins
turtle|beetle|CapableOf|flying
worm|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
man|woman|IsA|person
cat|frog|MadeOf|small animals
walls|bathroom|PartOf|body
hose|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
scissors|razor|CapableOf|be used for hair
duck|starling|HasProperty|a predator
chandelier|coat|IsA|hospital equipment
raccoon|groundhog|CapableOf|attack human
cigarette|lamp|UsedFor|lighting
rocker|bolts|UsedFor|entertainment
wheel|tray|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
rattlesnake|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
chapel|gate|HasA| place for worship
jacket|robe|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
finger|fingers|PartOf|upper body
squirrel|frog|MadeOf|small animals
pear|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
bacon|meal|HasProperty|meaty
blender|stove|PartOf|kitchen appliance
hose|clamp|IsA|electric 
fridge|dishwasher|HasA|power supply
skirt|jeans|UsedFor|feet
leg|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
worm|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
clarinet|banjo|UsedFor|sound
rock|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
grapefruit|plum|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
stereo|rocker|UsedFor|music related entertainment
elk|cougar|IsA|predator 
sandwich|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
coyote|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
nurse|princess|IsA|female
tank|gun|MadeOf|wood (partially)
muscle|liver|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
crayon|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
elbow|hand|IsA|plural
girlfriend|wife|UsedFor|transportation
buffalo|giraffe|IsA|type of cat
banana|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
guitar|trumpet|HasA|strings
buggy|jeep|UsedFor|land suitable one
orange|grapefruit|HasA|usually inedible skin
actress|wife|HasA|a blood relation with you
squirrel|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
octopus|chicken|IsA|black and white
goat|cat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
buggy|jeep|HasProperty|consuming fuel
scissors|knife|HasA|sharp cutting edge
arm|wrist|AtLocation|in your upper body
car|buggy|HasA|an engine
tomato|potato|IsA|fruit or vegetable
candle|lantern|CapableOf|generate light
stereo|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
ant|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
groundhog|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
butterfly|caterpillar|IsA|plant
avocado|grapefruit|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
razor|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
garlic|olive|HasProperty|green
snail|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
dress|pants|UsedFor|covering legs
snail|worm|IsA|insect
skunk|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
squirrel|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
piano|banjo|CapableOf|be blown into
fan|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
scissors|knife|MadeOf|writing
corn|cherry|HasProperty|green
jeep|tank|UsedFor|farming
scarf|skirt|IsA|item of clothing
bacon|steak|HasProperty|a single item
dog|sheep|HasA| mane (hair on it)
buggy|bike|UsedFor|eating
crayon|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
perch|mackerel|IsA|card facing left
rope|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
thigh|shoulder|PartOf|an appendage
porcupine|skunk|CapableOf|attack human
saxophone|trumpet|UsedFor|blowing
airplane|bowl|CapableOf|float 
floor|window|UsedFor|working with computer
drill|scissors|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
plum|pear|HasProperty|sweet
dress|coat|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
spatula|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
pistol|pipe|CapableOf|be used in home
gun|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
house|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
zebra|elk|IsA|type of big cat
trombone|piano|HasA|valves
window|tower|HasProperty|vertical
boots|trousers|IsA|piece of clothing
dress|coat|UsedFor|wearing
crab|lobster|HasA|claws
spatula|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
trout|tuna|HasA|legs
frog|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
wheel|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
otter|mink|CapableOf|live in water
otter|mole|AtLocation|on  a tree
hut|building|HasProperty|for the rich
woodpecker|duck|HasProperty|a predator
skunk|deer|CapableOf|live in water
dog|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
cottage|church|IsA|permanent structure
kettle|dishwasher|HasA|electrical parts
woman|princess|IsA|female
pen|crayon|PartOf|what is the name of 
frog|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
grapefruit|peach|IsA|red  or orang
rocket|cannon|CapableOf|be launched/fired
pen|knife|UsedFor|grooming
ant|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
donkey|deer|HasA|hooves
camel|elephant|CapableOf|fly
dishwasher|kettle|IsA|electrical appliance
father|aunt|HasProperty|a picture of a female
strawberry|plum|UsedFor|smoothie
gate|bridge|HasA|own altar
ankle|finger|IsA|plural
crocodile|cougar|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
barrel|shotgun|HasProperty|tiger
sparrow|seagull|CapableOf|be a household pet
cow|frog|AtLocation|pet store
ceiling|bathroom|PartOf|house
cranberry|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
building|inn|IsA|religious place
finger|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
room|window|AtLocation|above your head
knife|chisel|HasA|sharp cutting edge
toe|body|AtLocation|inside
clock|lantern|IsA|hospital equipment
woman|man|UsedFor|food
liver|elbow|AtLocation|on head
church|cathedral|AtLocation|at christian belief country
paintbrush|typewriter|CapableOf|print
wheel|car|MadeOf|metal
drill|screws|HasA|number on it
bison|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
socks|dress|IsA|piece of clothing
rabbit|goat|IsA|something a farmer would own
clamp|plug|IsA|digital device
beans|corn|IsA|vegetable
pliers|stick|UsedFor|hair
socks|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
soup|butter|HasProperty|a liquid
cheetah|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
alligator|coyote|AtLocation|carnivorous
pear|plum|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
grenade|rifle|HasA|caterpillar treads
razor|typewriter|HasProperty|cutting
meat|potatoes|UsedFor|dessert
rock|fridge|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
rope|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
skirt|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
sack|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
dress|blouse|HasProperty|worn on the neck
brush|scissors|UsedFor|driving screws
liquor|beer|IsA|liquid
cherry|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
bagpipe|harpsichord|HasA|strings
cousin|aunt|PartOf|close blood relative
paper|skunk|IsA|fragile
groundhog|raccoon|PartOf|herd
girl|cousin|HasProperty|male
groundhog|skunk|IsA|herbivore
jeep|bike|MadeOf|metal
rocket|rifle|HasProperty|tiger
rope|radio|UsedFor|entertainment
bowl|saucer|CapableOf|float 
oak|apartment|IsA|red home
deer|hare|IsA|mammal
razor|pliers|CapableOf|be used for drawing
sandwich|supper|MadeOf|meat
mole|otter|HasA|long tail
girlfriend|aunt|IsA|profession
catfish|eel|AtLocation|at sea
cow|rabbit|HasA|tail
wine|sandwich|IsA|diary food
wife|nurse|IsA|male
window|ceiling|CapableOf|let in air
blender|dishwasher|CapableOf|keep food fresh
shoulder|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
kettle|toaster|AtLocation|on a countertop
strainer|wheel|HasA|round shape
turtle|iguana|HasProperty|dangerous
pencil|stick|PartOf|drawing
shoes|jeans|AtLocation|on lower body
hare|mole|HasA|horn
goat|dog|HasA|fur
grapefruit|avocado|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
thigh|ankle|HasA|nails
bagpipe|clarinet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
toaster|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
drill|barrel|CapableOf|be used in home
door|cupboard|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
tank|pistol|CapableOf|be held in hands
giraffe|leopard|IsA|has horns
mink|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
cigarette|candle|CapableOf|be set alight with match
chicken|goat|IsA|n animal
skis|buggy|AtLocation|in there
floor|room|CapableOf|be used home
chicken|shrimp|IsA|fish
butterfly|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
grapefruit|strawberry|IsA|fruit
wife|mother|HasA|multiple people pictured
perch|salmon|HasA|legs
bolts|screws|UsedFor|restraining things
wheel|radio|MadeOf|paper
goat|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
house|bungalow|IsA|religious place
rabbit|mole|PartOf|herd
elbow|forearm|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
cabin|church|IsA|4 letter word
spatula|brush|HasA|sharp edge
snail|ant|IsA|colorful 
wheel|pipe|IsA|firearm
salad|supper|HasProperty|meaty
paintbrush|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
nurse|boy|IsA|car
cabin|cottage|IsA|4 letter word
finger|hand|PartOf|human body
building|cabin|HasProperty|for the rich
man|actress|CapableOf|bear a child
toe|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
prince|king|AtLocation|in a royal family
stick|comb|PartOf|drawing
cottage|gate|IsA|relatively small
shoes|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
arm|hand|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
crocodile|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
arm|forearm|MadeOf|upper body parts
thermometer|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
mixer|clamp|PartOf|tire
rocket|screws|UsedFor|harm
magazine|radio|CapableOf|be use for transportation
paintbrush|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
clarinet|guitar|UsedFor|sound
walls|ceiling|PartOf|building
asparagus|lobster|IsA|fish
necklace|cigarette|CapableOf|generate light
microwave|kettle|CapableOf|be plugged in
cougar|ox|MadeOf|a living thing
caterpillar|worm|MadeOf|small animals
fawn|mole|CapableOf|live in water
blender|toaster|IsA|electrical appliance
frog|snail|IsA|plant
ankle|elbow|AtLocation|on head
skirt|shoes|AtLocation|upper part of body
gorilla|zebra|HasA|horn
tongue|lips|AtLocation|below mouth
raft|car|UsedFor|eating
garlic|olive|UsedFor|testy
bag|blouse|AtLocation|on your upper torso
jeans|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
butterfly|flea|HasProperty|an insect
hose|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
dishwasher|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
floor|walls|PartOf|another card 
fingers|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
rabbit|pony|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
soup|liquor|HasProperty|a liquid
hut|apartment|IsA|component of a home
raccoon|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
donkey|bison|IsA|typical pet
cousin|princess|HasA|multiple people pictured
bacon|supper|UsedFor|dinner
paintbrush|pen|MadeOf|writing
bar|deck|PartOf|building
frog|butterfly|CapableOf|walk fast
arm|hand|PartOf|upper body
rabbit|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
carpet|bed|UsedFor|sleep
cannon|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
daughter|princess|UsedFor|transportation
wheel|screws|MadeOf|wood
jeep|buggy|HasProperty|consuming fuel
jeans|dress|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
gun|rifle|HasA|finger trigger
spider|beetle|IsA|insect
bone|blood|IsA|limb
actress|boy|UsedFor|food
bag|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
neck|eye|AtLocation|below your waist
tuba|trumpet|HasA|keys
tractor|truck|HasProperty|consuming fuel
screwdriver|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
ant|cat|CapableOf|crawl 
pen|razor|PartOf|drawing
bolts|drill|UsedFor|building
clamp|wheel|IsA|electric 
pen|knife|MadeOf|writing
skin|toe|AtLocation|inside
potato|onions|IsA|fruit or vegetable
typewriter|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
chocolate|sugar|IsA|colour red
rope|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
finger|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
room|bathroom|UsedFor|decoration
bison|tiger|IsA|type of cat
cherry|prune|IsA|fruit
pony|goat|IsA|something a farmer would own
tape|clamp|IsA|digital device
thermometer|chandelier|UsedFor|wearing
boy|nurse|IsA|noun
coyote|squirrel|HasA|long ears
boy|nurse|CapableOf|bear a child
deer|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
rifle|cannon|CapableOf|be held in hands
toaster|microwave|UsedFor|making food
porcupine|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
fan|magazine|IsA|related to music 
ant|snail|IsA|plant
tower|window|PartOf|building
groundhog|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
bolts|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
raccoon|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
boots|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
hair|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
coconut|cherry|UsedFor|testy
camel|elephant|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
arm|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
room|bathroom|PartOf|room
hand|fingers|PartOf|human body
pistol|tank|CapableOf|be used one-handed
sink|colander|HasProperty|using electricity
mirror|lantern|HasProperty|something to be worn
mug|bucket|HasA|handle
radio|microwave|UsedFor|keeping things cool
beetle|turtle|IsA|colorful 
nail|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
pelican|vulture|HasA|start with a p
raspberry|cranberry|AtLocation|be found on a bush
ceiling|bathroom|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
bagpipe|saxophone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
cod|mackerel|AtLocation|at sea
avocado|pear|HasA|peel
building|tent|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
camel|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
kettle|dishwasher|HasProperty|consuming electricity
squirrel|skunk|IsA|mink
wheel|clamp|MadeOf|paper
chandelier|blouse|IsA|hospital equipment
accordion|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
sheep|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
salad|potatoes|IsA|diary food
peach|cherry|IsA|fruit
screwdriver|brush|PartOf|what is your name this
cannon|rifle|HasA|caterpillar treads
dishwasher|freezer|PartOf|kitchen appliance
elk|mole|IsA|predator
pipe|plate|CapableOf|be held in hands
mink|raccoon|IsA|otter
boy|man|IsA|female (strictly)
giraffe|horse|HasA|tail
scarf|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
boy|worker|IsA|family member
helicopter|saucer|CapableOf|fly
scissors|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
rocker|rock|CapableOf|working
magazine|rock|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
daughter|wife|IsA|family member
saucer|bottle|HasA|handle
grapefruit|pear|HasA|big seed
leg|arm|IsA|limb
worm|flea|HasProperty|an insect
grenade|pistol|UsedFor|harm
hair|bone|AtLocation|on your head
chicken|potato|IsA|food
squirrel|flea|CapableOf|walk fast
banana|avocado|PartOf|a red the color of
camel|pony|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
cigarette|scarf|UsedFor|lighting
sandwich|bean|IsA|meat
blood|arm|IsA|limb
pear|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
wasp|spider|CapableOf|walk fast
camel|horse|IsA|typical pet
plum|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
rope|radio|IsA|digital device
house|cabin|HasProperty|for the rich
accordion|harmonica|HasA|strings
prince|son|IsA|male
fan|faucet|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rabbit|cow|AtLocation|pet store
bagpipe|piano|HasA|keys
bacon|soup|HasA|meat
plug|wheel|HasProperty|round shaped
tiger|deer|AtLocation|jungle
fridge|stove|PartOf|kitchen appliance
wheel|scooter|HasProperty|consuming fuel
king|son|IsA|direct relation with you
neck|blood|AtLocation|on head
camel|buffalo|IsA|predator 
tuna|octopus|AtLocation|at sea
elk|coyote|IsA|mammal
zebra|cheetah|HasA|horn
skunk|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
bed|closet|UsedFor|making food
nail|muscle|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
arm|finger|IsA|part of a building
wrist|shoulder|PartOf|the lower body
stick|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cigarette|skirt|IsA|home appliance
skirt|jacket|AtLocation|foot
rope|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
screwdriver|brush|PartOf|what is the name of 
milk|salad|UsedFor|recipes 
boots|shoes|CapableOf|cover your full body
chocolate|butter|UsedFor|desserts
strainer|pipe|MadeOf|wood
corn|onions|IsA|fruit
squid|asparagus|AtLocation|on a farm
elephant|deer|HasA|horn or antler
cart|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
girl|boy|CapableOf|bear a child
crocodile|cat|UsedFor|riding
tap|hose|IsA|mostly black in colour
mole|rabbit|HasA|long tail
gown|coat|HasA|two seperate pant legs
skunk|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
hose|tank|IsA|vessel
comb|brush|HasProperty|cutting
skirt|dress|IsA|hospital equipment
bison|gorilla|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
bolts|rocker|IsA|electric 
wife|girlfriend|PartOf|hospital staff
arm|toe|HasA|bones
necklace|thermometer|MadeOf|threads
tap|mixer|PartOf|tire
goat|horse|HasProperty|fluffy
mother|actress|UsedFor|transportation
pipe|strainer|AtLocation|at home
spatula|chisel|CapableOf|writing
salmon|eel|HasA|shell
sack|skirt|HasA|sleeves
pistol|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
gorilla|buffalo|IsA|has horns
bean|sandwich|IsA|liquid
piano|flute|PartOf|strings
apartment|barn|AtLocation|at your home
hose|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
squirrel|raccoon|IsA|otter
sheep|bison|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
finger|fingers|PartOf|pair
sack|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
banana|grapefruit|HasA|big seed
potatoes|sauce|UsedFor|recipes 
man|woman|HasProperty|steel
toaster|stove|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
yacht|canoe|UsedFor|riding on water
cabin|apartment|IsA|component of a home
avocado|grapefruit|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
worm|moth|MadeOf|small animals
woman|nurse|IsA|family member
peach|coconut|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
skunk|mole|HasA|hair/fur
floor|tower|CapableOf|be opened/closed
spoon|ladle|HasA|power supply
drill|pen|PartOf|drawing
screwdriver|paintbrush|IsA|metal
rabbit|cat|CapableOf|jump
arm|forearm|PartOf|lower body
bedroom|cabin|IsA|place to live permanently
barrel|gun|UsedFor|work
screwdriver|knife|CapableOf|be used for drawing
groundhog|beaver|IsA|rodent
worker|nurse|MadeOf|metal
pigeon|duck|IsA|alive 
garlic|broccoli|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
plate|wheel|UsedFor|building
arm|hand|IsA|part of a building
skirt|trousers|IsA|piece of clothing
cougar|bison|MadeOf|a living thing
rocker|microwave|UsedFor|entertainment
thermometer|tray|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
cat|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
trumpet|trombone|IsA|wind instrument
prince|son|IsA|man
harmonica|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
zebra|camel|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
rock|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
plate|cannon|CapableOf|use electricity
lips|brow|HasProperty|above your eyes
turtle|worm|AtLocation|nature
scissors|typewriter|UsedFor|driving screws
cow|deer|UsedFor|riding
cod|octopus|AtLocation|at sea
fawn|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
tray|lamp|IsA|home appliance
butter|potatoes|AtLocation|in the ground
caribou|elephant|HasA|horn
soup|milk|IsA|liquid
car|boat|HasProperty|consuming fuel
beans|lemon|HasProperty|green
pencil|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
deer|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
shirt|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
mole|raccoon|PartOf|herd
magazine|plug|MadeOf|metal/steel
harp|banjo|HasA|keys
grapefruit|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
forearm|finger|AtLocation|in your upper body
wheel|hose|CapableOf|used in war
zebra|chicken|HasA|fins
toilet|door|IsA|electrical appliance
helicopter|jet|AtLocation|on water
woman|nurse|HasProperty|royalty
rope|faucet|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
hyena|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
raft|bike|HasA|an engine
pencil|chisel|PartOf|drawing
rock|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
sparrow|stork|HasA|large wing span
knife|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
bowl|helicopter|IsA| mode of transportation 
trumpet|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
rocker|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
tape|rope|MadeOf|metal/steel
dress|skirt|CapableOf|be worn
toaster|oven|PartOf|kitchen appliance
toaster|microwave|CapableOf|be plugged in
sheep|donkey|HasA| mane (hair on it)
bed|birch|IsA|weapon 
hair|eye|AtLocation|on your head
hare|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
bean|salad|HasProperty|meaty
cow|pony|HasA|fur
uncle|cousin|AtLocation|in a royal family
skirt|scarf|MadeOf|threads
rope|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
worker|actress|HasProperty|steel
nurse|woman|MadeOf|metal
lantern|cigarette|HasProperty|makes light
beaver|hare|HasA|horn
finger|forearm|PartOf|lower body
plum|strawberry|IsA|fruit
rabbit|groundhog|IsA|mammal
bag|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
mirror|necklace|IsA|hospital equipment
scooter|bike|HasA|handle
shoulder|arm|HasProperty|upper body
wasp|cockroach|HasA|walking
sandwich|sugar|IsA|meat
elbow|leg|IsA|limb
bison|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
cherry|garlic|CapableOf|bitter
pen|paintbrush|AtLocation|construction site
doctor|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
bison|rabbit|HasProperty|fluffy
hawk|duck|CapableOf|fly
drill|stick|HasProperty|cutting
toilet|tray|UsedFor|making food
boots|skirt|HasA|sleeves
vulture|kite|IsA|bird of prey
oven|freezer|IsA|electrical appliance
jeans|boots|HasA|sleeves
pliers|razor|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
sauce|meat|MadeOf|several ingredients
caterpillar|wasp|IsA|bug
pistol|gun|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
plug|tap|IsA|related to music 
bison|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
plate|wheel|CapableOf|transport liquids
mink|coyote|CapableOf|hunt other animals
magazine|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
rattlesnake|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
wheel|barrel|HasProperty|circular
mixer|rock|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
comb|brush|UsedFor|hair
wife|cousin|IsA|sibling
eel|catfish|HasA|fins
goat|sheep|HasA|hooves
wheel|drill|CapableOf|used in war
forearm|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
elbow|shoulder|AtLocation|below where a watch is
stork|owl|CapableOf|be a household pet
salmon|perch|IsA|mollusk
donkey|pony|UsedFor|a mode of transport
sack|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
jacket|coat|IsA|worn on the lower body
jacket|shirt|HasProperty|worn by a woman
mixer|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
typewriter|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
sister|wife|AtLocation|in a castle
trumpet|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
pencil|typewriter|MadeOf|only metal
spatula|scissors|UsedFor|writing
mink|coyote|PartOf|herd
rocket|grenade|IsA|firearm
rope|clamp|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
cat|dog|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
mother|woman|MadeOf|metal
foot|knee|HasProperty|upper body
ant|worm|HasProperty|an insect
necklace|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
falcon|hawk|HasA|long beak
rabbit|horse|IsA|carnivore 
strawberry|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
plum|pineapple|UsedFor|smoothie
body|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
wife|father|IsA|female
rope|plate|UsedFor|shooting
paintbrush|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
plate|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
fawn|mink|IsA|herbivore
tank|pistol|HasProperty|made for violence
finger|arm|IsA|plural
cigarette|chandelier|HasProperty|quite small
necklace|scarf|HasProperty|worn on the neck
nurse|boy|MadeOf|metal
candle|cigarette|HasProperty|something to be worn
banana|grapefruit|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
pencil|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
jeans|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
leg|hand|PartOf|house
forearm|wrist|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
raccoon|skunk|CapableOf|be held 
man|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
sugar|sauce|MadeOf|cup
donkey|horse|HasA|fur
coconut|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
screwdriver|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
crocodile|tiger|IsA|an animal
tank|barrel|MadeOf|metal
jacket|pants|UsedFor|feet protection
neck|walls|PartOf|house
rabbit|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
mouth|throat|IsA|part of the body
flea|caterpillar|HasA|walking
blender|dishwasher|HasProperty|electrically powered
trout|crab|HasA|red shell when cooked
barn|building|IsA|religious place
rabbit|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
grapefruit|banana|UsedFor|smoothies
pine|spade|IsA|weapon
cottage|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
paintbrush|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
rock|clamp|IsA|electric 
eel|mackerel|IsA|water animal
banjo|clarinet|CapableOf|be held in hand
squirrel|snail|CapableOf|crawl 
liver|skin|HasA|bones
fridge|radio|UsedFor|keeping things cool
ankle|arm|IsA|part of the skeleton
crayon|pencil|CapableOf|writing
mole|raccoon|IsA|mammal
cockroach|beetle|HasProperty|an insect
elk|zebra|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
fingers|bar|PartOf|room
knife|crayon|CapableOf|to paint
butter|sugar|IsA|colour red
skirt|umbrella|HasProperty|something that is worn
fingers|wrist|PartOf|lower body
hare|raccoon|HasA|hair/fur
oven|rocker|CapableOf|working
plug|fan|IsA|electric 
boots|jeans|PartOf|lower waistline
butterfly|frog|MadeOf|small animals
giraffe|camel|IsA|predator 
mother|boy|IsA|car
typewriter|drill|MadeOf|writing
bolts|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
avocado|pear|IsA|red  or orang
bison|caribou|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
duck|pelican|AtLocation|at a beach
bathroom|ceiling|AtLocation|on the outside of building
pencil|crayon|PartOf|what is your name this
tuba|trumpet|CapableOf|be held in hand
sack|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
crocodile|camel|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
piano|flute|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
chicken|potato|HasProperty|red
cherry|olive|CapableOf|spices
spider|squirrel|CapableOf|crawl 
arm|leg|IsA|organ
radio|rocker|CapableOf|make sound
strawberry|cherry|HasA|edible skin
bedroom|cupboard|MadeOf|wood typically
pepper|broccoli|IsA|fruit
jacket|skirt|UsedFor|warming upper body
sink|colander|UsedFor|transferring liquids
inn|apartment|IsA|religious place
knife|crayon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
plate|hose|UsedFor|harm
neck|wrist|AtLocation|upper body
actress|man|IsA|family member
bathroom|ceiling|UsedFor|decoration
crocodile|elephant|HasA|trunk
snail|cockroach|HasA|walking
bathroom|tower|UsedFor|working with computer
deer|elk|IsA|mammal
lamp|chandelier|IsA|nice smelling object
flea|turtle|AtLocation|nature
elephant|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
strawberry|raspberry|IsA|red  or orang
turtle|moth|IsA|colorful 
kite|vulture|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
rope|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
tower|window|CapableOf|be used home
eel|salmon|HasA|fins
ceiling|roof|AtLocation|above your head
prune|raspberry|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
sled|bike|UsedFor|water
butter|meat|AtLocation|in the ground
rocker|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
caterpillar|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
cockroach|snail|HasA|wings
grenade|cannon|HasA|finger trigger
body|liver|IsA|limb
pear|prune|HasA|(usually) edible skin
dove|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
jet|boat|IsA| mode of transportation 
pigeon|dove|HasA|large wing span
sailboat|boat|UsedFor|water
neck|toe|IsA|plural
sink|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
clarinet|trumpet|HasA|keys
girlfriend|woman|IsA|male
bike|scooter|UsedFor|water
boat|balloon|CapableOf|fly
floor|ceiling|HasProperty|an enclosed space
duck|tomato|CapableOf|eating
arm|forearm|IsA|specific joint
girl|mother|IsA|car
finger|wrist|PartOf|the upper body
apartment|tent|IsA|relatively small
girl|girlfriend|PartOf|hospital staff
building|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
man|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
walls|tower|PartOf|house
crocodile|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
rabbit|donkey|IsA|teeth
shirt|pants|UsedFor|transporting things
lemon|cranberry|IsA|fruit
daughter|princess|IsA|male
sauce|chocolate|AtLocation|in the ground
rope|wheel|IsA|firearm
elk|hare|HasA|hair/fur
window|floor|PartOf|human body
rocker|magazine|UsedFor|music related entertainment
oven|fridge|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
daughter|girlfriend|IsA|car
oven|magazine|UsedFor|keeping things cool
worker|doctor|IsA|car
cousin|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
cranberry|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
skunk|mink|HasA|hooves
skunk|squirrel|HasA|long ears
cherry|pear|HasProperty|sweet
otter|raccoon|IsA|otter
bed|bayonet|HasProperty|alive
hawk|falcon|CapableOf|fly
tiger|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
stick|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
hare|otter|IsA|otter
spider|beetle|HasProperty|typically able to fly
cucumber|orange|IsA|fruit
cupboard|wall|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
parakeet|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
sofa|curtains|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
moth|spider|HasProperty|an insect
crocodile|deer|IsA|something a farmer would own
window|arm|PartOf|house
cougar|giraffe|IsA|predator 
plug|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
plum|avocado|HasA|stone 
freezer|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
nail|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
balloon|jet|CapableOf|fly
plate|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
bison|tiger|HasA| mane (hair on it)
woman|nurse|IsA|car
deck|bar|IsA|body part
fridge|dishwasher|UsedFor|preserving food
skunk|elk|IsA|herbivore
colander|fridge|MadeOf|steel mostly
raft|skateboard|HasA|an engine
donkey|camel|HasProperty|fluffy
rattlesnake|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
trout|cod|IsA|one syllable word
squirrel|skunk|HasA|long ears
rock|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
snail|butterfly|IsA|plant
bike|scooter|HasA|seat
horse|cat|IsA|teeth
rope|bolts|UsedFor|a vehicle
roof|window|PartOf|body
tomato|onions|HasProperty|green
sheep|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
flea|spider|MadeOf|small animals
guitar|piano|IsA|wind instrument
trumpet|bagpipe|IsA|wind instrument
door|bedroom|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
truck|scooter|UsedFor|land suitable one
leg|foot|PartOf|the upper body
rock|fan|IsA|related to music 
stove|microwave|PartOf|kitchen appliance
accordion|harpsichord|HasA|strings
boy|worker|HasA|color
roof|bathroom|AtLocation|at ground level
cigarette|necklace|MadeOf|glass
cart|zebra|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
eel|tuna|IsA|name begging with c
man|girl|IsA|person
buffalo|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
lemon|garlic|CapableOf|bitter
donkey|cow|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
frog|cat|IsA|plant
rabbit|tiger|UsedFor|riding
wheel|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
wrist|arm|AtLocation|below where a watch is
mother|cousin|HasA|blood relation with you
sink|microwave|AtLocation|in the kitchen
raccoon|elk|CapableOf|live in water
pliers|chisel|CapableOf|to paint
pelican|kite|HasA|wings
hose|rocket|UsedFor|harm
beaver|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
trout|crab|AtLocation|at sea
sheep|cow|UsedFor|riding
house|cabin|IsA|component of a home
necklace|candle|IsA|hospital equipment
hand|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
father|boy|IsA|profession
soup|beer|IsA|diary food
bag|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
strawberry|raspberry|UsedFor|smoothie
lantern|tray|UsedFor|wearing
rabbit|potato|AtLocation|in water
shirt|bag|HasA|wheel
camel|bison|HasA|hooves
dress|necklace|MadeOf|threads
bone|skin|AtLocation|on your head
cigarette|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
rock|magazine|CapableOf|working
shoulder|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
yacht|boat|AtLocation|in there
tray|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
throat|brow|IsA|part of the body
gate|building|IsA|religious place
elbow|fingers|AtLocation|in your upper body
screwdriver|pen|MadeOf|writing
inn|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
cousin|doctor|IsA|male
cabin|cottage|HasA|start with a b
orange|cherry|HasProperty|green
toe|ankle|IsA|limb
salad|sandwich|HasProperty|mainly meat
coat|cigarette|IsA|hospital equipment
walls|neck|PartOf|house
wall|curtains|UsedFor|storage
hare|coyote|CapableOf|hunt other animals
yacht|boat|UsedFor|riding on water
banjo|clarinet|HasA|keys
cupboard|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
pony|cat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
lamp|candle|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
magazine|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
wasp|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
stereo|radio|CapableOf|be turned on
paintbrush|crayon|HasProperty|cutting
squirrel|rattlesnake|CapableOf|be found in the water
father|cousin|CapableOf|become pregnant 
squirrel|turtle|HasA| 4 limbs
guitar|piano|CapableOf|be played with mouth
tank|gun|UsedFor|harm
glass|paper|IsA|plant
chisel|screwdriver|MadeOf|writing
mink|deer|CapableOf|be held 
actress|girlfriend|IsA|female (strictly)
blood|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
pants|coat|UsedFor|wearing
actress|woman|MadeOf|metal
coconut|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
room|window|UsedFor|tiling
hair|liver|IsA|limb
ladle|fridge|UsedFor|washing dishes
screws|drill|CapableOf|be used in home
knife|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
gorilla|crocodile|IsA|type of cat
cranberry|pear|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
raspberry|prune|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
tank|rocket|UsedFor|bullets
door|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
scooter|wheel|UsedFor|eating
brother|prince|IsA|direct relation
chapel|house|HasA|own altar
bed|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tiger|cheetah|IsA|herbivore
ship|boat|HasA|the ability to fly
blender|door|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
robe|cloak|UsedFor|protection
dog|goat|CapableOf|be domesticated
shoulder|hand|PartOf|lower body
house|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
walls|room|HasProperty|enclosed
garlic|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
actress|cousin|IsA|sibling
cougar|camel|IsA|has horns
knee|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
orange|olive|CapableOf|delicious
chocolate|potatoes|UsedFor|recipes 
beaver|squirrel|AtLocation|carnivorous
plastic|wood|IsA|fragile
stereo|radio|UsedFor|entertainment
harmonica|trombone|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
tray|tank|PartOf|any of various units of 
alligator|hare|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
prune|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
forearm|knee|IsA|plural
cabin|house|AtLocation|at your home
buggy|tank|HasProperty|consuming fuel
sack|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
coat|jeans|UsedFor|transporting things
ceiling|room|AtLocation|on the outside of building
tank|car|UsedFor|delivering parcels
sheep|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
typewriter|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
starling|stork|CapableOf|be a household pet
dishwasher|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
jeep|bike|AtLocation|in there
toe|leg|IsA|limb
steak|bacon|HasProperty|meaty
frog|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
camel|giraffe|AtLocation|in africa
chandelier|mirror|CapableOf|move
horse|cart|AtLocation|in africa
bucket|pot|CapableOf|be held to drink
squirrel|mole|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
curtains|wall|UsedFor|storage
eye|neck|AtLocation|below your waist
pliers|drill|UsedFor|crafts
stereo|faucet|UsedFor|can your card used home
elk|caribou|IsA|violent creature
toe|leg|AtLocation|bottom half of body
plate|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
tray|clock|CapableOf|be worn
beans|olive|HasA|seeds
scissors|pen|PartOf|what is the name of 
tower|walls|CapableOf|be used home
sink|toaster|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
buffalo|deer|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
trombone|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
hyena|ox|AtLocation|in hot climates 
trumpet|clarinet|UsedFor|sound
hose|screws|CapableOf|use electricity
finger|neck|PartOf|lower body
nail|neck|AtLocation|on your head
buggy|boat|HasA|wheels
canoe|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
cannon|grenade|UsedFor|harm
truck|jeep|AtLocation|in there
chandelier|lantern|MadeOf|glass
shoulder|finger|PartOf|the upper body
worm|frog|MadeOf|small animals
jacket|pants|IsA|typically female clothing item
eel|mackerel|IsA|fish
piano|trombone|MadeOf|wood
frog|squirrel|CapableOf|jump
actress|princess|IsA|male
cockroach|turtle|CapableOf|crawl 
wife|father|IsA|family member
cow|rabbit|HasA| mane (hair on it)
pot|mug|MadeOf|metal
lantern|cigarette|CapableOf|give off light/glow
tower|bathroom|PartOf|building
beaver|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
meal|salad|HasProperty|mainly meat
camel|giraffe|HasA|horn
muscle|bone|AtLocation|on head
rattlesnake|groundhog|HasA|horn
fawn|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
neck|arm|AtLocation|in your upper body
toe|body|AtLocation|on the inside
kettle|fridge|IsA|appliance
pencil|typewriter|PartOf|what is the name of 
mixer|faucet|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
church|inn|IsA|place to live permanently
barrel|screws|IsA|firearm
raccoon|porcupine|CapableOf|attack human
aunt|girlfriend|HasProperty|royalty
hose|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
inn|cabin|HasProperty|for the rich
skis|canoe|CapableOf|roll
shrimp|lobster|HasA|shell
wheel|hose|UsedFor|harm
kite|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
elbow|arm|IsA|plural
faucet|tap|CapableOf|work without electricity
fridge|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
bolts|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
cannon|grenade|HasA|finger trigger
cousin|uncle|IsA|family member
snail|turtle|IsA|plant
scissors|paintbrush|UsedFor|driving screws
leg|ankle|IsA|organ
skateboard|wheel|AtLocation|in there
boy|man|CapableOf|become pregnant 
banjo|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
gate|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
raspberry|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
worm|butterfly|CapableOf|fly
vulture|kite|PartOf|wild life
bone|blood|AtLocation|on your head
barrel|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
yacht|bike|AtLocation|in there
liver|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
clarinet|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
cousin|father|IsA|male
ant|beetle|HasA|walking
bolts|pistol|CapableOf|be used in home
toe|leg|AtLocation|on head
elbow|wrist|MadeOf|a whole body part
deer|elk|UsedFor|pulling santa's sleigh
cannon|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
ankle|foot|AtLocation|upper body
drill|pipe|CapableOf|be held in hands
tray|bottle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
dishwasher|blender|UsedFor|cooking food
tower|floor|PartOf|body
goat|rabbit|IsA|food
cottage|cabin|HasA|start with a b
stove|freezer|PartOf|kitchen appliance
fan|fridge|UsedFor|entertainment
faucet|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
fingers|forearm|MadeOf|upper body parts
squirrel|mink|IsA|rodent
beans|onions|HasProperty|bigger than a fist
tower|bathroom|UsedFor|tiling
squid|crab|HasA|fins
squirrel|raccoon|MadeOf|green
oven|fan|CapableOf|working
shrimp|crab|AtLocation|at sea
pineapple|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
elbow|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
boy|woman|IsA|head
bedroom|door|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
shoulder|elbow|HasProperty|something humans have two of
scissors|pliers|AtLocation|in a toolbox
necklace|clock|IsA|item of clothing
coyote|mole|HasA|hair/fur
coconut|lime|MadeOf|juice making
neck|body|IsA|on the lower half 
boy|nurse|HasA|color
chandelier|pants|IsA|hospital equipment
oven|blender|IsA|electrical appliance
vulture|falcon|AtLocation|at a beach
soup|salad|IsA|diary food
rattlesnake|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
sparrow|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
pipe|strainer|MadeOf|metal
lantern|cigarette|CapableOf|move
skunk|beaver|AtLocation|carnivorous
fan|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
boat|skateboard|HasA|wheels
pencil|pen|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
hyena|cougar|UsedFor|travel
buffalo|camel|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
stick|crayon|MadeOf|writing
mink|groundhog|HasA|long ears
lamp|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
bison|goat|HasA|fur
bagpipe|guitar|CapableOf|be held in hand
typewriter|stick|HasA|sharp edge
asparagus|octopus|AtLocation|on a farm
banana|cherry|HasA|big seed
blouse|gown|IsA|worn on the lower body
groundhog|elk|CapableOf|live in water
coyote|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
cat|ant|PartOf|water
bacon|steak|HasProperty|meaty
saucer|helicopter|CapableOf|float 
owl|seagull|HasA|large wing span
cupboard|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
squirrel|raccoon|HasA|long tail
shrimp|asparagus|IsA|black and white
prince|brother|IsA|female
boat|helicopter|CapableOf|fly
tray|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
screwdriver|comb|CapableOf|to paint
caribou|elk|MadeOf|a living thing
gate|house|IsA|public building (typically)
aunt|actress|HasProperty|exclusively female
brush|comb|IsA|construction tool
alligator|raccoon|HasA|horn
thigh|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
hut|cottage|IsA|relatively small
beetle|snail|HasProperty|typically able to fly
goat|lamb|CapableOf|eating
guitar|trombone|IsA|instrument
skunk|groundhog|HasA|horn
ant|spider|MadeOf|small animals
sauce|potatoes|IsA|diary food
milk|meat|CapableOf|fry
jeans|trousers|IsA|worn on the lower body
horse|rabbit|HasProperty|fluffy
pipe|rifle|CapableOf|be used in home
son|cousin|IsA|family
nurse|actress|IsA|noun
shoulder|fingers|MadeOf|upper body parts
fan|faucet|MadeOf|metal
oven|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
pipe|hose|UsedFor|harm
skunk|mink|IsA|bottle
turtle|frog|CapableOf|crawl 
goat|duck|IsA|meat or animal
groundhog|hare|HasA|hooves
tank|grenade|HasA|wheels
curtains|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
owl|kite|HasA|large wing span
banana|plum|IsA|physical fruit or veg
carpet|bed|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
donkey|horse|HasA|paws
potatoes|sugar|IsA|liquid
corn|celery|UsedFor|cleaning
moth|rattlesnake|IsA|colorful 
helicopter|balloon|HasA|the ability to fly
flea|squirrel|CapableOf|walk fast
hare|skunk|HasA|horn
plug|fan|HasProperty|round shaped
kidney|leg|AtLocation|on your head
blood|toe|IsA|organ
barrel|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pencil|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for hair
paintbrush|spatula|IsA|construction tool
faucet|magazine|IsA|related to music 
cherry|prune|HasA|edible skin (usually)
beetle|worm|HasA|wings
leg|arm|UsedFor|a fight
wheel|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
screwdriver|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
girl|princess|HasProperty|female
mother|boy|IsA|head
bacon|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
vulture|owl|HasProperty|a predator
rabbit|camel|HasProperty|fluffy
boots|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
mole|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
father|son|IsA|family member
tuba|saxophone|CapableOf|be held in hand
drill|typewriter|HasA|sharp edge
cousin|uncle|HasProperty|a family member
beer|wine|IsA|diary food
crayon|pencil|UsedFor|writing
lamb|duck|HasProperty|red
salad|sandwich|IsA|meat
skirt|socks|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
lobster|zebra|IsA|mollusk
strawberry|banana|HasA|stone 
goat|deer|HasA|horn on head
skunk|mink|AtLocation|underground
hyena|crocodile|PartOf|the cat family
tap|mixer|MadeOf|metal
elbow|arm|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
sheep|cow|IsA|carnivore 
camel|sheep|CapableOf|be domesticated
barrel|screws|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
crocodile|tiger|HasProperty|eat meat
rifle|barrel|CapableOf|be used in home
stick|pliers|HasA|sharp edge
bison|elephant|MadeOf|a living thing
sister|aunt|AtLocation|in a castle
scissors|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
hose|rope|UsedFor|shooting
princess|wife|HasProperty|older than you
alligator|squirrel|HasA|four feet
pencil|spatula|HasProperty|cutting
tap|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
sparrow|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
butterfly|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
mink|skunk|CapableOf|climb trees
squid|cod|HasA|shell
lime|avocado|IsA|fruit
arm|toe|AtLocation|inside
mole|groundhog|IsA|herbivore
magazine|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
skis|car|AtLocation|in there
spider|mouse|IsA|common pet
jeep|sled|UsedFor|water
ankle|neck|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
rocker|oven|CapableOf|working
bridge|barn|IsA|permanent structure
buggy|jeep|HasA|an engine
porcupine|groundhog|CapableOf|hunt other animals
roof|window|IsA|part of a building
spoon|sink|HasProperty|electrically powered
mother|father|HasA|blood relationship with you
tractor|truck|HasA|an engine
sailboat|raft|AtLocation|on a mountain
microwave|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
trumpet|trombone|HasA|keyboard
arm|toe|IsA|joint
hair|body|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
groundhog|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
sheep|camel|IsA|teeth
elk|coyote|AtLocation|carnivorous
window|bathroom|HasA|glass
scissors|crayon|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
iguana|elephant|IsA|amphibian
mother|aunt|IsA|male
chisel|knife|UsedFor|grooming
spoon|sink|IsA|electric powered item
pants|coat|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
gun|screws|UsedFor|shooting
flute|clarinet|IsA|brass instrument
goat|potato|HasProperty|red
guitar|violin|IsA|wind instrument
gown|blouse|HasA|sleeves
tent|cottage|HasProperty|for the rich
pear|plum|PartOf|a red the color of
airplane|boat|CapableOf|transport ships
mixer|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
bottle|spoon|MadeOf|metal
leg|arm|PartOf|body
mole|fawn|HasA|hair/fur
rock|tap|IsA|digital device
raspberry|pear|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
jeep|skateboard|AtLocation|in there
perch|catfish|IsA|water animal
caterpillar|worm|HasA|walking
worker|mother|IsA|occupation
screws|bolts|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
tiger|bison|IsA|carnivore 
flea|snail|IsA|insect
dress|skirt|IsA|hospital equipment
birch|bed|IsA|weapon
bolts|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
daughter|aunt|HasA|a blood relation with you
bed|carpet|UsedFor|sleep
room|window|UsedFor|decoration
grapefruit|plum|PartOf|citrus tree bearing large round
kidney|toe|AtLocation|on your head
scissors|drill|MadeOf|writing
duck|onions|MadeOf|something edible
bolts|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
tuba|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
potatoes|sandwich|IsA|meat
olive|coconut|CapableOf|delicious
father|king|IsA|direct relation with you
woman|princess|HasA|blood relation with you
cod|tuna|HasA|legs/tentacles 
trombone|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
worker|father|HasProperty|male
deer|bison|IsA|has horns
knife|brush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
rock|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
gown|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
rabbit|mink|CapableOf|live in water
roof|hand|PartOf|room
sailboat|raft|HasA|engine
cat|worm|CapableOf|crawl 
tape|rope|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
drill|razor|PartOf|drawing
drill|cannon|CapableOf|transport liquids
lime|olive|HasA|eatable shell or peel
caterpillar|butterfly|IsA|plant
willow|pine|IsA|weapon
bungalow|bedroom|MadeOf|one or more rooms
octopus|shrimp|HasA|fins
ceiling|bathroom|PartOf|room
duck|pelican|HasA|wings
sink|ladle|CapableOf|make things cold
cow|elephant|CapableOf|jump
cherry|peach|HasA|single hard pit
spider|worm|CapableOf|fly 
bone|eye|AtLocation|inside
pistol|rifle|CapableOf|be used one-handed
sandwich|butter|IsA|meat
mink|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
onions|corn|IsA|green vegetable 
body|arm|HasA|bones
mother|wife|IsA|female
skirt|dress|AtLocation|on neck
kite|duck|HasProperty|a predator
cupboard|kettle|AtLocation|in the kitchen
magazine|clamp|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
horse|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
catfish|tuna|HasA|fins
corn|eggplant|UsedFor|cleaning
hair|body|AtLocation|below your waist
rock|bolts|IsA|digital device
dress|trousers|UsedFor|warming upper body
rope|pipe|UsedFor|harm
grenade|gun|CapableOf|be held in a hand
hand|finger|PartOf|the upper body
elephant|bison|CapableOf|hunt for prey
salmon|squid|HasA|shell
pen|paintbrush|HasA|wax
skin|eye|AtLocation|below the knee
building|bed|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
freezer|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
moth|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
room|tower|PartOf|building
stove|fridge|UsedFor|cooking food
shirt|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
finger|mouth|IsA|part of the body
ant|worm|IsA|insect
butter|milk|CapableOf|fry
house|cabin|IsA|religious place
lobster|octopus|HasA|fins
piano|guitar|CapableOf|be played with mouth
typewriter|knife|CapableOf|print
neck|arm|HasProperty|plural
pear|cranberry|HasA|stone 
falcon|hawk|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
vulture|kite|HasA|large wingspan
muscle|liver|IsA|limb
crab|asparagus|IsA|fish
soup|bean|HasA|vegetable(s)
neck|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
cupboard|curtains|AtLocation|on a house blueprint
coyote|hare|HasA|horn
fingers|hand|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
hose|fan|MadeOf|metal
tuba|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
skirt|jacket|UsedFor|feet
chandelier|lantern|CapableOf|be set alight with match
squirrel|hare|HasProperty|living in water
octopus|chicken|HasA|legs
neck|finger|UsedFor|waving
wrist|finger|AtLocation|in your upper body
orange|lemon|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
stove|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
pistol|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
floor|tower|PartOf|building
fan|microwave|MadeOf|steel
skirt|jeans|CapableOf|keep legs warm
olive|cherry|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
turtle|worm|HasA|walking
cockroach|snail|CapableOf|walk fast
wheel|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
flute|piano|IsA|instrument
salmon|catfish|HasA|legs/tentacles 
salad|sandwich|HasA|meat
tap|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
rabbit|pony|HasA| mane (hair on it)
screwdriver|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
plug|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
coconut|olive|HasA|eatable shell or peel
butter|soup|HasProperty|a liquid
caribou|ox|MadeOf|a living thing
walls|roof|MadeOf|wood
camel|goat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
squirrel|rabbit|CapableOf|jump
razor|pliers|UsedFor|crafts
crocodile|camel|IsA|object
dress|pants|IsA|piece of clothing
drill|pencil|CapableOf|to paint
rocket|hose|CapableOf|be held in hands
brush|screwdriver|CapableOf|print
house|church|AtLocation|at your home
coat|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
pistol|tank|MadeOf|wood (partially)
hawk|pelican|IsA|sea bird
chandelier|lamp|HasProperty|makes light
bungalow|building|IsA|permanent structure
sofa|carpet|CapableOf|be sat on
elk|hare|IsA|predator
crayon|brush|UsedFor|cutting
skin|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
eel|catfish|HasA|shell
paintbrush|typewriter|UsedFor|driving screws
brush|spatula|CapableOf|writing
elbow|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
nurse|mother|IsA|head
falcon|eagle|HasProperty|domesticated
deck|ceiling|PartOf|building
necklace|scarf|UsedFor|wearing
saxophone|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
rock|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
cabin|cottage|IsA|red home
crocodile|zebra|AtLocation|in africa
bison|elephant|CapableOf|hunt for prey
church|cabin|HasProperty|a black and white picture
beetle|flea|CapableOf|crawl 
groundhog|squirrel|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
thigh|ankle|HasProperty|lower body
princess|aunt|IsA|profession
pipe|strainer|PartOf|someone who guards prisoners
pants|socks|HasA|sleeves
cabin|hut|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
fawn|hare|IsA|predator
nurse|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
car|truck|AtLocation|in water
ox|cougar|UsedFor|crossing deserts
gate|barn|IsA|religious place
flea|caterpillar|CapableOf|crawl 
salmon|mackerel|IsA|one syllable word
sofa|bed|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
starling|sparrow|CapableOf|be a household pet
wasp|moth|CapableOf|flying
pen|pencil|UsedFor|brushing
magazine|wheel|CapableOf|be turned on
arm|hand|PartOf|building
brow|nose|PartOf|makeup regimen
ankle|body|AtLocation|on head
princess|actress|IsA|car
wife|mother|HasA|baby on it 
sheep|deer|AtLocation|pet store
plug|tape|IsA|mostly black in colour
raft|canoe|HasProperty|usually a large size
mole|elk|HasProperty|living in water
inn|barn|IsA|permanent structure
elbow|shoulder|IsA|limb
bison|cat|HasA| mane (hair on it)
deer|frog|UsedFor|human transport
cousin|mother|HasA|child
clarinet|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
son|uncle|IsA|male
walls|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head in general
skirt|robe|UsedFor|protection
pigeon|pelican|IsA|bird of prey
squirrel|hare|MadeOf|green
peach|raspberry|HasA|edible skin
colander|ladle|IsA|appliance
brow|nose|UsedFor|eating
raspberry|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
jeans|shoes|UsedFor|feet protection
eggplant|corn|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
garlic|cherry|HasA|eatable shell or peel
fingers|arm|PartOf|lower body
rock|clamp|MadeOf|paper
cigarette|necklace|IsA|home appliance
beetle|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
typewriter|brush|PartOf|drawing
chisel|paintbrush|MadeOf|writing
eel|trout|HasA|legs/tentacles 
rattlesnake|snail|PartOf|water
bagpipe|guitar|MadeOf|strings
saxophone|banjo|MadeOf|metal
rabbit|tomato|HasProperty|red
hare|mink|HasA|horn
pear|raspberry|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
rocker|oven|MadeOf|maybe
fan|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
fridge|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
sheep|deer|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
nurse|boy|IsA|person
beaver|porcupine|HasA|horn
brush|paintbrush|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mackerel|tuna|HasA|fins
tap|wheel|UsedFor|entertainment
camel|sheep|IsA|teeth
hare|coyote|CapableOf|climb trees
skunk|hare|IsA|sad
raccoon|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
daughter|cousin|IsA|male
wheel|rope|AtLocation|kitchen
wall|door|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
lemon|banana|UsedFor|smoothie
screws|plate|CapableOf|destroy a building
crayon|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
bedroom|chapel|HasProperty|used for temporary accommodation
prune|coconut|UsedFor|smoothie
rock|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
flea|cockroach|HasProperty|an insect
hose|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
drill|bolts|CapableOf|hold water
cat|frog|IsA|household pet
drill|pencil|AtLocation|construction site
grapefruit|plum|IsA|long fruit
socks|skirt|AtLocation|on lower body
spider|cat|HasA|walking
elbow|liver|AtLocation|on head
mixer|magazine|UsedFor|music related entertainment
leg|thigh|HasProperty|a large part
bed|bedroom|UsedFor|lighting
ant|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
flute|harp|CapableOf|be held in hand
cat|frog|HasA|eating
girl|girlfriend|CapableOf|become pregnant 
hose|tape|UsedFor|entertainment
ant|squirrel|IsA|plant
typewriter|pen|MadeOf|writing
pants|sack|UsedFor|transporting things
daughter|actress|HasProperty|two syllables
gown|shirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
tower|bar|UsedFor|working with computer
elk|camel|UsedFor|travel
wheelbarrow|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
mother|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
barrel|cannon|CapableOf|use electricity
deer|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
floor|ceiling|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
bagpipe|harmonica|CapableOf|be held in hand
socks|trousers|HasA|sleeves
scissors|knife|PartOf|drawing
dishwasher|sink|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tank|wheel|AtLocation|in water
toilet|stove|AtLocation|in the kitchen
eye|liver|AtLocation|inside
skunk|coyote|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
prince|king|IsA|title
mug|pot|MadeOf|metal
hand|finger|MadeOf|upper body parts
paintbrush|crayon|CapableOf|print
foot|toe|AtLocation|below your waist
shoes|boots|IsA|piece of clothing
harpsichord|flute|UsedFor|sound
crayon|scissors|PartOf|what is the name of 
toe|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
trout|lobster|HasA|red shell when cooked
pear|avocado|HasProperty|sweet
ceiling|walls|PartOf|building
wheel|fan|CapableOf|make sound
beetle|snail|HasProperty|an insect
barrel|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
scarf|chandelier|CapableOf|move
caterpillar|worm|HasProperty|typically able to fly
father|son|IsA|female
hose|clamp|PartOf|tire
oven|fan|MadeOf|maybe
porcupine|mink|CapableOf|hunt other animals
hose|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
coat|clock|HasProperty|worn on the neck
beetle|butterfly|IsA|bug
lamb|goat|HasA|wings
wine|chocolate|IsA|diary food
harp|harpsichord|HasA|keys
fawn|deer|IsA|herbivore
blouse|umbrella|IsA|white object
lips|finger|UsedFor|eating
shotgun|gun|UsedFor|work
princess|actress|IsA|occupation
perch|trout|HasA|red shell when cooked
plum|pear|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
raspberry|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
drill|rope|HasA|number on it
pliers|crayon|PartOf|drawing
cousin|father|HasProperty|a blood relative
avocado|banana|HasA|(usually) edible skin
pliers|knife|CapableOf|be used for drawing
prune|plum|HasA|yellow color
tuba|trumpet|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
blood|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
zebra|horse|HasA|tail
horse|camel|IsA|an animal
crocodile|elk|IsA|type of big cat
soup|liquor|IsA|liquid
toilet|oven|AtLocation|in the kitchen
caterpillar|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
forearm|shoulder|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
cheetah|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
bridge|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
scarf|lamp|UsedFor|lighting
camel|bison|HasProperty|fluffy
owl|hawk|HasProperty|a predator
pants|dress|IsA|piece of clothing
raccoon|fawn|IsA|predator
tank|rifle|CapableOf|used in war
deer|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
zebra|elephant|IsA|object
snail|cat|IsA|plant
cart|horse|HasA|trunk
jacket|shirt|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
tower|neck|PartOf|room
vulture|pelican|HasA|start with a p
jacket|cloak|UsedFor|protection
ox|bison|HasA|thick body
crab|squid|HasA|legs/tentacles 
kettle|dishwasher|IsA|electrical appliance
orange|coconut|UsedFor|testy
paintbrush|screwdriver|MadeOf|only metal
beaver|mink|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
man|girl|HasA|the color brown in it
cousin|aunt|HasA|blood relation with you
alligator|coyote|IsA|predator
yacht|jeep|UsedFor|eating
zebra|tiger|HasA|stripes
cousin|mother|PartOf|hospital staff
ox|camel|MadeOf|a living thing
crab|catfish|AtLocation|at sea
raspberry|peach|HasProperty|yellow
dress|coat|HasProperty|a long clothing item
orange|plum|HasA|edible skin
shoulder|hand|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
salad|bacon|MadeOf|meat
tuna|eel|HasA|legs
rocket|tank|UsedFor|storage
porcupine|squirrel|HasA|hooves
freezer|tray|AtLocation|in the kitchen
squirrel|cat|IsA|plant
milk|liquor|UsedFor|drinking
lantern|chandelier|CapableOf|generate light
tap|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
asparagus|squid|HasA|fins
pony|donkey|HasA|fur
milk|salad|UsedFor|dessert
princess|cousin|IsA|direct or immediate relation
tomato|lamb|HasProperty|red
camel|giraffe|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
thigh|foot|IsA|joint
worker|man|IsA|person
bison|rabbit|UsedFor|human transport
tiger|zebra|HasA|trunk
deck|ceiling|IsA|part of a building
mink|skunk|MadeOf|animals or plants
tiger|caribou|IsA|predator 
man|nurse|HasA|friends on it
skin|kidney|HasA|bones
bed|inn|IsA|permanent structure
wheel|tape|IsA|related to music 
chisel|pen|PartOf|drawing
skirt|jacket|UsedFor|protection
skirt|trousers|UsedFor|feet protection
leg|elbow|IsA|part of the skeleton
finger|wrist|PartOf|lower body
meal|salad|HasA|vegetables
elephant|rattlesnake|CapableOf|be found in the water
trousers|skirt|AtLocation|above the feet
carpet|door|CapableOf|contain items
bed|hut|IsA|religious place
woman|man|IsA|person
pliers|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
groundhog|deer|IsA|herbivore
mouse|squirrel|CapableOf|kill a human
sailboat|sled|UsedFor|riding on water
neck|elbow|PartOf|the upper body
hose|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
frog|camel|CapableOf|be domesticated
ankle|knees|PartOf|lower body
bolts|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
nail|skin|PartOf|the images displayed
fan|plug|UsedFor|electronic uses
wheel|screws|UsedFor|daily usage 
pony|goat|HasProperty|fluffy
cougar|camel|HasA|antler
king|prince|IsA|man
cucumber|beans|IsA|fruit
finger|elbow|MadeOf|upper body parts
grapefruit|cherry|IsA|long fruit
wheel|tank|IsA|firearm
elbow|wrist|PartOf|upper body
peach|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
sparrow|owl|HasA|large wingspan
pencil|brush|UsedFor|driving screws
turtle|frog|HasA|walking
uncle|brother|IsA|female
buzzard|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
tape|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
plug|stereo|UsedFor|water
liquor|whisky|UsedFor|drinking
knife|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
steak|supper|HasA|vegetables
worm|cat|CapableOf|walk fast
orange|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
moth|wasp|IsA|plant
drill|comb|HasProperty|cutting
hand|arm|HasProperty|related with hand
hose|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
boat|yacht|UsedFor|water
wheel|screws|CapableOf|hold water
raccoon|porcupine|CapableOf|hunt other animals
knees|ankle|HasProperty|has five toes
rabbit|mole|HasProperty|living in water
girl|mother|HasA|pay check
horse|camel|HasA|long neck
camel|donkey|IsA|typical pet
bone|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
skunk|mole|CapableOf|running fast
lemon|orange|HasA|seeds
cupboard|sofa|UsedFor|lighting
bison|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
sink|colander|HasProperty|electrically powered
fan|hose|MadeOf|metal/steel
dishwasher|blender|IsA|electrical appliance
milk|chocolate|AtLocation|in the ground
tape|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
turtle|frog|HasProperty|four-legged
tank|skis|HasA|wheels
elephant|turtle|HasA|trunk
skunk|squirrel|CapableOf|climb trees
coconut|banana|HasA|usually inedible skin
knees|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
grapefruit|avocado|PartOf|a pear-shaped tropical fruit
neck|arm|IsA|part of the skeleton
plum|grapefruit|UsedFor|a famous toast combination
starling|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
tuna|salmon|IsA|one syllable word
kite|hawk|HasA|start with a p
catfish|salmon|IsA|one syllable word
perch|tuna|HasA|fins
daughter|princess|IsA|profession
cupboard|door|UsedFor|keeping privacy 
scissors|chisel|HasProperty|cutting
frog|squirrel|PartOf|jumping
tank|buggy|AtLocation|in there
pony|cat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
horse|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
drill|pliers|PartOf|drawing
wrist|shoulder|IsA|joint
prince|cousin|IsA|direct relation with you
tuna|cod|HasA|red shell when cooked
fingers|shoulder|MadeOf|a whole body part
mirror|tray|IsA|home appliance
screws|plate|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
spoon|ladle|HasProperty|consuming electricity
wheel|screws|IsA|firearm
skunk|raccoon|HasA|long tail
scissors|pliers|HasProperty|cutting
rabbit|skunk|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
raspberry|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
freezer|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
boat|tank|UsedFor|delivering parcels
chicken|rabbit|IsA|animal
rattlesnake|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
bedroom|bed|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
tent|bed|IsA|religious place
razor|scissors|PartOf|drawing
cottage|cabin|MadeOf|one or more rooms
rock|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
freezer|cupboard|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
chisel|stick|CapableOf|print
spatula|knife|UsedFor|writing
typewriter|stick|AtLocation|in a toolbox
typewriter|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
hand|neck|PartOf|lower body
rope|tape|UsedFor|water
hose|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
radio|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
coconut|cherry|CapableOf|bitter
toe|foot|CapableOf|help you walk
aunt|girl|CapableOf|become pregnant 
raccoon|mole|HasA|long ears
aunt|mother|IsA|male
comb|drill|PartOf|drawing
trombone|harmonica|HasA|keys
man|worker|HasProperty|a female
rope|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
moth|beetle|HasProperty|an insect
bowl|airplane|AtLocation|on water
bar|walls|IsA|part of a building
spider|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
truck|boat|UsedFor|eating
lamp|lantern|MadeOf|/contain glass
sandwich|soup|HasA|vegetables
roof|walls|PartOf|building
squid|lobster|AtLocation|on a farm
knife|drill|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
gun|grenade|CapableOf|be held in hands
rope|magazine|IsA|digital device
cheese|coconut|PartOf|eating
bison|sheep|HasA|hooves
sack|jacket|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
tiger|cart|HasA|trunk
radio|wheel|MadeOf|metal
pistol|cannon|CapableOf|be used one-handed
hose|faucet|IsA|electronic device
horse|crocodile|HasA|fur
skunk|rabbit|IsA|mink
boat|jet|CapableOf|be found on water
sauce|potatoes|UsedFor|recipes 
cupboard|closet|UsedFor|making food
window|room|AtLocation|on the outside of building
lemon|grapefruit|UsedFor|smoothie
dishwasher|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
skunk|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
skis|buggy|HasA|wheels
grenade|gun|HasA|trigger
radio|rocker|MadeOf|maybe
tray|sink|CapableOf|can you sit on it
building|inn|HasProperty|for the rich
fan|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
son|brother|IsA|family
typewriter|screwdriver|UsedFor|crafts
hose|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
radio|tape|IsA|digital device
perch|asparagus|AtLocation|on a farm
stick|chisel|PartOf|drawing
donkey|pony|HasA| mane (hair on it)
bar|window|PartOf|building
fridge|freezer|PartOf|kitchen appliance
skin|kidney|IsA|limb
neck|throat|HasProperty|more than one for people
toe|blood|IsA|organ
bayonet|spade|HasProperty|alive
crab|perch|HasA|red shell when cooked
pigeon|kite|CapableOf|attack others
grenade|pistol|IsA|hand-held weapon
ladle|sink|HasA|electrical parts
buggy|sailboat|AtLocation|in there
cherry|orange|HasProperty|sweet
robe|skirt|HasProperty|something that can be worn
girl|boy|HasA|friends on it
worm|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
rope|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
turtle|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
house|bridge|IsA|permanent structure
comb|scissors|MadeOf|writing
helicopter|balloon|AtLocation|on water
guitar|saxophone|MadeOf|metal
ankle|shoulder|PartOf|an appendage
lantern|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
apartment|tent|HasProperty|a black and white picture
harmonica|trombone|CapableOf|be held in hand
horse|sheep|HasA|hooves
neck|wrist|HasProperty|upper body
duck|chicken|IsA|food
sink|toilet|CapableOf|be plumbed in
paintbrush|scissors|HasProperty|cutting
perch|lobster|HasA|red shell when cooked
blood|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
bolts|tape|MadeOf|paper
cockroach|beetle|HasA|walking
plate|barrel|CapableOf|destroy a building
cabin|gate|IsA|relatively small
roof|ceiling|AtLocation|above your head in general
tractor|truck|UsedFor|traveling over rough terrain
wasp|spider|CapableOf|flying
window|bar|PartOf|house
cabin|hut|IsA|permanent structure
stick|chisel|CapableOf|writing
cabin|apartment|IsA|relatively small
girlfriend|woman|IsA|car
rocket|tank|HasProperty|tiger
avocado|pineapple|HasProperty|yellow
dishwasher|freezer|UsedFor|cooking food
screwdriver|scissors|PartOf|drawing
banana|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
cherry|garlic|HasA|eatable shell or peel
worm|beetle|HasProperty|typically able to fly
screwdriver|scissors|CapableOf|writing
tap|wheel|IsA|related to music 
skis|bike|HasA|an engine
pigeon|eagle|HasA|wings
microwave|door|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
squirrel|rabbit|HasProperty|4 letters long
car|yacht|UsedFor|delivering parcels
pony|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
faucet|rocker|IsA|digital device
scooter|yacht|HasA|wheels
bungalow|bedroom|PartOf|set of furniture
saxophone|tuba|IsA|wind instrument
toaster|kettle|UsedFor|heating items up
meal|steak|HasProperty|meaty
tape|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
moth|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
stork|owl|HasA|large wing span
shrimp|zebra|HasA|fins
prune|lemon|IsA|fruit
prince|king|IsA|man
magazine|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
orange|cherry|UsedFor|smoothie
tap|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
door|cupboard|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
milk|butter|UsedFor|desserts
asparagus|perch|IsA|fish
man|boy|UsedFor|food
celery|broccoli|IsA|green vegetable 
boy|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
saxophone|tuba|IsA|brass instrument
kettle|spoon|HasA|handle
arm|walls|PartOf|house
chisel|drill|HasProperty|cutting
raspberry|coconut|IsA|fruit
elephant|deer|HasProperty|eating meat mainly
pigeon|kite|HasA|start with a p
dress|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
dress|skirt|UsedFor|wearing
rattlesnake|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
boat|ship|CapableOf|float 
knife|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
microwave|fan|CapableOf|be use for transportation
eel|tuna|HasA|red shell when cooked
neck|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
birch|pine|IsA|man made item
hare|skunk|CapableOf|hunt other animals
elk|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
razor|chisel|CapableOf|writing
banana|avocado|HasA|peel
daughter|son|IsA|royalty
sofa|carpet|CapableOf|contain items
buffalo|zebra|IsA|predator 
clarinet|cello|CapableOf|be held in hand
skirt|blouse|AtLocation|on neck
elk|alligator|AtLocation|carnivorous
cabin|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
orange|cherry|CapableOf|bitter
boat|raft|HasProperty|usually a large size
knee|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
tape|plug|AtLocation|kitchen
spider|beetle|CapableOf|crawl 
floor|roof|CapableOf|let in air
rifle|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
floor|tower|PartOf|body
raft|wheel|UsedFor|eating
lobster|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
squirrel|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
mouse|spider|PartOf|jumping
gorilla|camel|HasA|horn
hose|plug|MadeOf|metal
bolts|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
trumpet|accordion|HasA|keys
stick|comb|CapableOf|print
camel|elk|IsA|predator 
chicken|zebra|HasA|red shell when cooked
pear|raspberry|PartOf|a red the color of
lantern|mirror|HasProperty|something to be worn
cherry|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
deer|groundhog|IsA|predator
eye|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
bolts|drill|CapableOf|used in war
piano|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
trombone|guitar|HasA|keys
wheelbarrow|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
rock|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
blouse|coat|UsedFor|wearing
brother|father|IsA|title
rocker|fan|IsA|digital device
crocodile|elephant|IsA|object
leopard|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
onions|beans|HasA|any green on it 
avocado|broccoli|HasProperty|green
bison|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
chisel|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bagpipe|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
princess|nurse|HasA|a blood relation with you
buggy|car|UsedFor|war
toilet|fridge|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tray|pipe|CapableOf|destroy a building
rock|rope|MadeOf|paper
squirrel|raccoon|CapableOf|running fast
blouse|dress|AtLocation|on your upper torso
worker|nurse|IsA|female (strictly)
bagpipe|flute|IsA|brass instrument
gun|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
squirrel|cat|MadeOf|small animals
harp|accordion|UsedFor|sound
screwdriver|pen|AtLocation|in a toolbox
forearm|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
floor|walls|PartOf|room
stereo|hose|AtLocation|kitchen
girl|mother|HasProperty|a female
screws|pipe|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
father|brother|IsA|child
body|neck|IsA|limb
ship|boat|CapableOf|float 
shoulder|hand|AtLocation|upper body
crayon|pen|AtLocation|construction site
rabbit|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
cousin|doctor|IsA|car
screws|hose|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
curtains|wall|MadeOf|wood
brush|razor|CapableOf|to paint
bison|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
toe|leg|AtLocation|inside
boots|pants|UsedFor|feet protection
garlic|olive|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
squirrel|mole|HasProperty|living in water
skirt|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
sofa|bedroom|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
donkey|bison|UsedFor|riding
screwdriver|crayon|PartOf|  a cocktail made with vodka
olive|cucumber|HasProperty|green
