wheel|sailboat|HasA|wheels
daughter|girlfriend|IsA|family member
milk|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
cupboard|wall|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
skunk|rabbit|CapableOf|climb trees
moth|worm|HasA|wings
bison|giraffe|AtLocation|in water
falcon|pelican|CapableOf|attack others
ankle|forearm|PartOf|lower body
saxophone|harpsichord|HasA|reed to make it work
cockroach|cat|IsA|bug
owl|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
goat|sheep|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
arm|knees|PartOf|the upper body
pants|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
avocado|banana|HasA|seed/seeds/pit
wheel|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
bungalow|inn|IsA|place to live permanently
cow|elephant|HasA|hooves
turtle|iguana|AtLocation|in a river 
banana|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
sauce|milk|MadeOf|several ingredients
pelican|kite|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
dog|crocodile|HasA|fur
bolts|tape|HasA|a type of metal
bedroom|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
snail|wasp|IsA|crustecean
bed|door|CapableOf|can you sit on it
truck|sailboat|HasA|wheels
pistol|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
cabin|apartment|HasA| 5 letters or less
hare|coyote|IsA|herbivore
onions|goat|IsA|fruit or vegetable
girlfriend|doctor|IsA|female (strictly)
deer|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
arm|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
walls|finger|PartOf|room
stereo|rope|IsA|electronic device
raccoon|rabbit|AtLocation|on tree
wrist|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
ankle|wrist|PartOf|lower body
coconut|beans|IsA|fruit
dress|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
giraffe|cart|HasA|tail
strawberry|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
tank|raft|HasA|an engine
ceiling|deck|PartOf|house
bacon|chocolate|IsA|meat
buggy|scooter|HasA|an engine
mixer|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
tuba|cello|IsA|wind instrument
bolts|rocker|UsedFor|a vehicle
squirrel|mink|AtLocation|on tree
trumpet|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
skirt|blouse|HasProperty|worn below the waist
banana|plum|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
hand|toe|HasProperty|upper body
plum|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
aunt|cousin|CapableOf|become pregnant 
mixer|rope|CapableOf|make sound
scarf|mirror|HasProperty|something to be worn
trousers|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
moth|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
wife|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
butter|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
beaver|deer|IsA|herbivore
bacon|soup|HasProperty|two syllables
razor|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
brush|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
barrel|screws|IsA|vessel
mother|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
duck|eagle|HasProperty|domesticated
mother|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
tractor|sailboat|HasA|wheels
gown|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
donkey|elephant|AtLocation|typically europe
crayon|stick|UsedFor|drawing or painting
fan|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
skunk|mink|AtLocation|on  a tree
hyena|camel|IsA|like a cat
flea|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
goat|camel|HasA|hooves
apartment|church|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
goat|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
groundhog|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
barrel|wheel|CapableOf|hold water
dog|donkey|HasA|fur
oven|toilet|UsedFor|making food
grapefruit|banana|HasProperty|round/oval
mixer|rope|UsedFor|listening to music
fawn|alligator|IsA|mammal
knee|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
tent|church|AtLocation|at your home
drill|comb|AtLocation|construction site
mole|raccoon|HasProperty|4 letters long
dishwasher|ladle|IsA|electric powered item
pants|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
rabbit|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
fan|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
cow|horse|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
bison|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
owl|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
wife|worker|IsA|female (strictly)
church|tent|IsA|permanent structure
apartment|gate|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
fingers|ankle|IsA|plural
airplane|jet|HasA|the ability to fly
pipe|wheel|IsA|vessel
duck|seagull|CapableOf|be a household pet
girl|princess|UsedFor|transportation
window|tower|CapableOf|let in air
plug|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
liquor|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
strawberry|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
elk|raccoon|HasA|hooves
tap|plug|UsedFor|water
steak|salad|HasProperty|a single item
bathroom|ceiling|HasProperty|an enclosed space
chandelier|scarf|CapableOf|give off light/glow
octopus|cod|IsA|mollusk
drill|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
doctor|princess|IsA|profession
magazine|rock|UsedFor|reading
shirt|sack|HasA|sleeves
otter|mole|UsedFor|swimming
neck|toe|AtLocation|upper body
sofa|cupboard|CapableOf|be used to sleep
gun|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
oven|sink|UsedFor|heating items up
blouse|shirt|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
cucumber|cherry|HasProperty|green
cod|chicken|IsA|fish
rifle|rope|CapableOf|used in war
grenade|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
knee|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
bayonet|broom|IsA|weapon 
catfish|eel|IsA|name begging with c
canoe|scooter|AtLocation|in water
prune|banana|HasA|edible skin
boat|wheel|HasA|engine
broccoli|lemon|HasProperty|green
father|wife|HasProperty|male
cherry|pear|HasProperty|red
camel|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
zebra|giraffe|CapableOf|fly
ant|snail|HasProperty|an insect
skirt|coat|IsA|worn on the lower body
plug|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
coat|blouse|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
window|finger|PartOf|building
kettle|sink|UsedFor|heating items up
pepper|lemon|IsA|vegetable
orange|garlic|IsA|fruit
faucet|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
saxophone|trombone|HasA|valves
avocado|strawberry|HasA|edible skin
skirt|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
shoulder|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
pony|rabbit|UsedFor|a mode of transport
cheetah|camel|IsA|type of big cat
drill|barrel|UsedFor|building
rabbit|deer|HasA|fur
elk|bison|IsA|specific type of deer
camel|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
leg|window|PartOf|body
goat|onions|IsA|animal
aunt|princess|HasA|multiple people pictured
ceiling|tower|PartOf|a house
pot|bucket|MadeOf|ceramic materials
trout|chicken|IsA|water animal
boat|sled|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
stereo|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
razor|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
forearm|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
mirror|scarf|MadeOf|/contain glass
skunk|glass|CapableOf|burn
faucet|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
clarinet|harpsichord|HasA|reed to make it work
king|daughter|IsA|royalty
pine|spade|HasProperty|alive
razor|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
forearm|toe|AtLocation|upper body
chisel|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
woman|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
knee|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
olive|orange|HasA|hard shell
blood|leg|AtLocation|on your head
shoulder|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
grapefruit|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
muscle|toe|AtLocation|on your head
cat|rabbit|IsA|typical pet
toe|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
bison|buffalo|IsA|has horns
bungalow|inn|HasA|start with a b
bacon|sandwich|HasProperty|mainly meat
princess|cousin|HasProperty|female
dog|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
pelican|pigeon|HasA|long beak
gun|rocket|IsA|firearm
broccoli|onions|HasProperty|a green food
gown|coat|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
tent|cabin|IsA|4 letter word
elephant|crocodile|HasA|big horns/tusk
elk|bison|HasA|antler
banner|skirt|IsA|logo
bison|donkey|IsA|carnivore 
elk|hyena|IsA|has horns
carpet|cupboard|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
bagpipe|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
tap|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
kettle|fridge|CapableOf|be held in your hand
stereo|fan|IsA|related to music 
scarf|coat|HasProperty|worn on the neck
microwave|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
broom|pine|IsA|man made thing
piano|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
plug|radio|AtLocation|kitchen
scissors|typewriter|HasA|sharp edge
daughter|girl|HasProperty|two syllables
birch|spade|HasProperty|alive
necklace|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
wheel|faucet|UsedFor|a vehicle
shield|skirt|UsedFor|protection
window|leg|PartOf|building
pencil|pliers|CapableOf|writing
mole|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
beetle|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
fingers|deck|IsA|body part
grapefruit|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
woman|cousin|HasProperty|female
vulture|dove|HasA|large wing span
shirt|dress|HasA|sleeves
radio|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
bone|muscle|HasA|bones
neck|window|IsA|body part
shoulder|neck|HasProperty|something humans have two of
lamp|mirror|UsedFor|providing light
elbow|knees|PartOf|upper body
jeans|coat|IsA|worn on the lower body
fawn|coyote|PartOf|herd
crab|perch|HasA|legs
truck|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
door|sofa|MadeOf|wood
room|deck|PartOf|house
wife|boy|HasProperty|female
bed|curtains|MadeOf|wood typically
scissors|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
garlic|lemon|HasA|eatable shell or peel
princess|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
stove|tray|UsedFor|heating items up
fingers|knee|PartOf|the upper body
tape|rock|UsedFor|a vehicle
toaster|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
plum|raspberry|HasA|big seed
bed|spear|UsedFor|sleeping
cello|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
rabbit|cat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
mirror|cigarette|MadeOf|glass
tractor|car|UsedFor|farming
pear|cherry|HasA|yellow color
elephant|rabbit|CapableOf|kill a human
cathedral|house|UsedFor|a place of worship
toaster|bed|UsedFor|making food
coat|sack|HasA|sleeves
bolts|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
zebra|cart|HasA|tail
snail|spider|HasA|no legs
pistol|bolts|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
cherry|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
deck|fingers|PartOf|house
grenade|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
butterfly|snail|HasProperty|typically able to fly
donkey|frog|UsedFor|human transport
socks|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
goat|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
dishwasher|colander|HasProperty|electrically powered
cannon|gun|UsedFor|firing artillery
room|hand|IsA|part of a building
skirt|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
faucet|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
tap|clamp|AtLocation|kitchen
stove|fridge|UsedFor|making food
avocado|garlic|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
paintbrush|typewriter|AtLocation|construction site
plum|pear|HasProperty|red
trousers|dress|PartOf|pair
scarf|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
toe|foot|PartOf|upper body
bolts|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
trumpet|guitar|IsA|brass instrument
grapefruit|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
microwave|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
rocker|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
elephant|cart|IsA|herbivore
fridge|sink|HasProperty|consuming electricity
snail|wasp|MadeOf|small animals
doctor|girl|HasProperty|male
boat|bowl|CapableOf|float 
bison|donkey|HasA|fur
ceiling|room|AtLocation|above your head
bungalow|tent|HasA|start with a b
fingers|deck|PartOf|human body
elk|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
kettle|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
neck|floor|IsA|body part
vulture|eagle|HasA|long beak
window|roof|CapableOf|be opened/closed
oven|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
mink|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
caterpillar|frog|IsA|bug
pipe|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
tomato|beans|HasA|seeds
arm|fingers|AtLocation|on furniture
elephant|cougar|HasA|horn
coconut|peach|HasA|edible skin
leg|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
catfish|eel|HasA|fins
ankle|arm|UsedFor|walking
mackerel|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
pen|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
knife|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
son|cousin|IsA|direct relation with you
cod|tuna|IsA|name begging with c
pony|crocodile|UsedFor|human transport
bathroom|bar|AtLocation|in your apartment
bed|microwave|HasProperty|in the bedroom
aunt|sister|IsA|immediate relation with you
milk|salad|MadeOf|cup
brush|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
supper|bean|HasProperty|two syllables
foot|forearm|PartOf|lower body
tank|canoe|HasA|wheels
radio|wheel|CapableOf|make sound
gown|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
knife|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
rock|clamp|CapableOf|make sound
room|hand|PartOf|house
lobster|catfish|HasA|shell
celery|onions|HasProperty|a green food
jeep|skateboard|CapableOf|hold more than one person
scooter|skis|CapableOf|roll
deer|coyote|HasA|hooves
mug|pot|AtLocation|in the kitchen
crayon|pliers|CapableOf|writing
harmonica|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
tuba|trombone|HasA|3 buttons exactly
caribou|gorilla|HasA|antlers/tusks
butterfly|worm|CapableOf|fly
magazine|bolts|MadeOf|paper
tuna|squid|HasA|fins
beaver|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
yacht|raft|HasA|engine
bison|hyena|UsedFor|travel
hose|radio|AtLocation|kitchen
camel|crocodile|UsedFor|human transport
pants|candle|IsA|item of clothing
piano|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
bone|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
scarf|candle|AtLocation|on neck
bridge|cottage|IsA|public building (typically)
bungalow|oak|MadeOf|one or more rooms
harpsichord|accordion|MadeOf|strings
father|actress|IsA|male
daughter|princess|PartOf|close blood relative
trumpet|piano|MadeOf|strings
boy|daughter|HasProperty|male
wine|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
donkey|crocodile|UsedFor|human transport
plum|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
lemon|pepper|IsA|fruit
robe|banner|HasProperty|something that can be worn
arm|wrist|HasA|more than one joint
celery|cherry|HasProperty|green
paintbrush|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
tank|gun|IsA|vessel
stereo|tape|IsA|electronic device
elephant|cow|UsedFor|riding
microwave|freezer|UsedFor|heating items up
seagull|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
rope|fan|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
boat|wheel|AtLocation|in water
cougar|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
tractor|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
nurse|wife|IsA|profession
father|nurse|HasProperty|male
freezer|dishwasher|UsedFor|storing food 
mouth|finger|HasProperty|used for tasting
zebra|octopus|IsA|black and white
orange|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
ankle|body|AtLocation|below your waist
tuna|lobster|HasA|fins
cat|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
gate|house|IsA|component of a home
piano|accordion|MadeOf|strings
elbow|toe|HasProperty|something humans have two of
shotgun|cannon|CapableOf|be held in a hand
brother|uncle|IsA|direct relation
actress|girlfriend|IsA|profession/title
stork|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
screwdriver|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
ankle|neck|HasProperty|lower body
father|king|IsA|family member
whisky|soup|IsA|liquid
lemon|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
avocado|prune|HasA|yellow color
harmonica|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
coat|candle|IsA|item of clothing
hyena|giraffe|IsA|predator 
chandelier|necklace|HasProperty|makes light
banana|raspberry|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
tiger|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
giraffe|crocodile|HasA|long neck
mother|woman|HasA|blood relation with you
skirt|wheelbarrow|IsA|piece of clothing
strawberry|cherry|AtLocation|be found on a bush
bed|spade|UsedFor|sleeping
tractor|buggy|HasA|wheels
knee|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
sink|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
father|nurse|IsA|male
crab|cod|HasA|legs
skirt|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
toaster|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
stove|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
faucet|radio|CapableOf|provide water
screws|plate|UsedFor|building
mug|kettle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
flea|rattlesnake|PartOf|water
flute|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
bathroom|hand|PartOf|room
kettle|colander|CapableOf|hold water
squirrel|mole|CapableOf|climb on tree
squirrel|mouse|CapableOf|jump
tiger|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
parakeet|buzzard|CapableOf|be a household pet
drill|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
guitar|trombone|MadeOf|strings
king|cousin|IsA|title
trombone|banjo|CapableOf|be played with mouth
leopard|giraffe|IsA|like a cat
tap|hose|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
rabbit|raccoon|HasA|big ears
shoulder|neck|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
rifle|tank|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
cupboard|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
trombone|piano|MadeOf|brass
shoulder|knees|PartOf|upper body
wrist|foot|PartOf|upper body
princess|wife|IsA|profession/title
plug|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
hare|skunk|HasA|long ears
hose|pipe|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
car|skis|IsA|powered vehicle
finger|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
tank|shotgun|HasA|caterpillar treads
jacket|jeans|HasA|sleeves
yacht|scooter|HasA|an engine
bison|pony|HasA|fur
window|neck|PartOf|building
paper|wood|IsA|fragile
coat|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
sink|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
spider|snail|IsA|insect
wrist|shoulder|AtLocation|below where a watch is
camel|ox|UsedFor|travel
sandwich|soup|MadeOf|bread
butterfly|caterpillar|HasProperty|typically able to fly
neck|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
drill|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
lamp|cigarette|UsedFor|providing light
jacket|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
crocodile|deer|AtLocation|jungle
eagle|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
elbow|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
mole|squirrel|AtLocation|underground
ceiling|floor|PartOf|room
coconut|lime|HasA|hard shell
milk|sugar|IsA|diary food
cod|lobster|HasA|fins
neck|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
father|prince|IsA|family member
daughter|father|HasProperty|female
foot|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
cat|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
deer|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
toe|hand|AtLocation|below waist
knee|elbow|PartOf|lower body
thigh|hand|HasProperty|lower body
hand|elbow|AtLocation|below where a watch is
sailboat|car|AtLocation|in water
buggy|skateboard|HasA|an engine
stereo|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
deer|squirrel|HasA|hooves
pine|spear|HasProperty|alive
camel|cart|HasA|tail
rope|rifle|UsedFor|harm
violin|harpsichord|HasA|strings
cousin|wife|IsA|family member
oven|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
ceiling|leg|IsA|part of a building
strawberry|garlic|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
ant|wasp|IsA|crustecean
barrel|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
butter|sandwich|IsA|diary food
caribou|gorilla|IsA|has horns
orange|garlic|HasA|seeds
arm|neck|UsedFor|a fight
tuba|piano|IsA|wind instrument
elk|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
deer|skunk|HasA|hooves
barrel|screws|HasProperty|circular
neck|room|PartOf|body
bedroom|gate|HasA|start with a b
ceiling|walls|CapableOf|be shattered 
stove|blender|UsedFor|heating items up
canoe|sled|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
comb|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
cat|snail|PartOf|water
walls|hand|PartOf|house
boots|skirt|AtLocation|foot
faucet|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rifle|hose|UsedFor|shooting
bison|crocodile|HasA|big horns/tusk
hose|drill|CapableOf|transport liquids
microwave|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
barrel|drill|IsA|vessel
screws|tank|AtLocation|at home
boots|jacket|AtLocation|foot
scissors|knife|UsedFor|crafts
pants|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
lemon|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
rabbit|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
mink|rabbit|AtLocation|water usually
hare|mole|HasA|big ears
giraffe|tiger|HasA|long neck
candle|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
gun|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
elk|rabbit|HasA|hooves
bolts|screws|HasA|number on it
paintbrush|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
neck|elbow|IsA|limb
cottage|gate|HasA|roof
kettle|dishwasher|UsedFor|heating items up
dress|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
elbow|foot|IsA|joint
frog|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
tank|sailboat|HasA|wheels
cougar|elephant|CapableOf|hunt for prey
leopard|zebra|IsA|predator 
banana|cherry|HasA|yellow color
screws|pipe|UsedFor|building
jacket|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
fingers|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
corn|garlic|IsA|vegetable
cow|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
cherry|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
mixer|fan|CapableOf|make or play music
dress|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
lamb|potato|HasProperty|furry
brush|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
doctor|princess|HasProperty|male
bacon|meal|HasProperty|two syllables
sink|colander|UsedFor|washing dishes
rope|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
pen|pliers|UsedFor|writing
crocodile|tiger|CapableOf|fly
sheep|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
ankle|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
cathedral|bridge|UsedFor|religious gatherings
girlfriend|actress|IsA|family member
elk|raccoon|HasA|horn
faucet|rocker|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
elk|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
balloon|boat|AtLocation|in the air
typewriter|chisel|CapableOf|writing
raccoon|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
foot|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
muscle|skin|AtLocation|inside
cat|rabbit|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
rope|faucet|UsedFor|a vehicle
tap|plug|UsedFor|dispensing water
ship|saucer|CapableOf|be found on water
jeans|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
toe|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
moth|flea|CapableOf|flying
rifle|screws|IsA|firearm
cloak|shield|HasProperty|something that can be worn
tractor|wheel|HasA|an engine
stereo|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
donkey|bison|AtLocation|typically europe
piano|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
stereo|rope|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
leg|neck|HasProperty|lower body
barrel|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
skirt|jacket|IsA|worn on the lower body
worker|cousin|HasProperty|a profession
chicken|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
cat|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
rope|mixer|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
neck|foot|HasProperty|upper body
hyena|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
glass|mink|IsA|fragile
rock|hose|CapableOf|make sound
screws|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
wheel|hose|MadeOf|metal/steel
microwave|door|UsedFor|heating items up
gun|pipe|IsA|firearm
plug|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
coat|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
blood|body|AtLocation|in the torso
mink|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
coconut|plum|HasA|edible skin
coat|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
socks|dress|UsedFor|feet
sandwich|bean|MadeOf|bread
razor|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cat|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
nurse|mother|HasA|head
rattlesnake|porcupine|AtLocation|underground
body|bone|IsA|limb
otter|mole|HasA|long tail
pants|dress|HasProperty|worn below the waist
spider|rabbit|CapableOf|kill a human
guitar|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
bedroom|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
rabbit|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
orange|cucumber|IsA|fruit
bed|apartment|HasA|start with a b
bed|oak|PartOf|set of furniture
blood|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
rope|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
cupboard|sofa|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
spoon|fridge|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
rabbit|mole|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
neck|toe|HasProperty|upper body
cockroach|frog|IsA|bug
flute|trombone|HasA|valves
bolts|wheel|HasA|number on it
bungalow|hut|IsA|place to live permanently
barrel|plate|CapableOf|store or transport water
dress|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
clamp|tape|MadeOf|steel mainly
neck|ceiling|IsA|body part
cougar|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
hose|cannon|CapableOf|transport liquids
jeep|bike|CapableOf|carry multiple people
flute|guitar|CapableOf|be blown into
guitar|piano|HasA|neck
spatula|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
ankle|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
donkey|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
grapefruit|banana|HasProperty|oval/round
wheel|clamp|UsedFor|a vehicle
cockroach|frog|IsA|insect
deck|room|UsedFor|working with computer
rope|mixer|CapableOf|work without electricity
thigh|neck|AtLocation|bottom half of body
toe|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
worker|girl|IsA|male
finger|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
tiger|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
caribou|elephant|HasA|antlers
mixer|plug|HasA|string or line
prince|brother|IsA|title
crocodile|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
hare|raccoon|IsA|animal with long ears
alligator|turtle|IsA|reptile
beetle|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
sheep|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
arm|ankle|IsA|upper body part
cow|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
door|bedroom|PartOf|the entrance to a room
cottage|church|IsA|place to live permanently
cherry|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
ankle|fingers|IsA|joint
frog|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
clamp|fan|HasA|a type of metal
bison|camel|IsA|violent creature
rifle|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
jeep|raft|HasA|wheels
chandelier|clock|UsedFor|lighting
toe|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
bike|canoe|MadeOf|metal
foot|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
chapel|bridge|IsA|religion buildings
butterfly|cat|IsA|bug
leg|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
mixer|tap|IsA|related to music 
kettle|tray|IsA|cylinder
brush|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
hyena|buffalo|IsA|like a cat
jeep|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
skirt|dress|CapableOf|keep legs warm
dog|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
crab|mackerel|HasA|shell
canoe|jeep|UsedFor|water
barn|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
willow|birch|IsA|man made item
radio|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
elk|hare|HasA|hooves
fingers|foot|IsA|plural
knees|knee|IsA|plural
donkey|tiger|UsedFor|riding
girlfriend|boy|HasProperty|female
falcon|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
toe|ankle|PartOf|an appendage
window|bathroom|PartOf|room
trousers|gown|IsA|worn on the lower body
pine|spear|IsA|tree
tape|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
floor|walls|CapableOf|be shattered 
hare|mole|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
dishwasher|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
floor|leg|IsA|part of a building
skirt|boots|AtLocation|above the feet
freezer|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
pencil|chisel|CapableOf|make holes 
goat|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
nurse|girl|HasA|the color brown in it
sofa|wall|MadeOf|wood
leg|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
stereo|rocker|IsA|electric 
buffalo|gorilla|HasA|antlers/tusks
actress|boy|IsA|profession
arm|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
curtains|sofa|CapableOf|open/close
razor|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
finger|knee|PartOf|upper body
wheel|skis|MadeOf|metal
ankle|arm|AtLocation|below waist
harpsichord|flute|MadeOf|strings
cherry|banana|HasA|stone 
helicopter|bowl|CapableOf|fly
blouse|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
blood|skin|AtLocation|inside
broccoli|corn|HasProperty|a green food
cannon|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
pants|jacket|CapableOf|keep legs warm
mole|mink|CapableOf|go underground
faucet|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
deck|hand|IsA|part of a building
house|inn|HasProperty|a black and white picture
chandelier|scarf|MadeOf|/contain glass
pineapple|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
mole|squirrel|HasProperty|4 letters long
violin|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
tape|fan|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
mother|princess|IsA|family member
bedroom|church|IsA|place to live permanently
iguana|snail|IsA|reptile
toe|thigh|PartOf|upper body
camel|rabbit|UsedFor|human transport
neck|thigh|IsA|upper body part
leg|bathroom|IsA|body part
blender|ladle|HasA|electrical parts
socks|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
birch|broom|IsA|tree
alligator|deer|IsA|predator
hose|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
tank|pistol|IsA|vessel
flute|guitar|HasA|tube
elk|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
plate|gun|IsA|vessel
elephant|tiger|HasA|trunk
crab|shrimp|HasA|claws
fingers|arm|IsA|plural
kettle|ladle|IsA|electric powered item
man|daughter|IsA|car
celery|beans|HasProperty|green (most part)
kettle|colander|CapableOf|be held in your hand
skateboard|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
cow|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
roof|hand|IsA|part of a building
razor|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
arm|leg|PartOf|the upper body
chapel|gate|UsedFor|religious gatherings
toaster|closet|UsedFor|making food
thigh|forearm|PartOf|lower body
leg|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
orange|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
tongue|neck|HasProperty|used for tasting
avocado|beans|HasProperty|green
canoe|skis|CapableOf|carry multiple people
pants|boots|HasProperty|covering the legs
sister|princess|IsA|direct or immediate relation
magazine|radio|MadeOf|paper
candle|necklace|CapableOf|generate light
zebra|eel|HasA|legs
toe|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
socks|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
comb|pencil|CapableOf|be used for hair
walls|neck|PartOf|room
hose|rope|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
prune|raspberry|HasA|stone inside
cherry|banana|IsA|red  or orang
wheel|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
spoon|sink|UsedFor|transferring liquids
bison|tiger|UsedFor|riding
nail|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
lamb|onions|HasProperty|red
steak|sandwich|HasProperty|a single item
faucet|rope|MadeOf|metal/steel
blender|sink|UsedFor|making food
donkey|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
bolts|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
ceiling|roof|HasProperty|enclosed
plug|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
wheel|truck|HasA|two rows of seats
cannon|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
finger|forearm|AtLocation|below where a watch is
blouse|boots|HasA|sleeves
trout|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
rifle|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
gate|apartment|HasA| 5 letters or less
cannon|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
tray|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
fridge|toilet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
sheep|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
bed|cabin|HasA|start with a b
rattlesnake|rabbit|CapableOf|hunt other animals
cousin|nurse|IsA|male
boots|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
elk|tiger|IsA|has horns
blender|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
shrimp|tuna|HasA|shell
woman|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
jacket|jeans|AtLocation|upper part of body
bag|shirt|IsA|an accessory
stereo|bolts|IsA|related to music 
bag|blouse|IsA|an accessory
goat|potato|IsA|n animal
cello|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
cockroach|snail|IsA|insect
kettle|colander|HasProperty|electrically powered
roof|walls|HasA|diagram on it
buggy|sailboat|HasA|wheels
toe|liver|HasA|bones
elbow|toe|AtLocation|upper body
fan|rock|IsA|electric 
alligator|mink|IsA|predator
harmonica|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
olive|tomato|HasProperty|green
woman|worker|HasA|color
fawn|raccoon|PartOf|herd
skirt|gown|HasProperty|worn below the waist
donkey|bison|IsA|teeth
dishwasher|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
worker|woman|IsA|profession
thigh|arm|CapableOf|carrying objects
glass|plastic|IsA|fragile
steak|bean|IsA|meat
fingers|shoulder|HasA|nails
cannon|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
chandelier|scarf|HasProperty|makes light
hand|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
tuba|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
mother|man|HasProperty|a female
bridge|gate|IsA|public building (typically)
rope|wheel|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
toaster|tray|UsedFor|heating items up
forearm|finger|HasProperty|something humans have two of
dog|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
goat|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
rifle|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
arm|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
dog|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
prince|father|IsA|royalty
tap|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
bathroom|tower|PartOf|another card 
truck|skis|IsA|powered vehicle
forearm|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
perch|tuna|IsA|one syllable word
boat|skis|HasA|an engine
crab|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
cheetah|zebra|IsA|like a cat
cloak|banner|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
curtains|bed|CapableOf|open/close
paintbrush|spatula|CapableOf|make holes 
neck|nose|AtLocation|below mouth
turtle|squirrel|IsA|reptile
wife|boy|IsA|family member
cherry|orange|HasA|eatable shell or peel
octopus|perch|HasA|legs/tentacles 
liver|nail|AtLocation|inside
crayon|drill|UsedFor|writing
rabbit|horse|HasA|fur
lantern|cigarette|CapableOf|generate light
rope|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
radio|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
saxophone|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
tongue|finger|PartOf|face
toe|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
banjo|clarinet|HasA|strings
elbow|foot|PartOf|upper body
bathroom|window|PartOf|room
elephant|cart|HasA|trunk
coat|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
scooter|boat|HasA|wheels
spade|birch|IsA|weapon 
radio|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
sofa|bedroom|IsA|furniture
cow|rabbit|HasA|hooves
grenade|screws|IsA|vessel
toe|shoulder|PartOf|an appendage
wheel|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
daughter|princess|HasA|a blood relation with you
horse|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
tongue|finger|UsedFor|eating
chapel|bridge|IsA|religious place
bolts|drill|HasA|number on it
raft|sled|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
leg|tower|PartOf|human body
blender|dishwasher|CapableOf|be held in your hand
grapefruit|avocado|IsA|member of the citrus family
toilet|tray|CapableOf|be plumbed in
paintbrush|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
dog|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
gate|cabin|IsA|component of a home
drill|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
scooter|skis|HasA|wheels
forearm|neck|HasA|less than three joints
lime|cherry|HasProperty|green
girl|doctor|IsA|female (strictly)
goat|tiger|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
pencil|chisel|UsedFor|writing
rocker|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
bottle|kettle|CapableOf|be held to drink
crocodile|zebra|CapableOf|fly
prune|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
mackerel|chicken|HasA|fins
walls|window|PartOf|room
tiger|cow|IsA|carnivore 
apartment|church|IsA|place to live permanently
cello|clarinet|HasA|strings
scooter|skateboard|HasA|handle
sheep|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
porcupine|mole|CapableOf|climb trees
neck|hand|HasProperty|mostly of cylindrical shape
ankle|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
pigeon|eagle|HasProperty|domesticated
arm|neck|PartOf|pair
cousin|wife|IsA|immediate relation with you
cat|camel|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
rope|stereo|CapableOf|work without electricity
raccoon|mink|AtLocation|on tree
lemon|raspberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
hand|fingers|PartOf|pair
arm|floor|IsA|body part
wheel|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
cucumber|tomato|HasProperty|green
garlic|orange|UsedFor|cooking
coat|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
hair|arm|IsA|limb
eggplant|corn|HasA|any green on it 
room|roof|PartOf|a house
rabbit|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
church|gate|UsedFor|religious gatherings
girlfriend|nurse|HasProperty|two syllables
jeans|shoes|HasProperty|covering the legs
crayon|knife|UsedFor|writing
shoulder|leg|IsA|limb
mixer|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
robe|skirt|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
crocodile|dog|IsA|teeth
sheep|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
pear|banana|HasA|edible skin
toe|elbow|IsA|on the lower half 
celery|olive|IsA|vegetable
trombone|clarinet|IsA|brass instrument
doctor|princess|AtLocation|in a hospital
mackerel|zebra|HasA|fins
cat|frog|HasA|fur
rabbit|cat|IsA|farm animal
beans|coconut|IsA|vegetable
hose|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
alligator|rattlesnake|IsA|amphibian
bed|cabin|IsA|component of a home
hyena|cougar|IsA|type of cat
avocado|cucumber|IsA|fruit
willow|pine|IsA|man made item
elephant|crocodile|IsA|has horns
cat|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
cousin|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
shoulder|knee|PartOf|the upper body
man|wife|IsA|male
tent|hut|AtLocation|at your home
guitar|harpsichord|HasA|neck
donkey|camel|UsedFor|food products
leg|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
pineapple|peach|HasProperty|yellow
girl|man|HasProperty|a female
wheelbarrow|coat|IsA|an accessory
butter|milk|IsA|block
wheel|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
broccoli|corn|IsA|green vegetable
grapefruit|plum|HasA|peel
magazine|tap|MadeOf|paper
zebra|tiger|IsA|herbivore
ankle|nail|CapableOf|help you walk
rabbit|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
screws|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
bathroom|arm|PartOf|building
tower|window|AtLocation|on the outside of building
groundhog|porcupine|CapableOf|be held 
toaster|toilet|UsedFor|making food
perch|asparagus|HasA|fins
saxophone|trombone|HasProperty|single-reed
lamb|duck|HasProperty|furry
elephant|rattlesnake|HasA| 4 limbs
body|muscle|HasA|bones
bedroom|curtains|CapableOf|be used to sleep
prune|grapefruit|HasProperty|sweet
prune|orange|HasA|single hard pit
bedroom|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
aunt|woman|IsA|family member
finger|ceiling|PartOf|body
house|gate|HasProperty|a black and white picture
liver|elbow|AtLocation|inside
mole|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
oven|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pencil|knife|UsedFor|drawing or painting
bathroom|leg|IsA|part of a building
hose|plug|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
pony|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
trousers|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
ox|caribou|IsA|violent creature
leg|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
pineapple|cranberry|IsA|physical fruit or veg
groundhog|rattlesnake|AtLocation|north america (specifically)
roof|room|AtLocation|above your head in general
pliers|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
bed|inn|HasA|start with a b
fan|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
frog|rabbit|UsedFor|food products
woman|actress|HasA|color
rocker|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
gun|cannon|IsA|firearm
roof|bathroom|AtLocation|outside of a home
deer|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
cockroach|squirrel|IsA|insect
stereo|rock|IsA|electric 
foot|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
salmon|octopus|IsA|fish
cousin|daughter|IsA|male
accordion|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
wheel|fan|HasA|a type of metal
wheel|canoe|MadeOf|metal
lantern|candle|MadeOf|metal
liver|nail|IsA|limb
cathedral|gate|UsedFor|a place of worship
scissors|screwdriver|UsedFor|crafts
barrel|rope|CapableOf|store or transport water
paintbrush|spatula|UsedFor|drawing or painting
snail|caterpillar|IsA|crustecean
hare|skunk|HasA|long tail
hand|bathroom|PartOf|human body
kettle|bed|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
grapefruit|prune|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
dishwasher|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
coat|jeans|HasA|sleeves
knees|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
blood|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
fridge|colander|HasProperty|electrically powered
rope|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
harp|accordion|MadeOf|strings
beaver|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
razor|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
walls|bar|PartOf|house
gun|rocket|UsedFor|bullets
shoes|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
goat|donkey|UsedFor|a source of milk
strawberry|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
blender|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pony|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
toe|foot|HasA|nail
thigh|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
drill|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
freezer|tray|CapableOf|be plumbed in
mixer|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
elk|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
wheel|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rifle|hose|IsA|firearm
roof|walls|AtLocation|above your head in general
scooter|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
horse|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
cow|horse|UsedFor|a source of milk
princess|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
squid|tuna|IsA|mollusk
daughter|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
jeans|skirt|HasA|two seperate pant legs
girlfriend|woman|IsA|family member
fingers|window|PartOf|body
rifle|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
father|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
tray|strainer|HasProperty|part of a car
ankle|kidney|IsA|organ
nurse|boy|HasProperty|a profession
ceiling|bar|AtLocation|above your head in general
turtle|snail|HasA|legs
eagle|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
eye|muscle|IsA|cancer related card
barrel|plate|CapableOf|transport liquids
radio|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
leg|roof|PartOf|human body
rattlesnake|beaver|CapableOf|hunt other animals
bridge|house|IsA|component of a home
frog|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
forearm|foot|PartOf|the upper body
bike|boat|HasA|wheels
wheel|clamp|AtLocation|kitchen
fan|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
ankle|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
cow|camel|UsedFor|a source of milk
zebra|salmon|HasA|legs
goat|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
squirrel|rattlesnake|HasA|legs
vulture|dove|HasA|large wingspan
ceiling|window|AtLocation|above your head in general
frog|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
rabbit|tomato|IsA|meat or animal
rifle|drill|CapableOf|used in war
airplane|bowl|HasA|wings
cherry|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
arm|shoulder|UsedFor|waving
walls|roof|PartOf|a house
eye|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
donkey|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
lantern|necklace|CapableOf|give off light/glow
deer|raccoon|PartOf|herd
mixer|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
orange|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
gown|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
hose|cannon|UsedFor|harm
buzzard|starling|HasProperty|a predator
hose|plate|CapableOf|contain water
fawn|rabbit|PartOf|herd
knee|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
boat|saucer|AtLocation|in water
dress|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
coat|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
actress|worker|HasA|the color brown in it
yacht|skateboard|HasA|an engine
catfish|shrimp|IsA|fish
tiger|camel|IsA|carnivore 
cheetah|deer|IsA|type of big cat
hand|shoulder|HasA|more than one joint
rocker|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
plate|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
mother|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
raft|jeep|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
finger|bar|PartOf|human body
fridge|spoon|HasProperty|consuming electricity
banana|lemon|IsA|physical fruit or veg
cougar|caribou|HasA|thick body
sheep|camel|UsedFor|a source of milk
fingers|bar|PartOf|human body
daughter|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
walls|finger|IsA|part of a building
daughter|uncle|IsA|child
grenade|rocket|IsA|vessel
lamp|cigarette|UsedFor|a light source
cupboard|curtains|CapableOf|contain items
fridge|blender|HasProperty|big
stove|sink|UsedFor|heating items up
kettle|tray|CapableOf|hold water
salmon|crab|HasA|fins
hawk|dove|HasA|large wing span
girl|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
crocodile|iguana|IsA|amphibian
fridge|sink|CapableOf|make things cold
trombone|harmonica|IsA|brass instrument
elephant|snail|HasA|four feet
potato|duck|IsA|fruit or vegetable
wife|cousin|HasA|multiple people pictured
ceiling|roof|PartOf|a house
beer|milk|HasProperty|alcoholic
tape|rope|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
raccoon|coyote|CapableOf|climb trees
forearm|toe|HasProperty|something humans have two of
knees|toe|IsA|plural
rabbit|spider|CapableOf|jump
gun|drill|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
bungalow|apartment|HasA|start with a b
finger|leg|AtLocation|upper body
fingers|knees|AtLocation|upper body
car|scooter|CapableOf|carry multiple people
finger|toe|PartOf|the upper body
gown|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
zebra|bison|HasA|spots or stripes
jeans|wheelbarrow|IsA|piece of clothing
tiger|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
pen|spatula|UsedFor|writing
blender|sink|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
dishwasher|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
bison|zebra|IsA|has horns
knee|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
finger|room|IsA|body part
lamp|tray|UsedFor|lighting
finger|neck|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
bed|cupboard|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
balloon|bowl|AtLocation|in the air
knife|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
wasp|frog|IsA|bug
rocker|plug|IsA|related to music 
ankle|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
pony|bison|AtLocation|typically europe
father|nurse|IsA|family member
socks|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
man|worker|IsA|car
beer|potatoes|IsA|liquid
clarinet|banjo|HasA|tube
yacht|tank|HasA|wheels
scissors|typewriter|MadeOf|only metal
grapefruit|cherry|HasA|yellow color
bacon|bean|HasProperty|two syllables
kettle|cupboard|CapableOf|hold water
shrimp|mackerel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
sheep|rabbit|HasA|hooves
fingers|finger|HasProperty|plural
sauce|butter|IsA|liquid
king|cousin|IsA|royalty
skateboard|skis|CapableOf|roll
car|wheel|HasProperty|consuming fuel
peach|orange|IsA|fruit
pants|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
razor|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
bed|door|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
tap|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
elk|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
jet|saucer|UsedFor|transportation
worm|frog|IsA|insect
sailboat|canoe|HasA|motor
eggplant|broccoli|IsA|purple vegetable
fingers|foot|PartOf|upper body
celery|beans|IsA|green vegetable 
orange|olive|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
groundhog|beaver|HasProperty|originated from north america
ankle|nail|AtLocation|below the knee
thigh|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
tank|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
whisky|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
bike|raft|CapableOf|roll
coyote|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
hose|tape|UsedFor|dispensing water
deer|alligator|HasA|horn
flute|accordion|HasA|reed to make it work
bagpipe|cello|IsA|wind instrument
mackerel|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
dog|horse|IsA|typical pet
clamp|tape|HasA|a type of metal
cousin|princess|HasA|blood relation with you
cousin|doctor|IsA|family member
eye|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
prune|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
elk|porcupine|HasA|hooves
cherry|banana|HasA|single hard pit
father|princess|HasProperty|male
chandelier|scarf|UsedFor|providing light
umbrella|cloak|IsA|white object
toaster|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
goat|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
vulture|pelican|IsA|bird of prey
bike|canoe|CapableOf|roll
nose|finger|PartOf|makeup regimen
bagpipe|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
cello|piano|MadeOf|strings
plug|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
corn|tomato|IsA|vegetable
window|fingers|PartOf|building
prince|cousin|IsA|title
porcupine|rabbit|CapableOf|climb trees
plum|pear|HasA|single hard pit
pants|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
skirt|umbrella|HasProperty|something that can be worn
plum|garlic|HasA|stone 
grapefruit|cherry|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
clarinet|piano|IsA|wind instrument
plate|pistol|UsedFor|harm
freezer|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
bathroom|arm|IsA|part of a building
cupboard|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
muscle|neck|AtLocation|inside
gun|barrel|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
elbow|thigh|IsA|limb
caribou|buffalo|IsA|has horns
elephant|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
tank|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
donkey|tiger|UsedFor|human transport
truck|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
man|daughter|HasProperty|male
rifle|barrel|HasA|finger trigger
floor|tower|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
rock|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
tomato|duck|IsA|fruit or vegetable
pipe|tray|HasProperty|circular
fridge|colander|HasProperty|using electricity
skunk|mole|AtLocation|on  a tree
dog|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
buffalo|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
grapefruit|avocado|UsedFor|smoothies
trombone|tuba|UsedFor|sound
grapefruit|pear|IsA|red  or orang
balloon|bowl|HasA|the ability to fly
hair|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cockroach|cat|IsA|insect
shoes|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
toe|bone|IsA|on the lower half 
paintbrush|scissors|UsedFor|writing
tap|rock|IsA|mostly black in colour
leg|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
paper|tin|CapableOf|burn
beans|tomato|IsA|vegetable
lantern|scarf|MadeOf|/contain glass
snail|turtle|IsA|bug
pistol|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
chandelier|candle|MadeOf|glass
faucet|rock|MadeOf|metal/steel
squid|perch|IsA|mollusk
cherry|onions|IsA|fruit
tape|hose|UsedFor|sticking
plate|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
salmon|zebra|HasA|fins
cow|donkey|UsedFor|a source of milk
tiger|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
elephant|rattlesnake|HasA|four feet
skateboard|boat|HasA|wheels
nurse|man|HasA|the color brown in it
donkey|cat|IsA|teeth
candle|lantern|CapableOf|be set alight with match
typewriter|scissors|CapableOf|writing
dress|boots|CapableOf|cover your full body
porcupine|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
freezer|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
seagull|duck|HasA|large wingspan
rocker|radio|CapableOf|be use for transportation
brow|throat|PartOf|makeup regimen
prince|father|AtLocation|in a royal family
whisky|sandwich|IsA|liquid
lemon|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
ankle|elbow|PartOf|lower body
bed|apartment|IsA|component of a home
donkey|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
zebra|crab|IsA|black and white
cupboard|sofa|UsedFor|storage
camel|frog|UsedFor|riding
groundhog|hare|AtLocation|on tree
rock|bolts|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
dress|coat|AtLocation|over your knees
cherry|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
lemon|plum|HasProperty|yellow
wasp|turtle|IsA|insect
harpsichord|harp|HasA|ivory keys
cabin|inn|IsA|place to live permanently
boat|scooter|HasProperty|consuming fuel
bed|inn|IsA|component of a home
mirror|lantern|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
fingers|shoulder|AtLocation|below where a watch is
liquor|steak|IsA|liquid
leg|walls|PartOf|body
shotgun|barrel|UsedFor|bullets
banana|pear|HasA|usually inedible skin
mink|groundhog|IsA|rodent
frog|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
flute|piano|HasA|reed to make it work
tuba|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
bone|liver|AtLocation|on your head
girl|nurse|UsedFor|transportation
arm|ankle|PartOf|an appendage
aunt|man|CapableOf|become pregnant 
gown|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
socks|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
knife|stick|HasA|sharp edge
girl|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
buzzard|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
dress|boots|AtLocation|upper part of body
coat|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
paintbrush|drill|UsedFor|writing
car|skateboard|HasA|an engine
steak|sandwich|IsA|meat
tap|tape|CapableOf|provide water
cousin|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
crayon|spatula|UsedFor|drawing or painting
knees|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
tuna|zebra|HasA|fins
fingers|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
bolts|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
brush|typewriter|HasA|bushy tail
radio|rocker|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
bolts|rock|MadeOf|metal/steel
tape|rope|UsedFor|sticking
arm|shoulder|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
willow|broom|HasProperty|alive
skirt|bag|IsA|piece of clothing
ankle|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
dishwasher|colander|IsA|automatic (works itself)
lemon|tomato|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
caribou|gorilla|HasA|horn
plastic|metal|CapableOf|burn
duck|kite|CapableOf|be a household pet
wasp|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
fingers|ceiling|PartOf|body
butter|chocolate|IsA|diary food
window|tower|PartOf|house
mink|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
screws|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
zebra|asparagus|HasA|legs
soup|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
squirrel|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
vulture|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
thigh|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
sheep|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
eye|blood|HasA|bones
rope|magazine|IsA|mostly black in colour
lime|cucumber|IsA|fruit
rabbit|tiger|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
floor|roof|AtLocation|at ground level
alligator|iguana|HasProperty|dangerous
perch|salmon|IsA|one syllable word
brow|neck|PartOf|face
cat|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
plug|bolts|IsA|electric 
piano|harp|HasA|ivory keys
daughter|cousin|CapableOf|become pregnant 
doctor|actress|AtLocation|in a hospital
girlfriend|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
goat|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
daughter|king|IsA|direct relation
coconut|prune|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
rope|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
birch|bayonet|HasProperty|alive
fridge|closet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
mixer|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
wasp|flea|CapableOf|fly
beaver|fawn|IsA|herbivore
roof|neck|IsA|part of a building
bathroom|roof|CapableOf|be opened/closed
hawk|starling|HasA|large wing span
pants|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
owl|duck|HasProperty|a predator
jeans|jacket|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
canoe|truck|AtLocation|in water
blood|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
bagpipe|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
drill|pliers|UsedFor|screwing
toe|neck|PartOf|lower body
thigh|neck|PartOf|lower body
grenade|tank|CapableOf|be held in a hand
gorilla|hyena|IsA|herbivore
hand|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
oven|blender|UsedFor|cooking food
raspberry|avocado|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
mug|spoon|MadeOf|ceramic materials
drill|pistol|UsedFor|harm
ox|camel|HasA|horn
groundhog|mole|HasProperty|originated from north america
plug|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
blood|muscle|HasProperty|liquid
elbow|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
yacht|boat|HasA|wheels
guitar|accordion|HasA|strings
mother|doctor|IsA|family member
knees|foot|IsA|joint
cucumber|onions|HasProperty|green
church|bed|IsA|religious place
pencil|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
rifle|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
crayon|chisel|CapableOf|writing
leg|fingers|PartOf|pair
hose|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
caribou|leopard|IsA|has horns
sled|bike|UsedFor|riding on water
pants|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
canoe|tank|AtLocation|in water
elbow|leg|IsA|joint
wasp|spider|HasProperty|typically able to fly
skunk|alligator|IsA|mammal
orange|strawberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
pear|lemon|IsA|physical fruit or veg
spider|frog|CapableOf|kill a human
razor|brush|HasA|sharp edge
kidney|nail|IsA|limb
alligator|porcupine|CapableOf|hunt other animals
flute|tuba|HasA|reed to make it work
plum|banana|HasA|stone inside
banana|raspberry|HasA|peel
leg|toe|HasProperty|a large part
wife|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
fan|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
hose|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
brush|stick|UsedFor|grooming
leg|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
lobster|asparagus|HasA|legs
dog|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
church|bridge|UsedFor|religious gathering
blouse|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
mink|rabbit|HasProperty|4 letters long
liver|arm|AtLocation|inside
cranberry|orange|IsA|fruit
grapefruit|pear|HasProperty|red
floor|roof|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
harp|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
cat|goat|UsedFor|food products
radio|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
mixer|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
chandelier|lantern|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
bison|frog|HasA|fur
airplane|bowl|CapableOf|fly
deer|crocodile|HasA|big horns/tusk
hand|knee|HasProperty|upper body
cod|squid|IsA|fish
aunt|actress|IsA|family member
olive|orange|HasProperty|green
hose|gun|IsA|vessel
frog|horse|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
toe|hand|HasProperty|lower body
zebra|cougar|HasA|hooves
camel|bison|IsA|teeth
rabbit|coyote|IsA|herbivore
peach|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
thigh|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
tuna|trout|CapableOf|come in a tin
hair|liver|AtLocation|on your head
crab|shrimp|HasA|big claws
plum|raspberry|HasA|stone 
razor|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
donkey|sheep|UsedFor|food products
pine|bed|HasProperty|alive
wasp|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
wrist|fingers|PartOf|pair/no more than two
cathedral|gate|UsedFor|religious gatherings
drill|barrel|CapableOf|use electricity
plum|strawberry|HasA|stone 
camel|leopard|IsA|herbivore
walls|leg|PartOf|room
seagull|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
oven|freezer|UsedFor|heating items up
trousers|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
pants|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
knee|neck|PartOf|lower body
plum|prune|HasA|stone 
elbow|kidney|HasA|bones
skirt|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
fingers|neck|HasProperty|plural
neck|brow|AtLocation|below mouth
knee|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
typewriter|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
hare|porcupine|CapableOf|be held 
tank|sailboat|HasA|an engine
neck|leg|HasProperty|upper body
skirt|shirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
daughter|nurse|HasA|a blood relation with you
banana|prune|HasA|peel
shoulder|leg|IsA|joint
coconut|strawberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
toaster|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
beetle|snail|HasA|wings
neck|bar|PartOf|body
saxophone|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
prince|son|IsA|title
freezer|bed|CapableOf|be plumbed in
cow|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
hyena|camel|IsA|type of big cat
mixer|hose|HasProperty|related with electricity
pepper|tomato|IsA|vegetable
ladle|dishwasher|CapableOf|be held in your hand
rope|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
bison|elephant|HasA|hooves
drill|hose|CapableOf|use electricity
radio|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
doctor|nurse|HasProperty|male
hand|floor|PartOf|body
son|daughter|IsA|male
tomato|olive|HasA|seeds
screws|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
rocker|wheel|IsA|related to music 
girlfriend|cousin|IsA|family member
apartment|chapel|IsA|place to live permanently
raspberry|prune|AtLocation|be found on a bush
arm|neck|PartOf|an appendage
sauce|butter|MadeOf|several ingredients
brush|pen|UsedFor|brushing
freezer|door|IsA|electrical appliance
banjo|harp|HasA|neck
mixer|clamp|CapableOf|be turned on
banana|grapefruit|HasProperty|sweet
wheel|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
beaver|coyote|AtLocation|on tree
liver|skin|AtLocation|inside
tap|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
skirt|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
pipe|pistol|IsA|vessel
pliers|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pen|chisel|CapableOf|writing
mink|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
goat|horse|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
stereo|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
microwave|sink|UsedFor|making food
gate|cottage|IsA|component of a home
microwave|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
lemon|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
woman|worker|IsA|female (strictly)
ankle|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
deck|roof|PartOf|room
hand|shoulder|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
scissors|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
fingers|hand|HasProperty|something people have ten of
neck|ankle|IsA|limb
goat|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
toaster|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
uncle|daughter|IsA|family member
jet|boat|AtLocation|in the air
elbow|fingers|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
shrimp|catfish|HasA|legs
scissors|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
tap|tape|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
skin|eye|IsA|limb
arm|bar|PartOf|human body
neck|liver|HasA|bones
lime|coconut|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
pencil|spatula|UsedFor|drawing or painting
leg|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
tuna|crab|IsA|fish
candle|mirror|CapableOf|be set alight with match
donkey|frog|UsedFor|riding
pants|sack|IsA|worn on the lower body
tower|finger|IsA|part of a building
falcon|kite|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
banjo|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
dishwasher|blender|IsA|larger than a child
liver|muscle|IsA|cancer related card
chandelier|scarf|MadeOf|glass
harmonica|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
sister|actress|HasA|blood relation with you
girlfriend|doctor|IsA|family member
knees|leg|IsA|joint
girl|worker|HasA|color
barrel|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
trumpet|tuba|UsedFor|sound
gate|church|IsA|component of a home
kite|hawk|PartOf|wild life
deer|tiger|IsA|has horns
daughter|actress|IsA|direct relation
rabbit|raccoon|AtLocation|underground
hare|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
lobster|zebra|IsA|water animal
pen|stick|UsedFor|drawing or painting
elk|gorilla|IsA|has horns
aunt|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
mother|man|CapableOf|become pregnant 
screws|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
bolts|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
catfish|shrimp|HasA|fins
elbow|kidney|IsA|organ
trombone|banjo|CapableOf|be blown into
magazine|rope|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
shoes|skirt|PartOf|pair
kettle|pot|MadeOf|metal
cathedral|chapel|AtLocation|at christian belief country
scissors|paintbrush|MadeOf|only metal
magazine|plug|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
wrist|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
coyote|groundhog|IsA|predator
scissors|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
prune|avocado|HasA|edible skin
tap|clamp|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
plug|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
hose|magazine|IsA|mostly black in colour
finger|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
razor|crayon|CapableOf|be used for hair
rabbit|potato|IsA|animal
stereo|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
orange|cherry|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
brush|drill|UsedFor|grooming
chisel|pencil|IsA|construction tool
tractor|bike|HasProperty|consuming fuel
skis|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
cheetah|camel|IsA|like a cat
buffalo|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
hare|beaver|HasA|long ear
finger|brow|AtLocation|below mouth
cow|cat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
pineapple|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
raft|bike|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
apartment|tent|IsA|permanent structure
snail|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
scarf|candle|CapableOf|be worn
rocker|hose|IsA|related to music 
butterfly|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly
boy|nurse|HasProperty|steel
jeans|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
pineapple|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
lantern|mirror|CapableOf|generate light
goat|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pony|deer|AtLocation|jungle
grenade|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
leopard|giraffe|IsA|predator 
skunk|rabbit|HasProperty|5 letters long
goat|cow|HasA|fur
bar|arm|PartOf|house
walls|hand|IsA|part of a building
owl|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
wife|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
thigh|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
orange|pepper|IsA|fruit
nurse|woman|IsA|job or profession
mother|girl|IsA|family member
lemon|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
boat|truck|AtLocation|in water
dress|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
crayon|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
radio|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
finger|leg|HasProperty|related with hand
arm|finger|PartOf|pair/no more than two
chandelier|cigarette|CapableOf|generate light
dog|elephant|HasA|fur
aunt|man|HasProperty|female
gate|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
walls|leg|PartOf|house
cherry|pear|HasA|stone inside
roof|ceiling|UsedFor|tiling
cat|squirrel|IsA|common pet
kite|pelican|IsA|bird of prey
eye|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
pistol|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
arm|finger|AtLocation|on furniture
stereo|hose|IsA|electronic device
elephant|caribou|HasA|thick body
inn|tent|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
pliers|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
pistol|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
magazine|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
goat|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
grapefruit|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
hose|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
duck|falcon|HasProperty|domesticated
tap|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
orange|tomato|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
crocodile|cart|IsA|an animal
wine|salad|IsA|liquid
alligator|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
aunt|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
snail|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
ankle|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
kite|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
donkey|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
crocodile|horse|IsA|teeth
cockroach|cat|CapableOf|flying
mouth|neck|UsedFor|eating
shoes|trousers|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
bone|nail|AtLocation|inside
knee|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
mouth|throat|HasProperty|used for tasting
cherry|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
son|prince|IsA|family member
jacket|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
magazine|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
leg|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
daughter|cousin|IsA|direct relation with you
wasp|beetle|CapableOf|fly
blood|toe|AtLocation|inside
groundhog|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
knee|finger|AtLocation|below waist
sister|princess|PartOf|your family
mother|princess|PartOf|close blood relative
cat|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
son|king|IsA|direct relation
comb|pliers|UsedFor|hair
tower|floor|HasProperty|typically vertical
belt|drill|UsedFor|restraining things
bagpipe|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
elephant|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
scarf|tray|IsA|item of clothing
airplane|saucer|HasA|wings
wheel|skateboard|PartOf|bicycle
girlfriend|boy|CapableOf|become pregnant 
bathroom|neck|IsA|part of a building
raspberry|grapefruit|HasProperty|sweet
violin|accordion|HasA|strings
mole|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
skis|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
bed|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
deer|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
mug|bucket|AtLocation|in the kitchen
dress|pants|IsA|typically female clothing item
elbow|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
radio|fan|CapableOf|make sound
cougar|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
princess|daughter|HasProperty|royalty
coconut|onions|IsA|fruit
cucumber|avocado|IsA|vegetable
bedroom|curtains|CapableOf|contain items
sheep|cat|IsA|teeth
screws|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
roof|tower|AtLocation|above your head in general
car|bike|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
cello|flute|MadeOf|strings
arm|room|PartOf|body
wheelbarrow|gown|IsA|an accessory
bathroom|floor|CapableOf|be opened/closed
mother|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
fan|rock|IsA|mostly black in colour
flute|piano|HasA|valves
wife|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
finger|lips|AtLocation|below mouth
leg|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
perch|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
mixer|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
goat|crocodile|HasA|fur
vulture|hawk|PartOf|wild life
coat|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
car|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
pants|tray|CapableOf|be worn
coat|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
paper|metal|IsA|fragile
rabbit|mole|HasA|long ear
muscle|body|AtLocation|in the torso
tap|clamp|CapableOf|be turned on
tuba|flute|IsA|brass instrument
boat|bike|UsedFor|riding on water
lobster|octopus|HasA|shell
elk|camel|IsA|has horns
thigh|shoulder|UsedFor|walking
bagpipe|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
eagle|stork|HasA|large wing span
caribou|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
clock|lamp|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
bridge|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
tractor|tank|HasA|wheels
knee|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
drill|grenade|CapableOf|use electricity
mixer|wheel|CapableOf|make sound
leg|ceiling|PartOf|human body
celery|onions|HasProperty|green (most part)
window|tower|PartOf|room
orange|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
hose|tape|CapableOf|provide water
stereo|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
groundhog|deer|CapableOf|go underground
cod|chicken|IsA|water animal
bridge|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
boots|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
bathroom|roof|PartOf|a house
orange|garlic|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
garlic|eggplant|HasProperty|needs peeling
radio|faucet|IsA|related to music 
piano|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
knife|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
leopard|crocodile|PartOf|the cat family
mink|skunk|CapableOf|climb on tree
car|buggy|HasA|two rows of seats
mole|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
trumpet|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
piano|trumpet|HasA|keyboard
boots|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
hand|ceiling|PartOf|body
gun|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
bathroom|room|HasA|glass
man|worker|IsA|head
trousers|jacket|IsA|worn on the lower body
worker|princess|IsA|male
cloak|umbrella|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
fingers|arm|HasProperty|plural
ant|cat|IsA|bug
fridge|colander|CapableOf|hold water
bar|leg|PartOf|house
goat|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
buggy|skis|HasA|an engine
raccoon|rabbit|CapableOf|climb trees
elk|beaver|HasA|hooves
hose|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
woman|man|CapableOf|become pregnant 
door|bedroom|CapableOf|opening/closing
buggy|wheel|HasA|wheels
skin|body|AtLocation|on your head
banjo|accordion|MadeOf|strings
neck|finger|AtLocation|on furniture
sauce|potatoes|MadeOf|several ingredients
eel|shrimp|HasA|fins
screwdriver|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
actress|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
rattlesnake|snail|IsA|long animal
bolts|plug|MadeOf|metal/steel
rope|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
shoes|dress|CapableOf|keep legs warm
elk|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
banjo|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
tiger|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
guitar|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
accordion|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
orange|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
rocket|grenade|CapableOf|use electricity
pants|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
harpsichord|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
tank|rifle|HasA|caterpillar treads
perch|mackerel|IsA|one syllable word
blender|spoon|IsA|appliance
boat|wheel|HasProperty|consuming fuel
knee|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
groundhog|skunk|AtLocation|underground
tank|hose|UsedFor|shooting
hand|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
dog|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
groundhog|rabbit|AtLocation|on tree
hose|rock|IsA|mostly black in colour
nurse|father|HasProperty|a profession
crocodile|bison|IsA|predator 
milk|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
violin|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
walls|hand|PartOf|building
hyena|buffalo|IsA|type of cat
lemon|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
bedroom|wall|CapableOf|open/close
bedroom|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
cod|catfish|IsA|one syllable word
thigh|arm|PartOf|lower body
screws|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
worker|boy|IsA|profession
turtle|rattlesnake|HasA|a shell
elk|skunk|HasA|hooves
saxophone|tuba|HasA|reed to make it work
eye|body|AtLocation|on you head
cow|donkey|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
kettle|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
giraffe|gorilla|HasA|hooves
brush|pencil|HasA|bushy tail
coyote|alligator|IsA|mammal
wheel|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
rifle|wheel|CapableOf|be launched/fired
shoulder|neck|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
tank|scooter|HasProperty|consuming fuel
mackerel|chicken|IsA|fish
alligator|mole|CapableOf|live in water
catfish|lobster|HasA|fins
dishwasher|sink|HasProperty|electrically powered
cousin|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
arm|elbow|AtLocation|below where a watch is
hose|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
meat|chocolate|IsA|colour red
leg|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
pipe|cannon|CapableOf|transport liquids
deer|hare|HasA|horn
lemon|olive|IsA|fruit
peach|plum|IsA|red  or orang
shield|jacket|UsedFor|protection
stereo|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rocket|plate|CapableOf|use electricity
fawn|squirrel|HasA|hooves
pants|gown|HasA|two seperate pant legs
carpet|wall|CapableOf|be sat on
dishwasher|ladle|HasProperty|electrically powered
pencil|spatula|AtLocation|construction site
window|neck|PartOf|house
cat|frog|IsA|common pet
faucet|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
king|son|IsA|title
cannon|drill|CapableOf|used in war
knees|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
elephant|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
toe|arm|PartOf|lower body
sandwich|soup|HasA|vegetable(s)
wrist|finger|IsA|joint
bison|horse|IsA|carnivore 
saxophone|bagpipe|IsA|brass instrument
wall|carpet|UsedFor|lighting
tongue|brow|UsedFor|eating
groundhog|skunk|HasProperty|originated from north america
fingers|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
bathroom|roof|HasProperty|enclosed
arm|bathroom|PartOf|human body
duck|rabbit|HasA|wings
cannon|rope|UsedFor|shooting
gun|bolts|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
chisel|drill|HasA|sharp edge
shield|cloak|IsA|logo
radio|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
plate|rifle|UsedFor|harm
rocker|clamp|CapableOf|make sound
neck|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
milk|beer|IsA|diary food
tape|bolts|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
finger|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
rope|rock|IsA|mostly black in colour
pistol|rope|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
bolts|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
walls|room|UsedFor|tiling
oven|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
trousers|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
squid|trout|HasA|legs
beaver|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
skirt|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
car|skis|HasA|an engine
cupboard|tray|UsedFor|storage
prune|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
raccoon|skunk|AtLocation|water usually
shirt|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
socks|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
sack|blouse|IsA|an accessory
squirrel|raccoon|IsA|rodent
crocodile|cow|AtLocation|jungle
squid|cod|IsA|mollusk
paintbrush|screwdriver|UsedFor|painting
camel|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
car|wheel|HasA|engine
clarinet|tuba|HasA|reed to make it work
buffalo|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
finger|walls|PartOf|human body
cod|perch|IsA|name begging with c
plate|screws|IsA|vessel
salad|soup|HasProperty|two syllables
neck|muscle|HasA|bones
eagle|pigeon|IsA|bird of prey
tray|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
neck|bar|IsA|body part
blood|toe|AtLocation|on your head
prune|pear|HasA|stone inside
fan|tape|MadeOf|steel mainly
bone|body|AtLocation|on your head
finger|room|PartOf|human body
onions|beans|HasProperty|yellow or orange
bathroom|tower|PartOf|room
liver|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
meat|milk|IsA|colour red
bacon|soup|HasProperty|a single item
cheese|orange|HasA|eatable shell or peel
neck|leg|PartOf|the upper body
jeans|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
tuna|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
knee|arm|AtLocation|below waist
caribou|cougar|UsedFor|travel
microwave|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
eggplant|corn|IsA|purple vegetable
boots|wheelbarrow|IsA|piece of clothing
muscle|arm|AtLocation|inside
skirt|blouse|IsA|worn on the lower body
scissors|typewriter|UsedFor|crafts
chandelier|mirror|UsedFor|providing light
wheel|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
falcon|starling|HasA|large wingspan
daughter|cousin|IsA|family member
walls|leg|PartOf|building
helicopter|ship|HasA|the ability to fly
kidney|body|AtLocation|on the inside
mink|otter|HasProperty|4 letters long
trumpet|harp|IsA|wind instrument
sled|jeep|UsedFor|riding on water
rabbit|cat|IsA|teeth
drill|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
caribou|cougar|HasA|horn
faucet|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
sink|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
eel|zebra|IsA|water animal
milk|soup|IsA|liquid
elbow|shoulder|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
skirt|jacket|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
tiger|dog|IsA|teeth
fan|wheel|CapableOf|be turned on
crab|asparagus|HasA|legs
tomato|pepper|IsA|fruit
donkey|horse|IsA|teeth
toe|nail|HasA|bones
crocodile|deer|IsA|predator 
fridge|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pen|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
sheep|donkey|UsedFor|a source of milk
squirrel|skunk|HasProperty|originated from north america
pony|frog|UsedFor|riding
hyena|giraffe|IsA|type of cat
raspberry|banana|HasProperty|red
pencil|typewriter|AtLocation|construction site
hose|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
elk|camel|HasA|horn or antler
drill|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
rifle|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
crayon|pliers|UsedFor|writing
dishwasher|spoon|IsA|electric powered item
skunk|rabbit|AtLocation|on tree
wrist|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
saxophone|piano|HasA|reed to make it work
eye|skin|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
donkey|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
arm|bathroom|PartOf|body
elbow|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
hare|mole|HasA|long tail
ant|spider|IsA|crustecean
arm|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
apartment|oak|UsedFor|human living
octopus|chicken|IsA|mollusk
rifle|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
dress|jeans|IsA|typically female clothing item
cherry|banana|HasProperty|red
arm|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
woman|worker|HasProperty|a female
chisel|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
rabbit|onions|IsA|n animal
nurse|man|IsA|profession
otter|raccoon|UsedFor|swimming
pistol|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
rifle|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
tent|apartment|HasA| 5 letters or less
pistol|bolts|CapableOf|be launched/fired
saxophone|piano|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
skateboard|sailboat|HasA|wheels
dog|frog|HasA|fur
lime|corn|HasProperty|green
flea|cat|HasProperty|an insect
frog|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
blender|colander|CapableOf|be held in your hand
avocado|onions|IsA|green vegetable
eye|body|AtLocation|below the knee
banjo|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
floor|neck|PartOf|house
lamp|scarf|UsedFor|providing light
skirt|dress|HasProperty|worn below the waist
wrist|elbow|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
bison|elk|IsA|violent creature
rabbit|cow|PartOf|jumping
trombone|flute|HasA|start with a t
tap|rock|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
gun|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
orange|corn|IsA|fruit
dog|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
truck|scooter|CapableOf|hold more than one person
buggy|skateboard|HasProperty|consuming fuel
tongue|nose|UsedFor|eating
soup|butter|IsA|liquid
neck|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
saxophone|banjo|CapableOf|be blown into
saxophone|trombone|HasA|reed to make it work
ankle|neck|AtLocation|bottom half of body
elk|elephant|IsA|specific type of deer
bolts|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
mother|boy|CapableOf|become pregnant 
ankle|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
tank|bolts|CapableOf|use electricity
room|finger|IsA|part of a building
screws|hose|UsedFor|building
cat|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
guitar|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
giraffe|camel|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
cello|bagpipe|HasA|strings
avocado|eggplant|HasProperty|green
elbow|liver|IsA|organ
walls|bar|PartOf|room
guitar|harp|HasA|neck
bike|yacht|HasA|wheels
camel|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
razor|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
camel|bison|AtLocation|in hot climates 
bike|skis|CapableOf|roll
snail|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
beetle|wasp|IsA|crustecean
orange|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
hose|rock|CapableOf|provide water
helicopter|saucer|UsedFor|transportation
avocado|prune|HasA|stone 
cheetah|buffalo|IsA|type of cat
girl|father|CapableOf|become pregnant 
stereo|hose|IsA|electric 
avocado|pear|HasA|single hard pit
avocado|cherry|HasA|big seed
shrimp|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
bike|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
knees|forearm|PartOf|lower body
neck|tower|IsA|body part
cathedral|bridge|UsedFor|religious gathering
plug|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
tower|finger|PartOf|building
shoulder|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
hawk|seagull|HasA|large wing span
king|father|IsA|title
banjo|trumpet|HasA|strings
turtle|snail|IsA|amphibian
duck|eagle|AtLocation|at a beach
eye|toe|AtLocation|inside
knife|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
raccoon|rabbit|AtLocation|water usually
bridge|house|HasA| place for worship
yacht|bike|AtLocation|in water
elephant|sheep|UsedFor|riding
elbow|toe|IsA|upper body part
actress|girl|IsA|profession
window|leg|PartOf|house
fridge|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
camel|caribou|AtLocation|in hot climates 
brow|finger|PartOf|face
tap|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
alligator|mole|IsA|predator
rifle|rope|UsedFor|shooting
daughter|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
boat|scooter|UsedFor|water
pigeon|hawk|HasProperty|domesticated
bedroom|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
hand|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
tiger|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
neck|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
goat|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
bacon|soup|IsA|meat
toaster|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
hawk|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
clamp|hose|UsedFor|restraining things
vulture|duck|HasA|long beak
hose|screws|CapableOf|transport liquids
alligator|hare|CapableOf|live in water
father|brother|IsA|parentage relation
rope|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
hose|bolts|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
mirror|scarf|MadeOf|glass
groundhog|rabbit|CapableOf|climb trees
actress|doctor|IsA|female (strictly)
wheel|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
boots|trousers|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
tap|tape|HasA|a type of metal
deer|zebra|HasA|antlers/tusks
bolts|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cherry|avocado|IsA|fruit
kidney|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
mole|skunk|AtLocation|underground
pliers|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
jeans|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
catfish|squid|HasA|fins
cousin|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
flute|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
pony|dog|UsedFor|riding
bar|fingers|IsA|part of a building
rattlesnake|coyote|CapableOf|hunt other animals
cottage|bedroom|UsedFor|human living
fan|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
microwave|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
horse|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
nurse|cousin|HasProperty|a profession
caribou|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
avocado|pear|HasA|stone inside
daughter|nurse|HasProperty|two syllables
tiger|deer|IsA|type of big cat
buggy|canoe|MadeOf|metal
skirt|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
gun|hose|IsA|firearm
pipe|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
blood|leg|AtLocation|inside
father|worker|IsA|family member
foot|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
cannon|rocket|IsA|weapon
birch|bayonet|IsA|tree
crocodile|giraffe|AtLocation|in water
doctor|aunt|HasProperty|male
sister|princess|IsA|direct relation
gate|church|HasA|own altar
deck|hand|PartOf|room
cod|mackerel|IsA|name begging with c
bridge|apartment|IsA|component of a home
blood|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
mixer|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
kettle|sink|HasA|power supply
goat|deer|HasA|fur
trousers|shoes|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
cow|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
shirt|bag|HasA|sleeves
cherry|avocado|HasA|edible skin (usually)
leopard|hyena|PartOf|the cat family
ankle|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
shoulder|neck|IsA|joint
goat|tomato|IsA|meat or animal
cousin|wife|IsA|male
milk|soup|UsedFor|drinking
scarf|lantern|AtLocation|on neck
ant|turtle|PartOf|water
comb|screwdriver|UsedFor|grooming
rabbit|mole|HasA|big ears
cherry|pear|HasA|single hard pit
hose|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
daughter|princess|IsA|direct relation
rocker|faucet|IsA|related to music 
chandelier|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
stork|vulture|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
paintbrush|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
tractor|truck|UsedFor|farming
chicken|onions|IsA|n animal
tiger|pony|IsA|carnivore 
father|actress|HasProperty|male
toilet|cupboard|CapableOf|be plumbed in
hyena|crocodile|IsA|like a cat
hut|cottage|HasA| 5 letters or less
roof|leg|PartOf|house
radio|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
bike|wheel|HasA|wheels
blender|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
helicopter|balloon|CapableOf|fly
elephant|cat|UsedFor|riding
fingers|shoulder|HasA|more than one joint
tank|tray|CapableOf|destroy a building
blouse|candle|IsA|item of clothing
tent|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
gate|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
grapefruit|raspberry|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
elephant|elk|HasA|thick body
tomato|onions|HasProperty|red
hose|stereo|UsedFor|dispensing water
liver|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
shirt|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
shoes|jeans|UsedFor|feet
pants|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
apartment|barn|IsA|place to live permanently
cougar|bison|IsA|type of big cat
meal|supper|HasA|vegetable(s)
ant|butterfly|IsA|crustecean
father|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
mink|mole|UsedFor|swimming
tank|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
lantern|mirror|MadeOf|metal
cat|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
chicken|asparagus|AtLocation|on a farm
kite|pigeon|IsA|bird of prey
blender|freezer|UsedFor|making food
cello|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
pony|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
leg|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
stereo|plug|IsA|related to music 
foot|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
faucet|bolts|CapableOf|be turned on
flea|squirrel|IsA|insect
plug|clamp|AtLocation|kitchen
guitar|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
tap|plug|IsA|mostly black in colour
gown|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
leg|finger|AtLocation|below waist
foot|fingers|PartOf|lower body
typewriter|scissors|UsedFor|writing
beer|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
beans|lemon|IsA|vegetable
jet|bowl|HasA|wings
actress|nurse|IsA|female (strictly)
tuba|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
jeep|buggy|HasA|two rows of seats
orange|banana|IsA|red  or orang
faucet|rock|CapableOf|be turned on
shotgun|tank|UsedFor|bullets
mother|actress|HasA|color
ankle|hair|AtLocation|below your waist
brush|pencil|UsedFor|brushing
tank|rifle|IsA|vessel
cranberry|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
bed|cottage|HasA|start with a b
toaster|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
grenade|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
camel|cougar|HasA|hooves
faucet|fan|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
knee|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
mother|princess|HasA|blood relation with you
son|daughter|IsA|family member
cello|harpsichord|HasA|strings
gun|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
deer|camel|HasA|hooves
clarinet|piano|MadeOf|strings
lantern|necklace|CapableOf|generate light
soup|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
crocodile|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
eye|liver|AtLocation|on your head
lobster|eel|HasA|legs
toaster|fridge|UsedFor|making food
finger|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
typewriter|drill|CapableOf|writing
alligator|squirrel|IsA|predator
bar|hand|IsA|part of a building
bathroom|arm|PartOf|house
chapel|barn|IsA|religious place
boy|mother|HasProperty|steel
peach|banana|HasA|single hard pit
knee|hand|PartOf|lower body
clarinet|piano|UsedFor|blowing
wife|actress|IsA|family member
buggy|raft|HasA|an engine
cloak|jacket|HasA|male on it
thigh|elbow|UsedFor|walking
ceiling|leg|PartOf|building
oven|sink|UsedFor|making food
cello|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
fawn|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
lamp|scarf|UsedFor|a light source
mixer|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
princess|girl|IsA|occupation
porcupine|rabbit|AtLocation|on tree
elbow|neck|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
leg|neck|AtLocation|bottom half of body
horse|tiger|AtLocation|in africa
bacon|salad|IsA|meat
blood|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
knees|neck|AtLocation|below waist
wrist|leg|PartOf|upper body
mink|rabbit|HasA|long tail
skunk|hare|AtLocation|on  a tree
scooter|skis|HasA|circular component 
bison|gorilla|HasA|horn
plug|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
closet|sink|UsedFor|storage
zebra|leopard|IsA|herbivore
buggy|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
drill|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
sheep|rabbit|UsedFor|a source of milk
floor|neck|IsA|part of a building
thigh|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
paintbrush|pliers|UsedFor|crafts
squirrel|coyote|IsA|herbivore
shrimp|zebra|IsA|water animal
muscle|ankle|AtLocation|inside
sink|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
pipe|bolts|CapableOf|hold water
raspberry|grapefruit|HasA|(usually) edible skin
butter|salad|IsA|diary food
kettle|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
ceiling|room|PartOf|garage
crayon|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing
floor|finger|PartOf|house
father|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
bison|gorilla|AtLocation|in water
pear|grapefruit|HasA|(usually) edible skin
pipe|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
leopard|buffalo|IsA|type of cat
prune|avocado|HasA|edible skin (usually)
hair|body|AtLocation|on your head
elk|cheetah|IsA|has horns
eel|shrimp|IsA|fish
camel|hyena|IsA|herbivore
microwave|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
groundhog|porcupine|CapableOf|go underground
foot|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
mink|rabbit|CapableOf|climb on tree
bed|fridge|HasProperty|in the bedroom
corn|coconut|IsA|vegetable
liquor|milk|HasProperty|alcoholic
gate|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
roof|bar|HasA|diagram on it
barrel|strainer|UsedFor|storing wine
fridge|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
razor|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
mackerel|eel|HasA|fins
groundhog|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
pistol|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
arm|knees|PartOf|upper body
trout|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
wheel|screws|HasProperty|circular
flute|clarinet|MadeOf|woodwind
grenade|hose|CapableOf|used in war
eye|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
tuna|crab|HasA|fins
window|room|PartOf|room
garlic|beans|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
broccoli|lemon|IsA|vegetable
microwave|fridge|UsedFor|making food
elbow|neck|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
alligator|iguana|CapableOf|go under underwater
broccoli|olive|HasProperty|green
candle|necklace|UsedFor|a light source
brush|knife|UsedFor|grooming
mirror|cigarette|MadeOf|/contain glass
wheel|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
dress|candle|IsA|item of clothing
elephant|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
moth|cockroach|HasA|wings
blouse|banner|HasProperty|something that can be worn
window|fingers|PartOf|house
doctor|woman|IsA|male
banjo|trombone|MadeOf|strings
radio|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
brow|neck|PartOf|makeup regimen
car|skis|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
falcon|pelican|IsA|bird of prey
celery|eggplant|HasProperty|green (most part)
guitar|flute|MadeOf|strings
knife|spatula|HasA|sharp edge
accordion|flute|MadeOf|strings
forearm|knees|AtLocation|upper body
otter|raccoon|HasProperty|5 letters long
tray|bottle|HasA|handle
chicken|lamb|HasA|wings
harmonica|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
saucer|balloon|UsedFor|food
tape|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
wrist|knees|PartOf|upper body
shotgun|cannon|UsedFor|bullets
bison|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
liquor|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
fawn|hare|PartOf|herd
crab|cod|HasA|legs/tentacles 
church|tent|IsA|religious place
mackerel|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
arm|neck|HasProperty|related with hand
rifle|grenade|CapableOf|blow things up
car|scooter|HasA|engine
hose|magazine|UsedFor|a vehicle
pants|dress|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
crayon|typewriter|UsedFor|drawing or painting
shoes|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
bayonet|birch|IsA|weapon 
lemon|olive|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
knee|arm|IsA|joint
cherry|pear|HasA|stone 
boat|skateboard|HasA|an engine
wife|cousin|IsA|direct or immediate relation
squirrel|beaver|HasProperty|originated from north america
pliers|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
gate|house|AtLocation|at your home
broccoli|onions|IsA|green vegetable
mixer|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
skirt|socks|AtLocation|above the feet
dog|sheep|UsedFor|food products
foot|wrist|PartOf|lower body
robe|skirt|IsA|white object
raft|wheel|AtLocation|in water
skin|leg|IsA|limb
floor|finger|IsA|part of a building
skunk|raccoon|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
drill|screws|AtLocation|in a toolbox
radio|tap|CapableOf|make sound
ant|squirrel|IsA|bug
frog|cat|IsA|teeth
hose|rope|UsedFor|dispensing water
violin|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
squirrel|iguana|IsA|mammal
pipe|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
knees|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
drill|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
bone|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
catfish|asparagus|IsA|water animal
drill|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
toilet|tray|CapableOf|can you sit on it
bolts|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
coconut|avocado|IsA|fruit
skunk|tin|CapableOf|burn
gun|screws|IsA|firearm
hare|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
chandelier|cigarette|MadeOf|glass
dishwasher|sink|HasA|power supply
kettle|spoon|HasProperty|using electricity
alligator|squirrel|IsA|reptile
chapel|inn|IsA|place of worship
worm|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
cockroach|beetle|CapableOf|flying
thigh|hand|PartOf|lower body
doctor|mother|IsA|profession
shoes|sack|IsA|piece of clothing
shoulder|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
hand|toe|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
eye|skin|PartOf|the images displayed
comb|stick|UsedFor|grooming
elk|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
bed|building|AtLocation|at your home
radio|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
meat|milk|MadeOf|several ingredients
trousers|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
truck|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
pistol|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
neck|walls|IsA|body part
snail|turtle|IsA|insect
raccoon|otter|AtLocation|on  a tree
mixer|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
blouse|clock|IsA|item of clothing
bridge|gate|HasA|start with a b
seagull|dove|HasA|large wingspan
clarinet|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
rabbit|dog|IsA|teeth
daughter|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
bayonet|broom|IsA|weapon
hare|squirrel|HasA|long ear
ankle|arm|AtLocation|bottom half of body
mother|worker|IsA|family member
strawberry|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
pants|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
guitar|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
clamp|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
wheel|tap|UsedFor|a vehicle
cousin|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
wife|man|HasProperty|female
roof|tower|UsedFor|tiling
caribou|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
thigh|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
worker|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
hand|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
hose|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
raft|tank|AtLocation|in water
rifle|cannon|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
comb|stick|UsedFor|hair
doctor|mother|HasProperty|male
camel|elk|AtLocation|in hot climates 
goat|deer|UsedFor|a source of milk
barrel|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
goat|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
cat|donkey|IsA|typical pet
bedroom|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
knees|arm|IsA|plural
bagpipe|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
worker|father|IsA|profession
muscle|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
pistol|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
shoes|trousers|UsedFor|feet
parakeet|seagull|CapableOf|be a household pet
gun|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
fingers|roof|PartOf|body
wrist|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
prune|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
skin|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
sailboat|jeep|AtLocation|in water
cougar|camel|IsA|like a cat
banjo|tuba|MadeOf|strings
hyena|cougar|IsA|predator 
fan|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
wrist|finger|HasProperty|something humans have two of
stereo|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
skunk|otter|AtLocation|on  a tree
oven|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
cockroach|turtle|IsA|insect
cigarette|scarf|CapableOf|give off light/glow
barrel|drill|CapableOf|transport liquids
boots|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
elk|camel|HasA|antlers/tusks
boat|balloon|AtLocation|in water
mixer|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
tiger|cow|HasA|fur
sheep|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
butterfly|frog|CapableOf|flying
princess|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
horse|deer|UsedFor|a mode of transport
house|tent|HasProperty|made of concrete
pistol|rocket|CapableOf|fire bullets
forearm|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
faucet|plug|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
jeans|bag|IsA|piece of clothing
bedroom|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
banjo|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
goat|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
prune|avocado|UsedFor|smoothies
chandelier|necklace|CapableOf|give off light/glow
pipe|rope|CapableOf|contain water
woman|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
clarinet|trombone|HasA|reed to make it work
oven|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
prince|daughter|IsA|man
pen|typewriter|UsedFor|cutting
saxophone|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
cherry|plum|PartOf|group or bunch 
falcon|owl|HasA|large wing span
pen|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
pineapple|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
eye|neck|IsA|on the lower half 
pear|raspberry|HasA|peel
elephant|elk|AtLocation|in hot climates 
clamp|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
fingers|wrist|HasA|nails
dishwasher|sink|HasProperty|using electricity
socks|wheelbarrow|IsA|piece of clothing
fridge|colander|HasProperty|consuming electricity
dishwasher|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
knife|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
jet|ship|AtLocation|in the air
skis|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
trumpet|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
broccoli|corn|HasProperty|green (most part)
bison|giraffe|HasA|horn
raft|buggy|AtLocation|in water
elephant|camel|IsA|has horns
bedroom|bed|CapableOf|open/close
mixer|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
elbow|hand|HasA|less than three joints
knife|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
jeans|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
knees|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
wife|princess|HasA|marital relationship with you
cow|pony|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
skirt|gown|IsA|worn on the lower body
umbrella|jacket|IsA|white object
banana|plum|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
hose|stereo|CapableOf|provide water
caribou|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
body|skin|HasA|bones
plum|lemon|IsA|physical fruit or veg
cello|accordion|MadeOf|strings
pants|jacket|HasProperty|worn below the waist
blender|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
hair|neck|AtLocation|on your head
elephant|cat|CapableOf|kill a human
wrist|toe|HasProperty|something humans have two of
blender|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
trousers|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
bed|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
nurse|actress|AtLocation|in a hospital
plum|banana|HasA|single hard pit
skis|wheel|UsedFor|single person transport
crayon|knife|CapableOf|make holes 
father|man|IsA|family member
corn|lime|IsA|vegetable
clamp|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
turtle|iguana|IsA|amphibian
avocado|orange|HasProperty|green
sink|blender|UsedFor|washing dishes
building|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
sister|actress|IsA|direct relation
sailboat|jeep|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
grapefruit|pear|UsedFor|smoothies
wheel|rope|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
cart|horse|IsA|object
ankle|body|IsA|on the lower half 
cello|tuba|MadeOf|strings
father|prince|IsA|direct relation with you
blender|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
frog|goat|IsA|teeth
nurse|man|IsA|job or profession
milk|potatoes|MadeOf|cup
fan|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
faucet|radio|AtLocation|kitchen
microwave|freezer|UsedFor|cooking food
chisel|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
tower|bathroom|HasA|diagram on it
camel|hyena|HasA|hump 
scarf|mirror|AtLocation|neck
whisky|sauce|UsedFor|drinking
scissors|stick|HasA|sharp edge
knees|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
cat|donkey|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
grapefruit|banana|IsA|red  or orang
deck|floor|UsedFor|working with computer
drill|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
leopard|deer|IsA|predator 
walls|hand|PartOf|room
chapel|bridge|UsedFor|religious gatherings
bison|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
mirror|candle|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
coat|skirt|HasProperty|a long clothing item
cupboard|carpet|MadeOf|wood typically
wrist|arm|HasA|less than three joints
vulture|starling|HasProperty|a predator
toe|eye|AtLocation|below your waist
wasp|frog|CapableOf|flying
wasp|cat|IsA|insect
microwave|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
butterfly|beetle|HasProperty|typically able to fly
mink|squirrel|HasProperty|4 letters long
trumpet|flute|IsA|brass instrument
avocado|onions|IsA|fruit
ant|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
skirt|clock|IsA|item of clothing
bed|stove|HasProperty|in the bedroom
hyena|deer|IsA|type of big cat
typewriter|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
tiger|horse|HasA|fur
alligator|skunk|IsA|predator
eye|muscle|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
catfish|lobster|IsA|fish
liver|blood|IsA|limb
pants|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
finger|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
elephant|tiger|AtLocation|in africa
cod|octopus|HasA|fins
avocado|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
girlfriend|princess|IsA|family member
faucet|mixer|CapableOf|work without electricity
tractor|raft|HasA|an engine
bridge|barn|IsA|component of a home
cupboard|bed|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
jeans|gown|IsA|worn on the lower body
banana|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
magazine|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
eagle|pelican|IsA|bird of prey
dishwasher|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
tape|clamp|AtLocation|kitchen
faucet|tape|CapableOf|provide water
cannon|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
fingers|foot|PartOf|the upper body
mother|aunt|IsA|direct or immediate relation
bone|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
fawn|mole|HasA|horn
tomato|broccoli|IsA|fruit
roof|window|AtLocation|above your head in general
pony|rabbit|HasA|hooves
aunt|princess|PartOf|your family
pants|dress|IsA|worn on the lower body
mink|squirrel|UsedFor|swimming
door|carpet|MadeOf|wood typically
trombone|clarinet|MadeOf|brass
chisel|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cart|crocodile|IsA|object
jeep|raft|MadeOf|metal
skunk|hare|CapableOf|climb trees
goat|donkey|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
bungalow|building|HasProperty|for the rich
raspberry|avocado|HasA|(usually) edible skin
drill|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
kidney|bone|IsA|limb
scissors|pliers|UsedFor|crafts
paintbrush|comb|CapableOf|writing
squid|cod|HasA|legs/tentacles 
coconut|corn|IsA|fruit
body|ankle|IsA|limb
daughter|son|IsA|family
bagpipe|trombone|MadeOf|strings
sailboat|scooter|AtLocation|in water
faucet|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
rifle|tank|UsedFor|bullets
sink|microwave|CapableOf|hold water
toaster|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
neck|roof|PartOf|human body
woman|boy|HasA|friends on it
scarf|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
trousers|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
cod|trout|IsA|name begging with c
stereo|rope|UsedFor|listening to music
violin|banjo|HasA|keys
sheep|elephant|AtLocation|jungle
lantern|thermometer|CapableOf|generate light
prune|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
coconut|broccoli|IsA|fruit
thigh|arm|AtLocation|below waist
stereo|wheel|IsA|digital device
clamp|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
aunt|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
groundhog|coyote|AtLocation|on tree
bolts|cannon|UsedFor|harm
plum|garlic|IsA|fruit
pants|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
sandwich|soup|HasProperty|two syllables
cockroach|squirrel|IsA|bug
neck|floor|PartOf|body
thigh|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
blender|closet|UsedFor|making food
bedroom|bed|MadeOf|one or more rooms
trumpet|trombone|MadeOf|strings
hare|mole|HasA|long ear
tank|gun|HasA|caterpillar treads
plate|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
zebra|tuna|HasA|legs
hare|groundhog|IsA|herbivore
princess|woman|HasProperty|royalty
knees|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
barrel|rifle|IsA|vessel
cheetah|deer|IsA|predator 
strawberry|prune|IsA|red  or orang
car|wheel|IsA|powered vehicle
alligator|rattlesnake|CapableOf|be found in the water
strawberry|prune|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
flea|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
buzzard|duck|HasProperty|a predator
bolts|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
fingers|neck|HasA|nails
dishwasher|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
soup|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
ankle|arm|CapableOf|carrying objects
cherry|banana|HasA|(usually) edible skin
saxophone|guitar|CapableOf|be blown into
avocado|garlic|IsA|green vegetable
frog|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
ox|bison|AtLocation|in hot climates 
apartment|bedroom|UsedFor|human living
plug|clamp|IsA|electric 
pistol|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
boy|girl|IsA|male
kidney|muscle|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
tap|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
pliers|comb|AtLocation|construction site
scissors|pencil|MadeOf|only metal
tiger|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
donkey|camel|AtLocation|typically europe
ankle|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
ankle|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
salmon|asparagus|IsA|water animal
prune|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
whisky|soup|UsedFor|drinking
brush|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
pipe|cannon|IsA|vessel
beaver|hare|AtLocation|on tree
cousin|man|HasProperty|a blood relative
inn|cottage|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
pineapple|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
bison|goat|IsA|carnivore 
camel|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
lobster|mackerel|HasA|shell
saxophone|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
beaver|alligator|IsA|mammal
spider|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
ceiling|fingers|PartOf|house
octopus|trout|HasA|legs/tentacles 
buzzard|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
mixer|bolts|IsA|related to music 
tank|rope|IsA|vessel
banjo|piano|HasA|strings
screws|barrel|UsedFor|building
banana|cranberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
knee|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
blouse|jacket|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
beaver|elk|CapableOf|be held 
building|inn|HasA|start with a b
dress|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
mug|saucer|HasA|handle
walls|roof|AtLocation|at ground level
paintbrush|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
plug|radio|HasA|a type of metal
man|mother|IsA|male
finger|forearm|HasA|nails
sauce|sugar|MadeOf|several ingredients
finger|neck|HasProperty|related with hand
bacon|butter|IsA|meat
banner|jacket|IsA|logo
catfish|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
cottage|oak|UsedFor|human living
orange|garlic|HasA|usually inedible skin
zebra|cart|HasA|stripes
rope|faucet|HasA|string or line
rocker|plug|CapableOf|be turned on
lemon|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
eggplant|beans|HasA|any green on it 
rifle|screws|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
trumpet|piano|IsA|brass instrument
perch|squid|HasA|fins
banana|cherry|HasA|peel
onions|rabbit|IsA|fruit or vegetable
nose|brow|IsA|(one of five) human senses
dress|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
raspberry|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
shotgun|tank|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
woman|father|HasProperty|female
fawn|alligator|HasA|horn
plum|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
horse|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
bagpipe|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
tank|grenade|CapableOf|use electricity
stick|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
ant|turtle|IsA|insect
microwave|dishwasher|UsedFor|heating items up
dog|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
tiger|donkey|IsA|carnivore 
bedroom|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
leg|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
hare|otter|HasA|long ears
jeans|shoes|AtLocation|above the feet
typewriter|stick|CapableOf|writing
harmonica|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
beans|garlic|IsA|vegetable
paintbrush|screwdriver|UsedFor|crafts
ship|saucer|UsedFor|transportation in water
bone|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
alligator|fawn|IsA|predator
toaster|freezer|UsedFor|heating items up
worker|boy|IsA|occupation
wheel|radio|HasA|a type of metal
truck|wheel|HasA|an engine
hose|fan|HasA|a type of metal
barrel|tank|UsedFor|storage
coconut|garlic|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
arm|kidney|IsA|organ
princess|boy|CapableOf|become pregnant 
dog|bison|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
giraffe|horse|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
deck|finger|PartOf|room
avocado|eggplant|HasProperty|green (most part)
skunk|plastic|IsA|bottle
elephant|mouse|HasA|tail
faucet|plug|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
king|father|IsA|royalty
caribou|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
clamp|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
skateboard|wheel|HasA|wheels
mixer|fan|HasA|a type of metal
elephant|caribou|IsA|violent creature
toaster|blender|UsedFor|cooking food
mixer|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
wheel|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
fan|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
wine|milk|IsA|alcohol
violin|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
duck|onions|HasProperty|red
coat|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
walls|roof|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
comb|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
eagle|dove|HasA|large wingspan
spider|mouse|CapableOf|kill a human
hand|shoulder|AtLocation|below where a watch is
tiger|crocodile|HasA|fur
gun|bolts|CapableOf|be launched/fired
arm|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
pipe|drill|CapableOf|transport liquids
celery|garlic|IsA|green vegetable 
mother|daughter|UsedFor|a married person
gown|skirt|HasA|sleeves
sister|aunt|PartOf|close blood relative
elbow|foot|AtLocation|upper body
perch|chicken|HasA|fins
kettle|cupboard|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cockroach|snail|CapableOf|flying
frog|horse|IsA|teeth
plum|banana|HasA|(usually) edible skin
radio|magazine|IsA|related to music 
arm|thigh|IsA|upper body part
bolts|plate|UsedFor|building
leg|finger|HasProperty|lower body
crocodile|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
trumpet|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
scarf|chandelier|AtLocation|on neck
dog|rabbit|IsA|typical pet
groundhog|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
cow|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
body|liver|HasA|bones
nurse|daughter|IsA|profession
harp|tuba|MadeOf|strings
caribou|cheetah|IsA|has horns
radio|rope|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
rifle|cannon|CapableOf|blow things up
necklace|mirror|AtLocation|neck
blouse|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
microwave|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
leg|elbow|AtLocation|bottom half of body
girlfriend|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
blouse|socks|HasA|sleeves
thigh|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
barrel|tank|AtLocation|at home
truck|scooter|HasA|an engine
cherry|pear|IsA|red  or orang
tiger|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
aunt|princess|HasA|a blood relation with you
whisky|potatoes|IsA|liquid
pants|wheelbarrow|IsA|worn on the lower body
knee|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
jacket|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
lobster|salmon|HasA|shell
elk|ox|IsA|specific type of deer
violin|tuba|MadeOf|strings
knees|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
caterpillar|squirrel|IsA|insect
daughter|man|CapableOf|become pregnant 
bison|camel|AtLocation|in water
car|skateboard|CapableOf|hold more than one person
pear|avocado|HasA|edible skin
pistol|cannon|HasA|trigger
tank|plate|UsedFor|shooting
worm|wasp|HasA|no legs
trousers|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
screws|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
thigh|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
paintbrush|typewriter|UsedFor|crafts
rabbit|sheep|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
princess|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
cucumber|coconut|HasProperty|green
pine|bayonet|IsA|tree
walls|floor|PartOf|room
boat|scooter|HasA|an engine
fawn|skunk|PartOf|herd
tower|hand|PartOf|building
tiger|sheep|IsA|carnivore 
coat|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
fan|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
bolts|fan|HasA|a type of metal
wheel|rope|HasA|a type of metal
blender|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
sandwich|salad|MadeOf|bread
plug|tape|IsA|electronic device
beer|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
elephant|cougar|AtLocation|in asia or africa
brother|cousin|IsA|direct relation with you
bungalow|gate|HasA|start with a b
hand|finger|UsedFor|waving
knee|forearm|PartOf|lower body
grapefruit|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
walls|room|PartOf|room
girl|nurse|IsA|female (strictly)
prune|avocado|IsA|word beginning with p
guitar|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
cannon|plate|UsedFor|shooting
ankle|elbow|IsA|on the lower half 
airplane|bowl|UsedFor|transportation
banana|prune|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
elephant|mouse|HasProperty|four-legged
pistol|rope|CapableOf|used in war
mixer|radio|AtLocation|kitchen
bed|bedroom|PartOf|set of furniture
kettle|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
squid|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
window|roof|PartOf|room
carpet|cupboard|CapableOf|be used to sleep
man|girl|IsA|head
trousers|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
pen|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
plate|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
cannon|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
nurse|girlfriend|IsA|profession
beaver|hare|CapableOf|climb trees
toe|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
zebra|perch|HasA|legs
comb|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
deck|fingers|PartOf|building
mother|actress|PartOf|your family
ankle|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
prune|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
skirt|sack|IsA|piece of clothing
flea|turtle|IsA|insect
grapefruit|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
pipe|bolts|IsA|vessel
dishwasher|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
tiger|cart|HasA|tail
foot|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
butterfly|ant|HasA|no legs
beetle|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
neck|knees|PartOf|the upper body
fridge|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
roof|hand|PartOf|building
pepper|orange|IsA|vegetable
screws|plate|UsedFor|shooting
crab|asparagus|IsA|water animal
mirror|tray|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
skin|body|AtLocation|on you head
strawberry|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
alligator|skunk|CapableOf|hunt other animals
trumpet|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
squirrel|frog|PartOf|water
celery|pepper|HasProperty|green
fan|wheel|MadeOf|steel mainly
paper|plastic|MadeOf|animals or plants
mackerel|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
saxophone|trombone|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
hand|bar|IsA|body part
toe|arm|AtLocation|bottom half of body
daughter|boy|IsA|family member
caribou|elephant|HasA|antler
mixer|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
jeans|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
boat|balloon|UsedFor|transportation
flute|piano|CapableOf|be blown into
bone|nail|HasA|bones
cupboard|wall|CapableOf|contain items
foot|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
mixer|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
fawn|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
groundhog|rabbit|AtLocation|north america (specifically)
cousin|aunt|IsA|male
milk|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
spoon|sink|CapableOf|scoop things
woman|girl|HasProperty|two syllables
tomato|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
finger|neck|HasA|more than one joint
blouse|shield|HasProperty|something that can be worn
rabbit|chicken|HasProperty|furry
gown|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
falcon|pigeon|IsA|bird of prey
aunt|daughter|IsA|immediate relation with you
gown|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
shoes|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
mole|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
tower|bar|HasA|diagram on it
muscle|blood|IsA|limb
hand|walls|PartOf|human body
lemon|coconut|HasA|seeds
camel|cat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
car|wheel|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
skin|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
deck|bar|HasA|diagram on it
leg|shoulder|UsedFor|a fight
rocket|pipe|CapableOf|use electricity
cat|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
guitar|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
beer|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
violin|bagpipe|HasA|strings
deck|neck|PartOf|building
thigh|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
shoes|pants|UsedFor|feet
deer|camel|HasA|antlers/tusks
elk|zebra|IsA|has horns
fridge|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
sister|actress|IsA|direct or immediate relation
daughter|brother|IsA|child
stork|dove|HasA|large wingspan
bungalow|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
fridge|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
horse|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
worker|nurse|IsA|male
pepper|corn|HasA|seeds
princess|man|CapableOf|become pregnant 
pelican|vulture|AtLocation|at a beach
cow|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
dress|shoes|IsA|typically female clothing item
necklace|tray|CapableOf|be worn
squirrel|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
tap|hose|MadeOf|metal
crab|octopus|HasA|shell
mother|cousin|HasProperty|female
pipe|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
mink|mole|CapableOf|live in water
beer|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
cheetah|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
pony|cat|IsA|teeth
salad|steak|HasProperty|two syllables
apartment|tent|HasProperty|made of concrete
saxophone|banjo|IsA|brass instrument
ceiling|walls|AtLocation|above your head
screwdriver|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
drill|typewriter|AtLocation|construction site
camel|giraffe|CapableOf|fly
truck|bike|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
horse|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
faucet|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
stereo|faucet|HasA|string or line
cockroach|turtle|IsA|bug
dishwasher|colander|IsA|electric powered item
skin|neck|AtLocation|on your head
avocado|pear|HasA|edible skin
pear|cherry|HasA|peel
accordion|tuba|UsedFor|sound
aunt|nurse|IsA|family member
princess|doctor|IsA|female (strictly)
chicken|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
hair|elbow|IsA|limb
cod|chicken|HasA|fins
rabbit|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
cucumber|garlic|IsA|vegetable
trousers|coat|HasProperty|worn below the waist
garlic|avocado|HasProperty|white
grenade|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
coat|dress|HasA|sleeves
tower|arm|PartOf|building
aunt|actress|IsA|sibling
avocado|cherry|HasA|peel
pencil|stick|AtLocation|construction site
beetle|spider|HasA|wings
worker|aunt|IsA|male
beetle|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
bison|camel|HasA|horn or antler
willow|bed|HasProperty|alive
scarf|lantern|AtLocation|neck
girl|boy|CapableOf|become pregnant 
chisel|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
raspberry|garlic|IsA|berry
shotgun|grenade|CapableOf|blow things up
bike|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
faucet|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
pipe|bolts|CapableOf|transport liquids
cat|beetle|PartOf|water
daughter|princess|HasA|multiple people pictured
ceiling|tower|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
tiger|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
bike|tank|HasA|wheels
chapel|cottage|IsA|public building (typically)
pants|sack|IsA|piece of clothing
daughter|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
girlfriend|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
cat|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
knees|forearm|IsA|joint
ankle|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
pants|skirt|PartOf|pair
strawberry|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
clarinet|trombone|HasA|valves
pistol|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
jeep|boat|HasA|wheels
mixer|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
trumpet|saxophone|HasA|tube
fan|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
muscle|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
mink|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
corn|avocado|IsA|vegetable
skirt|jacket|CapableOf|keep legs warm
floor|tower|PartOf|another card 
stereo|bolts|CapableOf|be turned on
saxophone|cello|IsA|wind instrument
zebra|crocodile|HasA|horn
cat|sheep|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
crayon|paintbrush|CapableOf|get smaller as it's used
bagpipe|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
chapel|inn|IsA|religious place
neck|kidney|HasA|bones
ladle|blender|MadeOf|steel mostly
tuna|zebra|IsA|fish
vulture|pigeon|IsA|bird of prey
skirt|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
prince|uncle|IsA|title
arm|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
sofa|curtains|CapableOf|be used to sleep
bike|canoe|HasA|wheels
brother|daughter|IsA|male
truck|skateboard|IsA|powered vehicle
daughter|actress|HasA|blood relation with you
fan|bolts|IsA|electric 
groundhog|elk|CapableOf|be held 
cockroach|frog|CapableOf|flying
pistol|screws|CapableOf|be launched/fired
rope|wheel|UsedFor|restraining things
broccoli|garlic|IsA|vegetable
bone|hair|AtLocation|inside
mole|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
tap|tape|UsedFor|water
ant|squirrel|IsA|insect
ceiling|bathroom|CapableOf|let in air
roof|deck|PartOf|house
drill|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
tape|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
magazine|fan|MadeOf|paper
neck|arm|CapableOf|carrying objects
roof|floor|AtLocation|above your head in general
bungalow|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
milk|salad|IsA|diary food
ankle|elbow|PartOf|the lower body
fawn|groundhog|HasA|horn
cow|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
avocado|coconut|IsA|physical fruit or veg
bone|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
blender|colander|HasA|power supply
ceiling|tower|PartOf|house
finger|foot|HasProperty|upper body
arm|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
coat|socks|HasA|sleeves
razor|typewriter|HasA|sharp edge
woman|girl|HasA|friends on it
pen|spatula|CapableOf|make holes 
pipe|grenade|UsedFor|harm
roof|deck|AtLocation|above your head in general
ankle|bone|IsA|on the lower half 
wheel|tape|HasA|a type of metal
boat|scooter|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
garlic|coconut|HasA|eatable shell or peel
knife|pliers|HasA|sharp edge
finger|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
scissors|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
wheel|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
ship|saucer|CapableOf|float 
camel|gorilla|HasA|hooves
buggy|bike|CapableOf|carry multiple people
goat|deer|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
fawn|squirrel|HasA|horn
cucumber|lemon|IsA|vegetable
clarinet|trumpet|HasA|reed to make it work
jeans|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
liver|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
muscle|body|AtLocation|on the inside
broom|pine|IsA|man made item
elephant|crocodile|HasA|four feet
scooter|wheel|HasA|wheels
mixer|tape|IsA|related to music 
pliers|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
deer|cougar|IsA|has horns
skunk|otter|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
cheetah|cougar|IsA|type of cat
shirt|pants|HasA|sleeves
steak|meal|HasProperty|mainly meat
sheep|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
catfish|tuna|IsA|name begging with c
grenade|pistol|IsA|vessel
man|girl|HasProperty|male
tank|hose|CapableOf|used in war
onions|coconut|IsA|vegetable
boots|dress|UsedFor|feet
rifle|cannon|HasA|trigger
church|hut|IsA|place of worship
actress|aunt|HasProperty|two syllables
skirt|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
cupboard|bed|CapableOf|be opened and closed
bed|church|AtLocation|at your home
elk|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
hand|shoulder|HasA|nails
mixer|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
elephant|squirrel|HasA|four feet
chisel|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
ceiling|hand|IsA|part of a building
salad|milk|MadeOf|several ingredients
rabbit|goat|HasProperty|small
toe|knee|PartOf|upper body
wife|princess|HasA|multiple people pictured
daughter|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
pistol|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
tiger|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
jeans|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
rattlesnake|squirrel|AtLocation|underground
deck|floor|PartOf|room
elk|squirrel|HasA|hooves
forearm|ankle|PartOf|upper body
razor|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
flute|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
scissors|screwdriver|HasProperty|sharp
eel|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
candle|clock|CapableOf|generate light
crocodile|giraffe|IsA|predator 
blender|sink|CapableOf|be held in your hand
cupboard|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
blood|arm|AtLocation|on your head
goat|horse|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
foot|hand|PartOf|lower body
oven|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
ankle|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
yacht|canoe|MadeOf|metal
lamb|tomato|IsA|n animal
vulture|pelican|IsA|alive 
eye|foot|PartOf|the images displayed
lantern|cigarette|MadeOf|/contain glass
beer|sugar|IsA|liquid
blouse|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
duck|rabbit|CapableOf|eating
toe|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
stove|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
drill|bolts|CapableOf|use electricity
gorilla|zebra|IsA|predator 
violin|flute|HasA|strings
nurse|man|HasProperty|a profession
gun|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
kidney|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
hare|otter|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
shrimp|squid|HasA|shell
canoe|sled|AtLocation|in water
lantern|scarf|UsedFor|a light source
aunt|worker|IsA|family member
sauce|chocolate|IsA|liquid
banana|strawberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
faucet|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
trout|eel|HasA|fins
lobster|shrimp|HasA|big claws
coconut|pepper|IsA|fruit
knees|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
doctor|princess|IsA|male
fawn|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
dress|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
stork|falcon|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
crocodile|buffalo|IsA|predator 
rattlesnake|hare|CapableOf|hunt other animals
mink|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
shrimp|cod|HasA|legs
jacket|sack|HasA|sleeves
leg|body|IsA|on the lower half 
foot|body|CapableOf|help you walk
comb|spatula|UsedFor|grooming
king|son|IsA|royalty
jacket|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
worker|girl|HasA|pay check
bridge|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
stove|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
chapel|barn|IsA|place of worship
blood|bone|IsA|organ
bottle|mug|MadeOf|metal
pen|spatula|AtLocation|construction site
perch|crab|HasA|fins
barrel|drill|CapableOf|hold water
gown|bag|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
spider|worm|HasA|legs, six or more
mother|worker|HasA|color
sauce|chocolate|MadeOf|several ingredients
thigh|finger|PartOf|lower body
wife|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
cherry|olive|HasA|eatable shell or peel
gate|cabin|IsA|4 letter word
shoulder|toe|HasProperty|upper body
car|bike|HasA|engine
hose|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
lantern|scarf|CapableOf|give off light/glow
foot|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
spider|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
bedroom|inn|HasA|start with a b
gun|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
finger|leg|PartOf|the upper body
broccoli|corn|HasProperty|green
bison|gorilla|HasA|hooves
worker|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
yacht|raft|HasA|motor
prune|avocado|HasA|(usually) edible skin
dog|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
shoulder|arm|IsA|specific joint
clock|lantern|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
pipe|plate|CapableOf|transport liquids
skunk|deer|CapableOf|be held 
chicken|lobster|AtLocation|on a farm
octopus|zebra|IsA|water animal
scooter|raft|MadeOf|metal
skirt|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
radio|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
window|walls|HasA|glass
robe|umbrella|HasProperty|something that can be worn
shoes|socks|CapableOf|be tied
typewriter|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pencil|pen|HasA|graphite center
dress|jacket|IsA|typically female clothing item
drill|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
crocodile|bison|IsA|teeth
butter|potatoes|IsA|diary food
falcon|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
roof|walls|AtLocation|outside of a home
skirt|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
toe|finger|AtLocation|below waist
tape|fan|AtLocation|kitchen
mixer|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
elk|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
crocodile|sheep|CapableOf|bite
alligator|elephant|CapableOf|be found in the water
plum|grapefruit|HasA|stone inside
cow|dog|IsA|teeth
barrel|cannon|UsedFor|storage
eagle|seagull|HasA|large wing span
dog|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
shoes|jacket|UsedFor|feet
doctor|man|IsA|profession
chapel|inn|IsA|religion buildings
radio|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
yacht|canoe|HasA|wheels
deck|floor|HasA|diagram on it
bathroom|walls|HasProperty|an enclosed space
knee|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
elephant|camel|HasA|antlers/tusks
tiger|deer|HasA|fur
jet|balloon|UsedFor|transportation
gun|barrel|UsedFor|bullets
rabbit|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
horse|dog|UsedFor|riding
typewriter|pencil|HasA|keyboard
wheel|clamp|PartOf|tire
garlic|broccoli|IsA|fruit
finger|bathroom|PartOf|body
tiger|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
spatula|comb|UsedFor|cooking
cranberry|cherry|AtLocation|be found on a bush
toe|hair|HasA|bones
plate|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
skirt|coat|HasProperty|worn below the waist
actress|mother|IsA|profession
banner|umbrella|IsA|logo
blender|fridge|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
window|bar|HasProperty|typically vertical
roof|fingers|IsA|part of a building
bayonet|pine|IsA|weapon
mink|deer|HasProperty|living in water
bayonet|birch|IsA|weapon
lemon|pear|HasA|usually inedible skin
forearm|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
nurse|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
socks|jeans|AtLocation|on your feet
dress|skirt|HasProperty|a long clothing item
crab|cod|HasA|shell
pony|elephant|AtLocation|jungle
horse|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
scarf|cigarette|HasProperty|something to be worn
tower|floor|HasA|diagram on it
lemon|onions|IsA|fruit
lamp|necklace|HasProperty|makes light
squid|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
tuna|catfish|CapableOf|come in a tin
rifle|rope|CapableOf|be launched/fired
cello|piano|HasA|strings
shoulder|finger|IsA|joint
ankle|foot|IsA|joint
birch|bed|HasProperty|alive
avocado|cranberry|IsA|physical fruit or veg
ankle|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
bathroom|tower|PartOf|a house
grapefruit|raspberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
nurse|boy|HasA|an adult on it
stove|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
fingers|finger|HasA|more than 1 finger
tuba|harmonica|IsA|brass instrument
squirrel|hare|CapableOf|climb on tree
pony|goat|UsedFor|riding
goat|duck|HasProperty|furry
prune|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
cupboard|carpet|CapableOf|contain items
sack|dress|IsA|an accessory
crayon|pen|CapableOf|get smaller as it's used
eagle|duck|CapableOf|attack others
butterfly|frog|IsA|bug
floor|ceiling|HasProperty|touches ground
squirrel|fawn|CapableOf|be held 
foot|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
hare|squirrel|CapableOf|eat palm nuts
cod|eel|IsA|one syllable word
blender|toilet|UsedFor|making food
fingers|hand|IsA|plural
dishwasher|colander|HasA|power supply
toe|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
jeep|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
tent|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
bedroom|sofa|CapableOf|open/close
bagpipe|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
stove|dishwasher|UsedFor|heating items up
knees|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
elephant|tiger|HasA|big horns/tusk
leg|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
skunk|squirrel|HasProperty|5 letters long
cow|spider|HasA|tail
wine|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
cupboard|sink|UsedFor|storage
aunt|mother|IsA|sibling
mackerel|asparagus|IsA|water animal
elbow|thigh|PartOf|upper body
stereo|fan|CapableOf|directly make sound(using speakers)
stereo|rocker|IsA|digital device
orange|beans|HasA|seeds
floor|room|PartOf|garage
banana|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
boots|skirt|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
inn|bridge|UsedFor|sleeping in
goat|onions|HasProperty|red
fridge|kettle|UsedFor|storing food 
pencil|brush|CapableOf|writing
toe|neck|UsedFor|walking
dress|pants|AtLocation|upper part of body
plate|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
carpet|cupboard|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
hair|body|AtLocation|below the knee
arm|bar|PartOf|body
camel|horse|CapableOf|fly
horse|elephant|HasA|hooves
fridge|ladle|HasProperty|using electricity
wrist|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
strawberry|pear|IsA|berry
daughter|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
radio|plug|IsA|related to music 
avocado|broccoli|IsA|fruit
gun|grenade|CapableOf|blow things up
rabbit|bison|IsA|teeth
boots|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
hose|plug|HasA|string or line
wheel|rocker|UsedFor|a vehicle
knee|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
aunt|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
daughter|brother|IsA|family
turtle|alligator|HasA|a shell
arm|toe|IsA|limb
wheel|rifle|UsedFor|harm
clamp|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
camel|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
blouse|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
orange|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
kettle|bottle|HasA|handle
shoulder|knee|HasProperty|upper body
knees|wrist|PartOf|the lower body
aunt|boy|HasProperty|female
blood|elbow|AtLocation|inside
thigh|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
grapefruit|prune|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
rabbit|raccoon|HasA|long ear
pants|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
bottle|saucer|MadeOf|metal
giraffe|crocodile|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
vulture|starling|HasA|large wing span
cupboard|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
arm|thigh|IsA|limb
deer|groundhog|HasA|horn
canoe|jeep|UsedFor|riding on water
jet|bowl|CapableOf|be found on water
liver|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
son|father|IsA|child
liquor|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
catfish|crab|HasA|fins
cranberry|garlic|IsA|berry
rifle|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
ceiling|tower|CapableOf|let in air
pistol|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
blender|fridge|CapableOf|be held in your hand
tuna|zebra|IsA|water animal
bar|arm|PartOf|building
deer|mole|PartOf|herd
blood|liver|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
actress|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
sofa|wall|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
lamp|mirror|CapableOf|generate light
mixer|rope|IsA|electronic device
daughter|uncle|IsA|family
pencil|scissors|UsedFor|cutting
cousin|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
harp|trombone|MadeOf|strings
finger|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
lime|tomato|HasProperty|green
elbow|ankle|IsA|limb
zebra|cougar|IsA|herbivore
trout|tuna|IsA|one syllable word
tractor|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
stereo|faucet|IsA|electronic device
blender|colander|HasProperty|using electricity
stork|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
owl|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
liver|toe|AtLocation|inside
harp|trombone|HasA|strings
zebra|cart|CapableOf|fly
ceiling|tower|UsedFor|cooling down
rocket|screws|CapableOf|be launched/fired
giraffe|horse|UsedFor|broadcast
deer|cheetah|HasA|horn
fingers|neck|HasA|more than one joint
mixer|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
father|girl|HasProperty|male
magazine|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
tank|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
knees|ankle|IsA|plural
deck|leg|PartOf|house
cod|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
jeep|canoe|HasA|wheels
butterfly|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly 
jeans|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
pants|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
pistol|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
lantern|necklace|UsedFor|a light source
plate|cannon|IsA|vessel
man|woman|HasProperty|male
chandelier|candle|AtLocation|on the ceiling
trousers|bag|IsA|piece of clothing
fan|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
elbow|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
sofa|curtains|MadeOf|wood
frog|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
cow|donkey|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
cherry|plum|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
walls|finger|PartOf|building
faucet|fan|HasA|a type of metal
bike|skis|HasA|wheels
muscle|elbow|AtLocation|inside
ceiling|tower|PartOf|garage
blood|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
elbow|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
butterfly|worm|HasA|wings
screwdriver|pencil|IsA|construction tool
radio|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
freezer|stove|UsedFor|storing food 
building|cabin|HasProperty|made of concrete
skateboard|canoe|HasA|wheels
ankle|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
knee|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
squirrel|skunk|CapableOf|climb on tree
arm|bar|IsA|body part
freezer|door|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
boy|cousin|IsA|male
goat|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
pineapple|prune|IsA|physical fruit or veg
sugar|salad|MadeOf|cup
hawk|duck|HasA|large wing span
ceiling|finger|PartOf|room
cat|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
leg|bathroom|PartOf|body
actress|boy|IsA|female (strictly)
fridge|kettle|MadeOf|steel mostly
seagull|starling|HasProperty|a predator
shoes|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
walls|fingers|PartOf|house
ceiling|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head
arm|forearm|AtLocation|below where a watch is
daughter|prince|IsA|family
gown|boots|AtLocation|above the feet
tank|rocket|UsedFor|firing artillery
room|neck|PartOf|room
gown|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
son|brother|IsA|parentage relation
chicken|asparagus|HasA|legs
leopard|crocodile|IsA|like a cat
church|house|IsA|religious place
rifle|barrel|CapableOf|be held in a hand
stove|door|UsedFor|heating items up
zebra|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
bison|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
leg|shoulder|UsedFor|walking
eye|arm|AtLocation|inside
tap|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
socks|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
tower|neck|PartOf|house
squirrel|mink|CapableOf|be held 
squid|perch|HasA|legs
boat|car|UsedFor|water
roof|floor|AtLocation|outside of a home
dishwasher|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
barn|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
bed|cupboard|CapableOf|be used to sleep
tractor|yacht|HasA|wheels
father|actress|HasProperty|royalty
arm|fingers|PartOf|pair/no more than two
tap|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
pigeon|falcon|HasProperty|domesticated
coconut|cranberry|HasA|edible skin
deer|hare|HasA|hooves
broccoli|beans|IsA|green vegetable 
pony|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
jeep|canoe|HasA|an engine
garlic|prune|IsA|physical fruit or veg
mouth|throat|PartOf|face
hare|alligator|IsA|mammal
flea|frog|HasProperty|an insect
orange|pear|IsA|red  or orang
tap|rope|CapableOf|provide water
cherry|prune|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
floor|room|UsedFor|tiling
deck|room|HasA|diagram on it
bridge|building|IsA|component of a home
faucet|hose|MadeOf|metal
boat|skateboard|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
wrist|toe|AtLocation|upper body
shoulder|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
toe|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
pistol|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
barrel|bolts|IsA|vessel
duck|hawk|PartOf|wild life
pants|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
mole|coyote|AtLocation|on tree
brush|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
scooter|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
pony|horse|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
lemon|strawberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
mouth|brow|UsedFor|eating
prune|orange|IsA|fruit
grenade|gun|IsA|vessel
prune|avocado|IsA|fruit
worker|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
boy|nurse|HasProperty|male
blender|door|UsedFor|making food
owl|stork|HasProperty|a predator
coyote|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
necklace|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
cousin|daughter|IsA|immediate relation with you
tomato|beans|IsA|fruit
eagle|kite|CapableOf|attack others
beetle|caterpillar|AtLocation|nature
pipe|drill|CapableOf|hold water
kidney|muscle|IsA|cancer related card
lemon|beans|IsA|fruit
tower|room|HasA|diagram on it
ant|beetle|PartOf|water
duck|onions|IsA|n animal
room|floor|PartOf|room
eye|bone|IsA|on the lower half 
mixer|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
eye|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
mole|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go underground
elbow|foot|HasProperty|upper body
grapefruit|banana|HasA|seed/seeds/pit
groundhog|rabbit|CapableOf|go underground
clarinet|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
bedroom|sofa|MadeOf|wood typically
boat|bowl|AtLocation|in water
jeans|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
walls|bar|HasProperty|typically vertical
tank|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
mixer|bolts|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
crocodile|tiger|AtLocation|jungle
carpet|wall|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
caribou|cheetah|HasA|horn
avocado|onions|HasProperty|green
candle|tray|IsA|source of light
fingers|toe|IsA|plural
knee|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
lips|neck|PartOf|makeup regimen
trumpet|trombone|IsA|instruments with buttons
mother|woman|HasA|the color brown in it
porcupine|raccoon|IsA|rodent
rabbit|sheep|HasA|fur
mole|fawn|CapableOf|be held 
thermometer|necklace|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
elephant|goat|IsA|teeth
rabbit|raccoon|IsA|herbivore
necklace|blouse|IsA|accessory
ankle|hand|PartOf|lower body
orange|cranberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
wrist|hand|IsA|specific joint
parakeet|kite|CapableOf|be a household pet
eye|toe|PartOf|the images displayed
bed|wall|MadeOf|wood
tap|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
tomato|potato|IsA|n ingredient for sauce
yacht|sled|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
tank|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
leg|tower|IsA|body part
arm|liver|HasA|bones
boots|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
elephant|frog|HasA|tail
tiger|donkey|HasProperty|eat meat
rifle|rocket|HasA|trigger
banjo|tuba|UsedFor|sound
shoes|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
raft|jeep|UsedFor|water
cupboard|bedroom|CapableOf|opening/closing
chisel|pliers|HasA|sharp edge
finger|toe|AtLocation|upper body
cockroach|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
bone|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
boots|socks|CapableOf|be tied
doctor|girl|IsA|male
ankle|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
elk|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
ceiling|tower|AtLocation|above your head
lobster|cod|HasA|shell
broccoli|cherry|HasProperty|green
snail|spider|IsA|crustecean
candle|cigarette|UsedFor|camping gear
house|church|IsA|place to live permanently
bolts|plug|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
church|cottage|IsA|public building (typically)
house|bridge|HasA|roof
coyote|mole|IsA|predator
screwdriver|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
elbow|toe|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
toe|fingers|PartOf|lower body
pencil|stick|UsedFor|writing
zebra|camel|HasA|spots or stripes
eagle|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
fridge|spoon|HasProperty|using electricity
soup|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
hare|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
elbow|shoulder|UsedFor|a fight
hut|tent|IsA|permanent structure
beer|bean|IsA|liquid
razor|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cow|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
liver|eye|IsA|limb
radio|hose|CapableOf|make sound
gorilla|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
car|raft|MadeOf|metal
mixer|magazine|UsedFor|listening to music
leopard|giraffe|IsA|type of cat
skirt|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
willow|spade|HasProperty|alive
arm|toe|UsedFor|a fight
octopus|catfish|IsA|mollusk
pineapple|cranberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
vulture|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
violin|saxophone|HasA|keys
cello|harmonica|HasA|strings
cranberry|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
trout|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
rabbit|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
elk|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
dress|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
toaster|door|UsedFor|making food
plum|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
daughter|actress|PartOf|your family
donkey|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
bridge|cottage|IsA|component of a home
garlic|corn|IsA|purple vegetable
brother|king|IsA|male
cranberry|coconut|IsA|berry
mink|coyote|CapableOf|climb trees
wasp|turtle|CapableOf|flying
mole|fawn|CapableOf|go underground
rabbit|skunk|AtLocation|underground
wheel|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
wood|metal|CapableOf|burn
mixer|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
falcon|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
paintbrush|knife|UsedFor|crafts
neck|toe|IsA|upper body part
yacht|canoe|HasA|an engine
dress|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
fingers|neck|HasProperty|related with hand
steak|supper|HasProperty|meaty
jeep|bike|CapableOf|hold more than one person
hare|rabbit|HasProperty|4 letters long
elbow|knees|AtLocation|upper body
elephant|spider|HasA|tail
room|arm|PartOf|house
yacht|jeep|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
hand|finger|HasProperty|something humans have two of
room|fingers|PartOf|house
trousers|sack|IsA|piece of clothing
banjo|piano|PartOf|strings
pistol|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
bag|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
frog|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
broom|birch|IsA|tool
butter|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
trout|octopus|HasA|fins
elk|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
ankle|neck|PartOf|lower body
alligator|turtle|HasProperty|dangerous
leg|thigh|UsedFor|a fight
boy|man|HasA|head
bedroom|cupboard|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
actress|worker|IsA|job or profession
chisel|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
skis|raft|AtLocation|on a mountain
father|wife|HasProperty|royalty
wheel|skateboard|HasA|circular component 
rabbit|squirrel|HasA|long ears
pony|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
dress|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
bridge|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
skunk|mink|CapableOf|be held 
scissors|razor|UsedFor|crafts
pants|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
plate|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
donkey|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
wrist|arm|IsA|joint
microwave|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
necklace|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
jeep|raft|HasA|an engine
fan|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
elbow|toe|IsA|limb
bar|arm|IsA|part of a building
broccoli|onions|HasProperty|green
hare|deer|IsA|herbivore
yacht|jeep|AtLocation|in water
cousin|king|IsA|family member
typewriter|brush|HasA|keyboard
gun|cannon|UsedFor|bullets
skirt|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
oven|tray|UsedFor|making food
bolts|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
avocado|raspberry|HasA|yellow color
kettle|spoon|IsA|electric powered item
elk|skunk|HasA|horn
bolts|tap|UsedFor|a vehicle
faucet|hose|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
rifle|grenade|UsedFor|bullets
cupboard|wall|MadeOf|wood typically
harp|harmonica|HasA|strings
bedroom|door|CapableOf|be used to sleep
kettle|dishwasher|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
vulture|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
boots|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
yacht|wheel|AtLocation|in water
seagull|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
shirt|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
bridge|inn|IsA|component of a home
fridge|colander|IsA|appliance
violin|harmonica|HasA|strings
car|scooter|HasA|more than two wheels
tap|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
mixer|rope|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
wasp|worm|HasA|wings
dog|cow|IsA|typical pet
nail|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
chandelier|lantern|AtLocation|on the ceiling
rope|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
catfish|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
prune|garlic|IsA|fruit
elk|alligator|HasA|horn
saxophone|accordion|HasA|reed to make it work
gun|rocket|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
banana|grapefruit|IsA|long fruit
blouse|clock|CapableOf|be worn
stove|freezer|UsedFor|heating items up
gown|boots|HasA|sleeves
bison|cow|UsedFor|riding
barrel|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
inn|gate|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
stereo|radio|AtLocation|kitchen
toe|elbow|PartOf|lower body
banjo|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
cougar|deer|IsA|type of big cat
toaster|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
horse|tiger|UsedFor|eating
church|barn|IsA|place of worship
leopard|deer|IsA|type of big cat
finger|arm|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
bone|elbow|AtLocation|inside
butterfly|ant|CapableOf|fly
rocket|wheel|CapableOf|use electricity
window|floor|HasProperty|typically vertical
fingers|toe|AtLocation|upper body
hyena|bison|IsA|type of big cat
chapel|gate|IsA|religious place
liver|body|AtLocation|in the torso
boy|man|HasProperty|steel
banjo|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
truck|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
paintbrush|stick|CapableOf|writing
jeans|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
deer|mole|HasA|horn
vulture|falcon|HasA|long beak
rifle|barrel|UsedFor|bullets
kettle|dishwasher|CapableOf|be held in your hand
ship|jet|CapableOf|float 
avocado|corn|HasProperty|green (most part)
clamp|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
tomato|goat|IsA|fruit or vegetable
bathroom|fingers|PartOf|house
ant|frog|IsA|bug
fawn|hare|HasA|hooves
walls|tower|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
scarf|candle|HasProperty|something to be worn
camel|crocodile|HasA|hooves
floor|leg|PartOf|building
hose|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
dress|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
church|bungalow|IsA|religious place
grapefruit|plum|PartOf|group or bunch 
worker|girlfriend|IsA|male
bungalow|cabin|HasA|start with a b
olive|cherry|HasProperty|green
caribou|camel|HasA|antlers/tusks
crayon|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
foot|hand|HasProperty|lower body
doctor|cousin|IsA|professional
bagpipe|harp|IsA|wind instrument
caribou|camel|HasA|antler
arm|toe|PartOf|the upper body
worm|spider|HasA|no legs
cello|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
saxophone|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
blender|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
fan|wheel|IsA|electric 
room|tower|PartOf|room
doctor|father|IsA|profession
muscle|elbow|IsA|limb
father|king|IsA|direct relation
faucet|clamp|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
elk|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
colander|ladle|UsedFor|washings things in
comb|paintbrush|UsedFor|grooming
dog|cow|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
broccoli|pepper|HasProperty|green
potatoes|butter|HasA|green label
beaver|mink|CapableOf|live in water
pen|scissors|UsedFor|cutting
tuna|chicken|HasA|fins
lobster|eel|HasA|claws
gun|tank|CapableOf|be held in a hand
knee|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
celery|tomato|IsA|vegetable
cherry|banana|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
man|cousin|IsA|car
orange|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
leopard|zebra|IsA|like a cat
goat|rabbit|HasA|hooves
woman|father|CapableOf|become pregnant 
dress|pants|UsedFor|by mainly women
kettle|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
radio|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
cockroach|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
cigarette|scarf|HasProperty|makes light
kettle|toilet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pipe|screws|HasProperty|circular
necklace|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
peach|coconut|HasA|stone 
magazine|oven|UsedFor|entertainment
cat|pony|HasA|paws
beaver|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
girl|actress|HasA|color
man|nurse|IsA|male
plum|orange|IsA|fruit
fan|bolts|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
arm|neck|AtLocation|below where a watch is
stove|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
sauce|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
faucet|wheel|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
gown|blouse|AtLocation|over your knees
neck|knees|PartOf|upper body
beaver|fawn|CapableOf|be held 
actress|girl|IsA|job or profession
hand|forearm|MadeOf|a whole body part
truck|bike|IsA|powered vehicle
hare|mink|HasA|big ears
kidney|ankle|AtLocation|inside
cougar|elk|IsA|type of big cat
kettle|door|IsA|electrical appliance
prune|grapefruit|HasA|stone inside
soup|potatoes|IsA|liquid
arm|shoulder|UsedFor|a fight
snail|iguana|IsA|mammal
son|king|HasProperty|a family member
lantern|clock|UsedFor|lighting
brow|throat|PartOf|face
scooter|tank|HasA|wheels
meal|soup|HasProperty|meaty
princess|boy|HasProperty|female
bridge|house|HasA|start with a b
father|girlfriend|IsA|family member
mother|cousin|IsA|family member
butterfly|frog|IsA|insect
cat|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
moth|frog|CapableOf|flying
grenade|drill|IsA|vessel
donkey|rabbit|HasA|hooves
broom|willow|IsA|man made thing
wife|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
iguana|rattlesnake|HasA|legs
coat|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
cupboard|curtains|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
lobster|salmon|HasA|legs
broccoli|garlic|IsA|green vegetable 
bed|door|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
rabbit|frog|IsA|common pet
catfish|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
bone|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
room|tower|PartOf|a house
plum|avocado|IsA|word beginning with p
gun|hose|UsedFor|shooting
steak|sandwich|HasProperty|mainly meat
mackerel|squid|IsA|fish
typewriter|paintbrush|HasA|keyboard
deer|gorilla|HasA|horn
paintbrush|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
bed|bayonet|UsedFor|sleeping
mixer|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
caribou|hyena|IsA|herbivore
hyena|tiger|IsA|type of cat
uncle|prince|IsA|family member
leg|bar|PartOf|body
radio|bolts|CapableOf|be turned on
cathedral|inn|UsedFor|religious gathering
goat|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
father|daughter|IsA|man
skis|skateboard|UsedFor|snow
pen|paintbrush|UsedFor|containing livestock
body|eye|IsA|limb
sink|tray|CapableOf|be plumbed in
grenade|barrel|IsA|weapon
kettle|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
soup|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
clamp|drill|UsedFor|restraining things
finger|hand|HasA|less than three joints
cow|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
prince|uncle|IsA|direct relation
coat|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
body|hair|HasA|bones
blender|colander|IsA|appliance
mother|aunt|IsA|direct relation
sailboat|sled|AtLocation|in water
princess|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
forearm|fingers|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
bolts|wheel|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
butter|sauce|UsedFor|drinking
rifle|drill|CapableOf|be launched/fired
raccoon|hare|AtLocation|water usually
tractor|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
peach|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
stereo|bolts|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
thigh|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
trombone|cello|IsA|wind instrument
candle|lantern|UsedFor|providing light
faucet|plug|UsedFor|dispensing water
rabbit|porcupine|AtLocation|underground
mixer|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
radio|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
leopard|cheetah|CapableOf|climbing trees
fawn|skunk|HasA|horn
onions|lemon|IsA|vegetable
tuba|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
wasp|spider|HasProperty|an insect
pineapple|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
dress|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
sheep|deer|AtLocation|jungle
pistol|plate|IsA|firearm
apartment|hut|HasProperty|made of concrete
cucumber|orange|IsA|vegetable
squid|salmon|HasA|legs/tentacles 
dress|trousers|AtLocation|upper part of body
hose|rock|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
ankle|neck|UsedFor|walking
bedroom|barn|IsA|place to live permanently
mackerel|salmon|CapableOf|come in a tin
guitar|trombone|HasA|strings
pistol|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
wasp|beetle|HasA|wings
lantern|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
cow|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
ox|hyena|HasA|horn
fingers|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
actress|daughter|IsA|profession
socks|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
spider|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
princess|actress|PartOf|royalty
cello|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
strawberry|avocado|IsA|fruit
canoe|bike|AtLocation|in water
blood|skin|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
avocado|tomato|HasProperty|green
faucet|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
tent|church|IsA|4 letter word
eye|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
ankle|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
worker|wife|HasProperty|male
skirt|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
hose|bolts|CapableOf|transport liquids
room|tower|PartOf|house
birch|broom|HasProperty|alive
harp|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
strawberry|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
arm|finger|PartOf|pair
ankle|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
cheetah|buffalo|IsA|predator 
neck|toe|IsA|limb
skunk|mink|AtLocation|on tree
lantern|tray|IsA|source of light
arm|ankle|PartOf|upper body
carpet|wall|CapableOf|be used to sleep
beans|avocado|UsedFor|meat replacement
goat|bison|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
crocodile|rattlesnake|IsA|amphibian
pants|dress|HasA|two seperate pant legs
window|arm|PartOf|building
garlic|lemon|IsA|physical fruit or veg
man|mother|IsA|car
bathroom|fingers|PartOf|room
cow|mouse|CapableOf|kill a human
gun|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
spider|frog|HasProperty|an insect
clamp|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
wine|chocolate|IsA|liquid
whisky|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
paintbrush|pliers|UsedFor|writing
scarf|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
buffalo|camel|HasA|antlers/tusks
duck|owl|CapableOf|be a household pet
leg|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
ceiling|floor|AtLocation|above your head in general
pliers|pen|IsA|construction tool
butter|milk|IsA|alcohol
walls|ceiling|AtLocation|at ground level
king|daughter|AtLocation|in a royal family
pliers|comb|IsA|construction tool
elk|elephant|HasA|horn
trombone|saxophone|HasA|tube
arm|toe|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
chisel|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
olive|pepper|IsA|fruit
radio|clamp|IsA|electric 
skin|nail|IsA|limb
tiger|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
fan|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
brush|pen|CapableOf|be used for hair
leg|deck|PartOf|body
cat|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
sofa|carpet|MadeOf|wood
hare|raccoon|HasA|big ears
cat|horse|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
fingers|room|PartOf|human body
mole|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
skirt|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
pants|socks|AtLocation|above the feet
bolts|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
alligator|snail|HasA|legs
mink|mole|CapableOf|climb trees
chisel|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
octopus|zebra|IsA|mollusk
nurse|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
razor|stick|CapableOf|be used for hair
piano|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
alligator|squirrel|CapableOf|be found in the water
paintbrush|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
elbow|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
goat|donkey|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
tank|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
oven|freezer|UsedFor|cooking food
scissors|pen|MadeOf|only metal
ankle|blood|HasA|bones
raspberry|avocado|HasA|edible skin (usually)
liquor|sugar|IsA|liquid
saxophone|piano|IsA|wind instrument
neck|bone|IsA|limb
elephant|elk|IsA|violent creature
crab|eel|HasA|shell
bag|jacket|IsA|an accessory
tuba|saxophone|HasA|3 buttons exactly
daughter|worker|IsA|family member
moth|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
man|doctor|IsA|car
pistol|grenade|IsA|firearm
cougar|ox|CapableOf|hunt for prey
cello|trombone|MadeOf|strings
groundhog|squirrel|AtLocation|underground
tank|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
plug|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
squirrel|raccoon|HasA|big ears
pen|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cherry|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
coat|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
bike|skateboard|HasA|handle
deer|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
banjo|harp|MadeOf|strings
deer|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
bagpipe|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
rabbit|tomato|HasProperty|furry
cow|rabbit|CapableOf|kill a human
grenade|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
trumpet|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
bed|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
ladle|sink|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
otter|mole|AtLocation|water usually
hyena|elephant|CapableOf|hunt for prey
paper|glass|CapableOf|burn
violin|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
boots|pants|UsedFor|feet
coat|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
cupboard|bedroom|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
liquor|chocolate|IsA|liquid
coyote|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
grapefruit|prune|HasProperty|red
girl|doctor|UsedFor|transportation
knees|finger|PartOf|lower body
hyena|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
socks|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
kettle|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
vulture|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
aunt|wife|HasA|blood relation with you
toe|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
knees|thigh|IsA|joint
girl|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
bone|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
fawn|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
guitar|bagpipe|HasA|strings
porcupine|mink|AtLocation|on tree
pear|coconut|IsA|physical fruit or veg
pipe|rifle|IsA|vessel
mixer|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
chisel|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
building|house|HasA|start with a b
cupboard|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
celery|lime|IsA|vegetable
plate|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
walls|deck|PartOf|house
grapefruit|prune|HasA|yellow color
rifle|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
hand|leg|PartOf|upper body
ankle|shoulder|AtLocation|bottom half of body
bison|cheetah|HasA|horn
eye|body|PartOf|the images displayed
bacon|sandwich|HasProperty|meaty
catfish|eel|IsA|fish
fingers|tower|PartOf|body
banjo|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
peach|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
barrel|pistol|UsedFor|harm
wine|butter|IsA|liquid
mackerel|zebra|IsA|water animal
skirt|wheelbarrow|IsA|worn on the lower body
alligator|deer|CapableOf|live in water
boots|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
potato|duck|AtLocation|in water
prince|king|IsA|direct relation
elbow|foot|PartOf|the upper body
falcon|kite|HasA|large wing span
room|fingers|PartOf|room
elephant|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
fawn|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
elk|cougar|HasA|antler
goat|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
barrel|rope|CapableOf|hold water
elk|zebra|HasA|horn
yacht|canoe|HasA|motor
cupboard|bedroom|CapableOf|be opened and closed
stereo|plug|IsA|digital device
ankle|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
dishwasher|ladle|IsA|appliance
oven|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
stereo|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
otter|hare|UsedFor|swimming
stork|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
rock|oven|UsedFor|entertainment
mother|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
floor|hand|PartOf|building
worker|actress|HasProperty|royalty
ceiling|arm|IsA|part of a building
tongue|throat|IsA|(one of five) human senses
son|prince|IsA|direct relation with you
boat|sailboat|HasA|engine
tower|floor|AtLocation|outside of a home
hare|coyote|HasA|long ear
fridge|sink|HasProperty|electrically powered
foot|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
cannon|tank|HasA|wheels
dishwasher|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
elbow|knees|PartOf|the upper body
salad|meat|CapableOf|be used as an appetizer
cousin|prince|HasProperty|a family member
shrimp|tuna|HasA|legs/tentacles 
camel|cougar|UsedFor|travel
caribou|cougar|HasA|antler
screwdriver|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
necklace|cigarette|MadeOf|metal
elephant|cougar|UsedFor|travel
man|father|IsA|car
tank|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
crocodile|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
rattlesnake|elephant|IsA|reptile
sink|tray|CapableOf|hold water
car|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
yacht|car|AtLocation|in water
perch|eel|HasA|fins
raft|skis|AtLocation|in water
rocket|grenade|UsedFor|harm
trousers|wheelbarrow|IsA|piece of clothing
tape|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
boots|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
avocado|eggplant|HasProperty|something people usually eat raw
skunk|tin|IsA|fragile
rattlesnake|squirrel|IsA|reptile
bacon|soup|HasProperty|mainly meat
woman|nurse|HasA|friends on it
crocodile|squirrel|IsA|reptile
donkey|dog|IsA|teeth
screws|hose|UsedFor|shooting
tape|clamp|UsedFor|a vehicle
cello|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
coat|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
dog|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
radio|wheel|IsA|related to music 
toe|kidney|HasA|bones
floor|bar|AtLocation|in your apartment
scarf|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
buffalo|zebra|HasA|antlers/tusks
eagle|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
crayon|pen|HasA|wax
beer|steak|IsA|liquid
clarinet|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
plug|rock|IsA|electric 
dog|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
socks|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
elephant|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
prince|daughter|IsA|royalty
tractor|boat|UsedFor|farming
cod|octopus|IsA|fish
grapefruit|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
tank|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
typewriter|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
tongue|neck|PartOf|face
mink|rabbit|UsedFor|swimming
tray|pipe|HasProperty|part of a car
pear|avocado|IsA|fruit
salmon|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
brush|spatula|UsedFor|hair
avocado|cranberry|HasA|edible skin
flute|piano|CapableOf|be played with mouth
banjo|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
oven|blender|UsedFor|heating items up
catfish|asparagus|IsA|fish
rope|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
worker|father|HasProperty|a profession
aunt|mother|IsA|immediate relation with you
stereo|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
trumpet|harp|MadeOf|strings
rabbit|fawn|CapableOf|be held 
barrel|cannon|CapableOf|transport liquids
bacon|steak|HasProperty|two syllables
jeep|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
plastic|tin|CapableOf|burn
deer|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
body|nail|IsA|limb
muscle|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
raspberry|pear|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
stove|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
comb|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
dog|goat|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
daughter|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
fridge|spoon|CapableOf|make things cold
drill|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
boat|sled|AtLocation|in water
bison|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
necklace|clock|CapableOf|be worn
octopus|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
cannon|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
dress|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
tray|cupboard|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
sheep|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
ceiling|neck|PartOf|building
milk|bean|IsA|liquid
dress|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
ship|jet|CapableOf|transport ships
pear|avocado|HasA|(usually) edible skin
cannon|barrel|IsA|weapon
tank|scooter|HasA|an engine
zebra|gorilla|HasA|hooves
tomato|cherry|HasA|seeds
grenade|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
bike|raft|MadeOf|metal
drill|brush|IsA|construction tool
hyena|elk|AtLocation|in hot climates 
caribou|zebra|HasA|horn
pliers|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
clock|tray|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
mackerel|trout|CapableOf|come in a tin
walls|ceiling|HasProperty|touches ground
blender|ladle|HasProperty|electrically powered
bison|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
hose|mixer|CapableOf|work without electricity
shoes|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
floor|tower|AtLocation|at ground level
pepper|onions|HasA|seeds
violin|accordion|HasA|neck
beans|orange|IsA|vegetable
brother|prince|IsA|family member
clock|candle|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
sauce|meat|MadeOf|cup
deer|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
ankle|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
bridge|cabin|IsA|component of a home
toaster|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
canoe|bike|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
window|roof|PartOf|garage
elk|buffalo|IsA|has horns
barrel|wheel|UsedFor|storing wine
trout|chicken|HasA|fins
skirt|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
walls|arm|PartOf|house
actress|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
raspberry|pear|UsedFor|smoothies
walls|arm|PartOf|building
room|arm|PartOf|building
socks|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
kettle|ladle|HasProperty|using electricity
plum|avocado|HasProperty|red
wheel|mixer|PartOf|tire
groundhog|deer|CapableOf|be held 
mother|man|IsA|family member
pineapple|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
horse|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
fan|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
oven|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
tractor|skateboard|CapableOf|hold more than one person
brush|stick|AtLocation|construction site
cousin|princess|IsA|male
cow|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
camel|cat|UsedFor|riding
screwdriver|pencil|UsedFor|driving screws
wife|boy|IsA|female (strictly)
goat|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
squirrel|rabbit|AtLocation|water usually
sink|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
tractor|yacht|CapableOf|hold more than one person
fan|rock|CapableOf|be turned on
floor|ceiling|UsedFor|tiling
trousers|gown|HasA|two seperate pant legs
tractor|bike|CapableOf|hold more than one person
hare|mole|IsA|animal with long ears
rifle|drill|IsA|firearm
trout|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
mackerel|crab|HasA|fins
trombone|piano|CapableOf|be played with mouth
aunt|princess|HasA|blood relation with you
hand|wrist|MadeOf|a whole body part
wasp|cockroach|HasA|wings
cod|tuna|IsA|one syllable word
pipe|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
chandelier|tray|UsedFor|lighting
screwdriver|pliers|UsedFor|screwing
camel|cart|CapableOf|fly
floor|bathroom|AtLocation|at ground level
hose|plug|CapableOf|provide water
ship|jet|AtLocation|on water
pants|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
liquor|sandwich|IsA|liquid
liquor|milk|IsA|alcohol
skunk|plastic|MadeOf|animals or plants
mixer|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
elephant|ox|AtLocation|in asia or africa
tiger|elk|IsA|type of big cat
fingers|knee|AtLocation|upper body
wrist|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
pants|clock|CapableOf|be worn
leopard|buffalo|IsA|predator 
skin|arm|IsA|limb
sheep|horse|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
paper|metal|CapableOf|burn
crocodile|deer|HasProperty|eat meat
razor|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
spoon|dishwasher|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
ship|balloon|AtLocation|on water
room|neck|PartOf|house
rabbit|mouse|PartOf|jumping
chicken|salmon|HasA|legs
lamb|potato|IsA|animal
gorilla|tiger|IsA|predator 
pen|typewriter|UsedFor|drawing or painting
knee|toe|IsA|joint
dress|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
ceiling|finger|PartOf|house
hut|cabin|HasProperty|a black and white picture
mink|mole|HasProperty|living in water
plug|faucet|IsA|electronic device
trousers|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
bison|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
avocado|raspberry|HasA|big seed
stereo|bolts|IsA|digital device
toaster|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
bridge|church|HasA|own altar
lamp|candle|MadeOf|glass
fan|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
cherry|avocado|HasProperty|purple
avocado|prune|IsA|physical fruit or veg
wheel|tank|HasProperty|circular
woman|man|IsA|female (strictly)
razor|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
girlfriend|father|CapableOf|become pregnant 
plum|avocado|HasA|edible skin
plate|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
man|girlfriend|IsA|car
chapel|bungalow|IsA|religious place
tin|metal|CapableOf|hold water
rifle|barrel|IsA|weapon
drill|cannon|UsedFor|harm
cucumber|onions|IsA|fruit
boy|woman|IsA|male
comb|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for hair
deer|coyote|HasA|horn
cow|squirrel|CapableOf|kill a human
dog|camel|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
candle|scarf|CapableOf|give off light/glow
blender|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
tank|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
skirt|trousers|IsA|typically female clothing item
vulture|kite|CapableOf|attack others
clarinet|piano|CapableOf|be blown into
ship|bowl|AtLocation|in water
prince|brother|IsA|royalty
butter|beer|IsA|diary food
cottage|barn|IsA|place to live permanently
shoulder|foot|PartOf|upper body
kettle|tray|MadeOf|metal
grenade|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
eye|hair|PartOf|the images displayed
sofa|cupboard|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
bolts|radio|AtLocation|kitchen
paintbrush|spatula|UsedFor|writing
car|tractor|HasA|two rows of seats
horse|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
deer|gorilla|HasA|antlers/tusks
violin|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
mackerel|chicken|IsA|water animal
skin|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
tape|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
boat|raft|MadeOf|metal
mixer|fan|IsA|related to music 
elk|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
cherry|coconut|HasA|eatable shell or peel
cello|flute|HasA|strings
crocodile|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
dog|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
plate|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
mother|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
tuna|perch|CapableOf|come in a tin
paintbrush|spatula|CapableOf|writing
rabbit|groundhog|HasA|long ear
goat|rabbit|UsedFor|a source of milk
duck|kite|IsA|alive 
worker|man|HasA|head
prune|banana|IsA|berry
tap|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
tractor|scooter|HasProperty|consuming fuel
elephant|tiger|IsA|has horns
beer|sauce|UsedFor|drinking
chapel|cathedral|HasA|own altar
arm|finger|HasA|more than 1 finger
razor|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
faucet|mixer|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
apartment|inn|IsA|place to live permanently
trombone|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
brush|scissors|UsedFor|grooming
yacht|skis|HasA|an engine
perch|chicken|IsA|water animal
mixer|bolts|CapableOf|make sound
brush|pen|HasA|bushy tail
spear|pine|IsA|weapon
sister|princess|IsA|sibling
shoulder|thigh|IsA|joint
girlfriend|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
razor|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
cockroach|ant|CapableOf|flying
thigh|finger|HasProperty|lower body
squid|tuna|HasA|legs/tentacles 
candle|clock|UsedFor|lighting
inn|house|IsA|public building (typically)
hyena|bison|IsA|type of cat
bed|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
pineapple|garlic|IsA|citrus fruit
rocker|tap|CapableOf|make sound
rabbit|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
bedroom|door|CapableOf|contain items
pear|avocado|PartOf|group or bunch 
pipe|rope|CapableOf|hold water
donkey|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
microwave|door|IsA|electrical appliance
snail|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
brush|screwdriver|UsedFor|painting
sister|princess|HasA|multiple people pictured
wheel|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
aunt|wife|IsA|family member
tank|bolts|IsA|vessel
son|prince|HasProperty|a family member
onions|lime|IsA|vegetable
cabin|hut|IsA|place to live permanently
prune|banana|HasA|stone inside
actress|worker|IsA|female (strictly)
caterpillar|snail|IsA|insect
milk|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
rabbit|pony|HasA|fur
crocodile|elephant|HasProperty|carnivorous
wheel|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
sister|wife|IsA|sibling
trombone|saxophone|HasA|start with a t
walls|tower|PartOf|room
tuba|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
garlic|corn|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
microwave|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
knees|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
microwave|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
orange|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
screwdriver|spatula|IsA|construction tool
knees|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
faucet|fan|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
snail|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
kidney|skin|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
raspberry|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
violin|clarinet|HasA|keys
bridge|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
elk|cougar|IsA|has horns
peach|garlic|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
ant|snail|HasA|legs, six or more
spoon|colander|UsedFor|transferring liquids
clarinet|harp|MadeOf|strings
knees|finger|IsA|plural
harmonica|cello|IsA|wind instrument
sister|aunt|IsA|direct or immediate relation
chicken|eel|AtLocation|on a farm
jeans|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
lamb|rabbit|CapableOf|eating
liver|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
pants|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
olive|beans|HasProperty|green
knee|finger|IsA|joint
scissors|pliers|HasA|sharp edge
hand|room|PartOf|body
stove|toilet|UsedFor|making food
dishwasher|blender|UsedFor|washing dishes
finger|wrist|HasA|nails
gun|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
belt|wheel|UsedFor|restraining things
eggplant|onions|UsedFor|meat replacement
seagull|owl|HasA|large wingspan
socks|jacket|HasProperty|worn below the waist
shoes|wheelbarrow|IsA|piece of clothing
frog|mouse|HasProperty|four-legged
forearm|fingers|HasA|less than three joints
rocker|bolts|IsA|related to music 
bison|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
boots|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
tuba|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
shotgun|grenade|HasA|finger trigger
scooter|sailboat|CapableOf|roll
hose|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
rabbit|skunk|IsA|animal with long ears
bedroom|sofa|CapableOf|contain items
pistol|screws|IsA|firearm
salmon|zebra|IsA|fish
spoon|tray|MadeOf|metal
pineapple|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
lips|finger|PartOf|makeup regimen
gun|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
octopus|cod|HasA|legs
tower|neck|IsA|part of a building
candle|thermometer|CapableOf|generate light
boat|saucer|UsedFor|transportation in water
vulture|falcon|IsA|alive 
foot|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
neck|knees|AtLocation|upper body
bed|birch|IsA|man made item
hose|mixer|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
aunt|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
buzzard|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
bottle|pot|MadeOf|metal
curtains|wall|CapableOf|opening/closing
hose|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
thigh|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
microwave|freezer|UsedFor|making food
canoe|jeep|AtLocation|in water
foot|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
fingers|thigh|PartOf|upper body
toaster|stove|UsedFor|cooking food
razor|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
jet|balloon|HasA|wings
perch|zebra|IsA|water animal
wasp|ant|CapableOf|flying
salad|butter|HasA|green label
toe|shoulder|AtLocation|bottom half of body
elephant|frog|UsedFor|human transport
jeep|sled|HasA|wheels
salad|sauce|CapableOf|be used as an appetizer
blood|arm|AtLocation|inside
leg|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
barrel|bolts|CapableOf|transport liquids
worker|actress|HasProperty|male
caterpillar|flea|CapableOf|fly
pear|banana|IsA|word beginning with p
caterpillar|beetle|HasA|no legs
arm|deck|PartOf|body
wheel|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
neck|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
skunk|mink|IsA|fragile
skis|sailboat|AtLocation|on a mountain
plum|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
mixer|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
bed|wall|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
cod|asparagus|IsA|one syllable word
chicken|tomato|IsA|meat or animal
yacht|raft|HasA|an engine
sink|ladle|UsedFor|washings things in
stove|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
chapel|cabin|HasProperty|a black and white picture
rifle|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
fridge|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
ceiling|roof|PartOf|garage
comb|typewriter|UsedFor|hair
truck|canoe|HasA|wheels
finger|ceiling|PartOf|human body
grenade|rifle|IsA|vessel
deer|giraffe|IsA|has horns
skirt|jacket|HasProperty|worn below the waist
sheep|deer|UsedFor|a source of milk
candle|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
flea|beetle|PartOf|water
gun|barrel|IsA|firearm
gown|shirt|AtLocation|over your knees
toe|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
blouse|jacket|IsA|white object
strawberry|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
mother|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
salmon|zebra|IsA|water animal
canoe|bike|UsedFor|water
candle|chandelier|CapableOf|be set alight with match
apartment|oak|MadeOf|one or more rooms
pen|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
screws|rifle|UsedFor|harm
orange|prune|IsA|red  or orang
window|room|CapableOf|let in air
wheel|skateboard|CapableOf|hold more than one person
aunt|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
octopus|tuna|IsA|mollusk
eel|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
car|skateboard|HasProperty|consuming fuel
walls|ceiling|UsedFor|tiling
hand|elbow|MadeOf|a whole body part
chisel|crayon|IsA|construction tool
drill|spatula|IsA|construction tool
wrist|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
bedroom|curtains|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
cottage|tent|IsA|permanent structure
knees|fingers|PartOf|lower body
pen|spatula|UsedFor|drawing or painting
goat|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
stick|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
tiger|camel|HasA|fur
rabbit|squirrel|CapableOf|eat palm nuts
tap|fan|CapableOf|provide water
raccoon|fawn|CapableOf|be held 
ceiling|bathroom|PartOf|garage
jacket|trousers|HasA|sleeves
hand|foot|HasProperty|upper body
elephant|mouse|CapableOf|jump
tuna|shrimp|IsA|fish
goat|sheep|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
jeans|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
tuba|harp|MadeOf|strings
lobster|asparagus|IsA|water animal
shield|skirt|IsA|logo
clamp|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
mixer|rock|CapableOf|be turned on
oven|kettle|UsedFor|cooking food
radio|clamp|CapableOf|be turned on
tiger|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
cupboard|curtains|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
knees|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
plum|prune|HasProperty|red
mouth|throat|UsedFor|eating
eagle|starling|HasA|large wing span
pants|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
knife|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
celery|garlic|IsA|green vegetable
mixer|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
dog|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
king|daughter|IsA|male
aunt|actress|HasA|blood relation with you
scissors|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
bolts|rifle|AtLocation|in a toolbox
shoulder|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
elephant|iguana|IsA|mammal
cow|camel|HasA|hooves
scissors|screwdriver|MadeOf|only metal
actress|woman|IsA|job or profession
brush|stick|UsedFor|hair
garlic|corn|HasProperty|needs peeling
pony|rabbit|AtLocation|jungle
fingers|elbow|HasA|nails
oven|fridge|UsedFor|heating items up
finger|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
deer|elephant|HasA|short/thick fur
stereo|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
spoon|colander|CapableOf|hold water
cheetah|tiger|IsA|predator 
clamp|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
father|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
cod|asparagus|HasA|fins
elephant|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
duck|onions|IsA|meat or animal
squirrel|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
avocado|plum|HasA|yellow color
hand|neck|UsedFor|waving
rock|tape|CapableOf|make sound
deer|beaver|HasA|hooves
skis|wheel|UsedFor|snow
coconut|olive|IsA|fruit
caribou|ox|HasA|antlers
fawn|beaver|HasA|horn
beetle|squirrel|IsA|bug
father|daughter|IsA|family member
trombone|banjo|HasA|tube
saucer|pot|AtLocation|in the kitchen
tank|plate|CapableOf|use electricity
octopus|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
coat|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
coconut|cherry|HasA|edible skin
lime|olive|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
snail|squirrel|HasA|a shell
avocado|garlic|HasA|stone 
neck|tower|PartOf|human body
blouse|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
snail|crocodile|HasA|a shell
cat|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
toaster|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
mixer|rock|HasA|a type of metal
bike|skis|HasA|handle
wrist|foot|IsA|joint
dress|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
wrist|fingers|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
elbow|finger|HasProperty|something humans have two of
hand|bathroom|PartOf|body
lime|garlic|IsA|fruit
goat|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
kidney|body|AtLocation|in the torso
worker|woman|HasA|pay check
bed|door|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
crocodile|elephant|IsA|reptile
toe|hair|CapableOf|help you walk
onions|olive|IsA|vegetable
ankle|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
chandelier|cigarette|MadeOf|metal
accordion|piano|MadeOf|strings
bag|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
dress|jacket|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
woman|man|HasA|friends on it
toe|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
harpsichord|tuba|MadeOf|strings
bone|body|AtLocation|in the torso
violin|guitar|HasA|keys
wasp|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
rocker|tape|IsA|related to music 
microwave|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
faucet|tape|MadeOf|metal/steel
snail|butterfly|IsA|crustecean
seagull|starling|HasA|large wingspan
avocado|banana|HasA|stone 
stereo|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
sugar|potatoes|MadeOf|cup
accordion|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
buzzard|dove|HasProperty|a predator
blouse|jeans|HasA|sleeves
tray|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
cupboard|bed|UsedFor|storage
arm|ankle|IsA|limb
nurse|actress|HasA|pay check
bedroom|hut|HasA|start with a b
flute|harp|IsA|wind instrument
arm|hair|HasA|bones
roof|room|HasA|diagram on it
rope|drill|UsedFor|restraining things
prune|pear|UsedFor|smoothies
harp|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
banana|avocado|IsA|long fruit
banjo|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
elbow|neck|HasProperty|something humans have two of
prune|banana|HasA|edible skin (usually)
dog|pony|HasA|paws
elk|mink|PartOf|herd
bed|house|HasA|start with a b
hyena|gorilla|IsA|type of cat
deck|finger|IsA|part of a building
arm|roof|PartOf|body
hose|mixer|UsedFor|water
banjo|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
orange|plum|IsA|red  or orang
eye|body|AtLocation|on your head
alligator|mole|HasProperty|living in water
skin|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
harpsichord|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
son|brother|IsA|child
porcupine|coyote|AtLocation|on tree
squirrel|skunk|IsA|rodent
plum|coconut|HasA|stone 
sink|cupboard|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
drill|rifle|UsedFor|harm
donkey|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
hose|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
daughter|cousin|HasProperty|female
leg|liver|IsA|organ
violin|trombone|MadeOf|strings
squid|trout|HasA|legs/tentacles 
elbow|blood|HasA|bones
jeep|scooter|HasA|an engine
fridge|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
bison|gorilla|IsA|has horns
bone|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
drill|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
toe|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
drill|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
tiger|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
bottle|pot|CapableOf|be held to drink
gun|screws|CapableOf|be launched/fired
hare|porcupine|HasA|long ear
bolts|clamp|AtLocation|kitchen
plate|gun|UsedFor|harm
cherry|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin (usually)
necklace|dress|IsA|accessory
gun|cannon|CapableOf|be held in a hand
crocodile|caribou|IsA|predator 
squirrel|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
tower|neck|PartOf|building
chapel|gate|IsA|religion buildings
blouse|cloak|IsA|white object
guitar|trombone|CapableOf|easily carried around
raft|sailboat|CapableOf|be used with paddles
vulture|pigeon|CapableOf|attack others
garlic|beans|IsA|fruit
mole|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
fridge|blender|CapableOf|change temperature of things
tap|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
sister|mother|IsA|sibling
hawk|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
skirt|jeans|UsedFor|by mainly women
mother|cousin|IsA|direct or immediate relation
raccoon|rabbit|AtLocation|on  a tree
goat|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
rifle|tank|CapableOf|blow things up
worker|man|IsA|profession
blender|sink|HasA|power supply
cat|cow|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
buggy|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
duck|pelican|HasProperty|domesticated
rocker|rope|CapableOf|make sound
toe|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
house|tent|IsA|permanent structure
pen|pliers|CapableOf|writing
bolts|rifle|UsedFor|harm
cupboard|sofa|CapableOf|open/close
zebra|cod|HasA|legs
gown|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
camel|goat|UsedFor|riding
sauce|bean|IsA|liquid
ankle|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
muscle|liver|AtLocation|on your head
tank|boat|HasA|wheels
pencil|stick|UsedFor|drawing or painting
mole|elk|CapableOf|go underground
elk|giraffe|IsA|has horns
bedroom|carpet|MadeOf|wood typically
faucet|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
freezer|closet|CapableOf|be plumbed in
clamp|rope|MadeOf|metal/steel
canoe|sailboat|HasProperty|colored red
leopard|tiger|IsA|predator 
car|wheel|HasA|wheels
tower|hand|PartOf|house
onions|duck|AtLocation|in water
turtle|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
eagle|pelican|IsA|alive 
giraffe|tiger|AtLocation|in africa
shotgun|barrel|HasA|finger trigger
barn|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
kite|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
banana|plum|IsA|long fruit
daughter|princess|PartOf|your family
mink|hare|UsedFor|swimming
falcon|pigeon|CapableOf|attack others
oven|stove|UsedFor|cooking food
wife|father|CapableOf|become pregnant 
father|girl|IsA|family member
duck|potato|IsA|animal
deer|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
worm|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
hose|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
toaster|freezer|UsedFor|making food
rabbit|mink|IsA|herbivore
deer|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
crayon|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
necklace|dress|HasProperty|worn on the neck
wrist|finger|HasProperty|part of a pair
stereo|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
eye|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
blood|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
giraffe|tiger|HasA|hooves
floor|roof|PartOf|a house
barn|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
mixer|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
stereo|wheel|IsA|related to music 
fridge|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
cougar|elk|HasA|thick body
guitar|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
bridge|chapel|HasA| place for worship
jet|helicopter|HasA|wings
elbow|forearm|IsA|specific joint
celery|cherry|IsA|vegetable
pencil|screwdriver|UsedFor|cutting
cottage|hut|IsA|place to live permanently
cousin|prince|IsA|family member
girlfriend|cousin|HasProperty|female
finger|knee|PartOf|the upper body
magazine|wheel|MadeOf|paper
gorilla|zebra|CapableOf|walk on 2 feet
barrel|screws|UsedFor|storing wine
squid|mackerel|HasA|legs
cheetah|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
camel|tiger|UsedFor|human transport
ankle|eye|AtLocation|below your waist
tuna|lobster|IsA|fish
ceiling|hand|PartOf|building
carpet|bedroom|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
mouth|brow|HasProperty|about mouth
banana|coconut|IsA|physical fruit or veg
pistol|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
pliers|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
cod|mackerel|HasA|name beginning with c
boat|airplane|CapableOf|float 
pants|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
truck|skis|MadeOf|metal
kidney|liver|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
camel|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
liquor|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
chicken|goat|HasA|wings
kettle|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
bedroom|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
shrimp|perch|HasA|shell
hose|fan|AtLocation|kitchen
drill|stick|IsA|construction tool
candle|mirror|CapableOf|generate light
faucet|rope|CapableOf|provide water
alligator|raccoon|IsA|predator
drill|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
window|tower|PartOf|a house
shoulder|leg|PartOf|upper body
boat|bike|IsA|powered vehicle
father|mother|IsA|male
flute|bagpipe|HasA|reed to make it work
barrel|rope|CapableOf|transport liquids
snail|alligator|HasA|a shell
actress|girl|IsA|occupation
worker|nurse|HasProperty|male
pelican|eagle|HasA|long beak
typewriter|knife|UsedFor|writing
squid|crab|IsA|mollusk
squirrel|groundhog|IsA|herbivore
elephant|goat|UsedFor|riding
plug|rope|IsA|electric 
stereo|rock|UsedFor|listening to music
hawk|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
chisel|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
horse|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
violin|piano|HasA|neck
raspberry|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
bathroom|ceiling|PartOf|another card 
bison|horse|HasA|fur
coconut|pear|HasA|usually inedible skin
rifle|cannon|UsedFor|bullets
rifle|cannon|CapableOf|be held in a hand
boots|pants|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
bed|bedroom|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
drill|typewriter|IsA|construction tool
boat|saucer|UsedFor|transportation
worker|wife|IsA|profession
cranberry|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
hose|clamp|UsedFor|a vehicle
cherry|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
dishwasher|ladle|HasA|power supply
alligator|iguana|AtLocation|in a river 
ladle|colander|UsedFor|transferring liquids
mouth|neck|IsA|(one of five) human senses
flute|guitar|CapableOf|be played with mouth
flea|turtle|IsA|bug
arm|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
church|barn|IsA|religious place
wrist|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
microwave|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
frog|bison|IsA|teeth
princess|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
pencil|drill|CapableOf|writing
gun|cannon|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
scarf|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
bolts|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
necklace|chandelier|HasProperty|something to be worn
sink|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
tiger|goat|IsA|teeth
finger|arm|HasA|nails
crab|trout|HasA|legs
elbow|leg|PartOf|the upper body
wasp|worm|HasProperty|an insect
orange|celery|IsA|fruit
deer|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
hose|drill|IsA|vessel
cat|frog|HasA|tail
chapel|church|HasA|own altar
wrist|knee|HasProperty|upper body
lemon|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
toe|nail|AtLocation|below the knee
elk|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
finger|neck|HasA|nails
knees|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
hose|barrel|HasProperty|flexible
screws|gun|UsedFor|harm
toaster|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
avocado|grapefruit|HasProperty|sweet
saxophone|trumpet|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
aunt|cousin|HasProperty|female
trombone|bagpipe|IsA|brass instrument
pants|tray|IsA|item of clothing
lemon|orange|IsA|fruit
caribou|zebra|HasA|antlers/tusks
pipe|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
eye|nail|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
pistol|drill|IsA|firearm
wheel|faucet|PartOf|tire
sheep|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
hair|toe|AtLocation|on your head
rabbit|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
socks|sack|IsA|piece of clothing
squirrel|frog|HasA|tail
avocado|garlic|HasA|any green on it 
screwdriver|typewriter|AtLocation|construction site
scarf|blouse|IsA|accessory
bacon|supper|HasProperty|mainly meat
rabbit|camel|HasA|fur
eye|liver|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
peach|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
elk|coyote|HasA|horn
neck|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
banjo|accordion|HasA|strings
leg|walls|PartOf|human body
flea|worm|PartOf|water
daughter|princess|IsA|direct or immediate relation
shoulder|forearm|HasProperty|bendable
cod|zebra|IsA|fish
hare|mink|IsA|animal with long ears
gate|church|AtLocation|at your home
kettle|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
stork|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
boy|wife|IsA|male
trousers|blouse|IsA|worn on the lower body
tiger|bison|IsA|teeth
faucet|wheel|CapableOf|be turned on
prune|grapefruit|HasA|(usually) edible skin
saxophone|flute|IsA|brass instrument
chapel|church|HasProperty|a black and white picture
kidney|elbow|AtLocation|inside
ship|bowl|UsedFor|transportation in water
pliers|scissors|IsA|construction tool
beaver|coyote|CapableOf|climb trees
caterpillar|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
rabbit|elephant|HasA|fur
caterpillar|squirrel|IsA|bug
shoulder|finger|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
dress|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
wine|milk|HasProperty|alcoholic
skirt|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
cod|eel|IsA|fish
brush|spatula|CapableOf|be used for hair
eye|body|AtLocation|inside
yacht|tank|AtLocation|in water
gown|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
squirrel|skunk|HasA|long tail
caribou|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
bolts|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
cheetah|crocodile|IsA|type of cat
toe|leg|PartOf|the upper body
princess|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
falcon|kite|CapableOf|attack others
bungalow|chapel|IsA|place to live permanently
skirt|bag|IsA|worn on the lower body
aunt|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
grapefruit|pineapple|IsA|citrus fruit
rocket|rope|CapableOf|be launched/fired
comb|pen|UsedFor|grooming
caribou|tiger|IsA|has horns
avocado|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
pliers|stick|AtLocation|construction site
meal|steak|HasA|vegetable(s)
mixer|rope|IsA|related to music 
crab|tuna|HasA|legs/tentacles 
toaster|sink|UsedFor|heating items up
horse|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
raspberry|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
man|princess|IsA|male
foot|body|AtLocation|below the knee
perch|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
toaster|tray|UsedFor|making food
butterfly|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
spoon|bottle|HasA|handle
boy|man|HasA|the color brown in it
room|finger|PartOf|room
trumpet|guitar|CapableOf|be blown into
catfish|perch|IsA|fish
elk|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
trousers|sack|IsA|worn on the lower body
rifle|wheel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
pony|goat|IsA|teeth
avocado|banana|HasA|big seed
bike|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
finger|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
lantern|necklace|HasProperty|makes light
hut|cottage|HasProperty|a black and white picture
potato|chicken|IsA|fruit or vegetable
wasp|caterpillar|HasA|wings
buffalo|crocodile|HasA|antlers/tusks
microwave|dishwasher|UsedFor|cooking food
butter|wine|IsA|diary food
radio|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
jacket|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
saxophone|flute|MadeOf|strings
stork|starling|HasA|large wingspan
son|cousin|IsA|male
elk|groundhog|HasA|horn
room|leg|PartOf|building
caribou|elephant|IsA|specific type of deer
hyena|caribou|IsA|predator 
helicopter|jet|HasA|the ability to fly
owl|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
mother|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
hand|knee|PartOf|upper body
avocado|orange|HasA|edible skin
pear|prune|HasA|peel
hawk|kite|HasA|large wing span
tiger|horse|HasA|stripes
kettle|bucket|UsedFor|boiling water
elephant|camel|HasA|horn
butterfly|snail|IsA|insect
knees|neck|IsA|plural
skunk|porcupine|CapableOf|be held 
avocado|prune|HasA|big seed
plug|hose|IsA|electronic device
bridge|cottage|HasA| place for worship
deck|finger|PartOf|house
shield|robe|UsedFor|protection
caribou|zebra|IsA|has horns
shrimp|salmon|HasA|shell
celery|corn|IsA|green vegetable
tuna|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
door|carpet|PartOf|the entrance to a room
vulture|kite|HasProperty|a predator
elbow|finger|UsedFor|waving
deck|walls|UsedFor|working with computer
bike|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
wrist|leg|AtLocation|upper body
neck|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
microwave|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
tongue|neck|IsA|(one of five) human senses
fingers|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
bolts|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
frog|camel|UsedFor|food products
skirt|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
milk|steak|IsA|diary food
microwave|tray|UsedFor|heating items up
plum|avocado|HasA|edible skin (usually)
blood|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
toe|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
knee|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
broccoli|coconut|HasProperty|green
cottage|inn|IsA|place to live permanently
car|yacht|HasA|wheels
duck|buzzard|CapableOf|be a household pet
tape|wheel|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
dog|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
garlic|eggplant|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
mink|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
lamp|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
bathroom|neck|PartOf|building
spatula|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
buggy|bike|HasA|an engine
mother|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
tower|hand|IsA|part of a building
microwave|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
ceiling|roof|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
screwdriver|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
yacht|sled|AtLocation|in water
kettle|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pen|scissors|CapableOf|writing
door|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
deer|skunk|PartOf|herd
eggplant|garlic|HasA|any green on it 
skis|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
milk|bacon|IsA|diary food
bone|arm|AtLocation|on your head
room|ceiling|CapableOf|be opened/closed
drill|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
elephant|frog|UsedFor|riding
bolts|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
deer|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
cigarette|necklace|HasProperty|makes light
whisky|soup|HasProperty|alcoholic
eye|skin|AtLocation|inside
faucet|bolts|CapableOf|provide water
duck|tomato|IsA|animal
foot|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
broccoli|garlic|HasProperty|a green food
toe|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
elephant|bison|UsedFor|human transport
carpet|door|CapableOf|be sat on
helicopter|saucer|AtLocation|in the air
leg|arm|PartOf|lower body
shoes|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
microwave|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
liquor|soup|UsedFor|drinking
caterpillar|frog|IsA|insect
plug|tap|IsA|electronic device
hand|wrist|HasA|nails
wheel|tray|HasProperty|circular
sauce|salad|IsA|colour red
daughter|nurse|IsA|family member
dog|rabbit|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
horse|tiger|UsedFor|riding
bridge|apartment|HasA|start with a b
banana|cherry|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
alligator|snail|CapableOf|be found in the water
pistol|barrel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
groundhog|beaver|CapableOf|go underground
tower|bathroom|AtLocation|on the outside of building
sofa|door|CapableOf|be used to sleep
moth|cat|IsA|bug
wine|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
birch|spade|IsA|tree
leg|fingers|AtLocation|on furniture
man|cousin|IsA|male
rocket|bolts|CapableOf|use electricity
camel|dog|UsedFor|riding
rifle|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
rifle|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
cat|bison|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
gun|hose|CapableOf|used in war
carpet|door|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
bathroom|finger|PartOf|room
wrist|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
stereo|hose|IsA|related to music 
prune|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
robe|shield|HasProperty|something that can be worn
raspberry|prune|IsA|red  or orang
goat|cat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
kettle|sink|HasProperty|consuming electricity
bolts|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
floor|tower|PartOf|garage
mole|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
lemon|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
room|roof|PartOf|room
king|uncle|IsA|direct relation with you
violin|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
strawberry|garlic|IsA|fruit
mackerel|asparagus|HasA|fins
salmon|eel|AtLocation|in sea
bungalow|church|IsA|place to live permanently
fingers|walls|IsA|body part
beaver|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
skunk|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
spear|bed|IsA|weapon 
avocado|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
butterfly|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
toaster|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
forearm|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
toaster|blender|UsedFor|heating items up
elbow|shoulder|UsedFor|waving
ox|caribou|HasA|thick body
wheel|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
rocker|microwave|CapableOf|be use for transportation
spear|willow|IsA|weapon 
worker|woman|IsA|occupation
elk|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
car|skateboard|HasA|wheels
pistol|rope|IsA|firearm
pear|banana|HasA|(usually) edible skin
lemon|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
broccoli|cherry|IsA|vegetable
toe|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
seagull|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
jacket|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
car|skis|HasA|wheels
ankle|neck|IsA|on the lower half 
cat|sheep|IsA|typical pet
paper|mink|IsA|fragile
horse|donkey|HasProperty|used in races
jeans|dress|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
vulture|duck|HasA|large wing span
knee|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
beans|garlic|UsedFor|meat replacement
fridge|colander|IsA|electric powered item
fridge|spoon|IsA|appliance
peach|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
sheep|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
shrimp|eel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
toaster|freezer|UsedFor|cooking food
avocado|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
cat|deer|IsA|typical pet
wrist|forearm|IsA|specific joint
falcon|dove|HasA|large wingspan
flute|harpsichord|HasA|reed to make it work
cheetah|elk|IsA|predator 
rabbit|goat|IsA|teeth
deck|bar|AtLocation|outside a house
piano|trombone|HasA|keyboard
faucet|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
bison|goat|UsedFor|riding
house|hut|HasProperty|made of concrete
fingers|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
cherry|prune|IsA|red  or orang
ant|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
worm|frog|HasProperty|an insect
gun|screws|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
otter|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
forearm|knee|AtLocation|upper body
eye|liver|HasA|bones
shoulder|leg|HasProperty|upper body
deck|walls|HasA|diagram on it
toe|body|CapableOf|help you walk
blood|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
foot|nail|AtLocation|below your waist
bison|cougar|IsA|has horns
colander|blender|MadeOf|steel mostly
bone|toe|AtLocation|inside
pipe|rope|CapableOf|transport liquids
ladle|sink|CapableOf|scoop things
knife|screwdriver|HasA|sharp edge
crocodile|turtle|HasProperty|dangerous
thigh|arm|HasProperty|lower body
door|wall|PartOf|the entrance to a room
ceiling|room|CapableOf|let in air
shirt|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
fingers|bathroom|PartOf|human body
gown|bag|HasA|sleeves
nurse|man|HasA|head
squirrel|frog|HasProperty|furry
cello|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
soup|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
cucumber|olive|HasProperty|green
toaster|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
accordion|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
trout|shrimp|HasA|fins
rabbit|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
violin|tuba|HasA|strings
bison|zebra|HasA|horn
meal|salad|HasProperty|meaty
cigarette|necklace|CapableOf|give off light/glow
comb|knife|UsedFor|grooming
trombone|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
grenade|drill|CapableOf|used in war
wrist|neck|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
chisel|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
wife|princess|IsA|direct relation
hand|ceiling|PartOf|human body
hose|wheel|CapableOf|contain water
cheetah|buffalo|IsA|like a cat
soup|steak|IsA|liquid
wrist|foot|HasProperty|upper body
grapefruit|plum|HasA|yellow color
blouse|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
boy|princess|IsA|male
deer|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
duck|potato|IsA|n animal
freezer|cupboard|CapableOf|be plumbed in
radio|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
hair|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
bed|broom|UsedFor|sleeping
room|walls|HasProperty|an enclosed space
dress|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
hand|wrist|HasA|more than one joint
screws|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
shoes|trousers|AtLocation|foot
rope|gun|UsedFor|harm
pistol|wheel|IsA|firearm
window|tower|PartOf|another card 
truck|raft|HasA|an engine
ant|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
elk|squirrel|PartOf|herd
snail|cat|IsA|insect
rabbit|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
drill|rope|CapableOf|use electricity
harmonica|piano|IsA|wind instrument
wasp|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
barrel|wheel|IsA|vessel
shoes|dress|PartOf|pair
drill|plate|CapableOf|use electricity
plate|rope|CapableOf|hold water
bedroom|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
alligator|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
daughter|actress|IsA|family member
bridge|house|IsA|public building (typically)
ankle|elbow|AtLocation|bottom half of body
meal|sandwich|HasProperty|meaty
shrimp|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
rifle|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
wasp|cat|IsA|bug
leg|elbow|IsA|on the lower half 
bacon|sandwich|HasProperty|a single item
squirrel|otter|HasA|big ears
daughter|actress|IsA|direct or immediate relation
tiger|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
raspberry|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
dog|cow|HasA|fur
clamp|wheel|UsedFor|restraining things
elk|hare|HasA|horn
olive|corn|IsA|fruit
leg|nail|HasA|bones
spider|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
fridge|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
bedroom|oak|MadeOf|one or more rooms
frog|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
raccoon|deer|CapableOf|be held 
banana|pear|HasProperty|yellow
princess|girl|IsA|profession/title
elephant|mouse|CapableOf|kill a human
paintbrush|typewriter|HasA|bushy tail
trousers|coat|IsA|worn on the lower body
skis|canoe|AtLocation|on a mountain
knee|finger|HasProperty|lower body
boy|girl|HasA|the color brown in it
barrel|wheel|CapableOf|transport liquids
drill|stick|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
father|uncle|IsA|direct relation
tape|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
turtle|snail|CapableOf|be found in the water
stereo|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
chisel|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
squirrel|raccoon|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
olive|lime|HasA|hard shell
fawn|groundhog|PartOf|herd
scooter|canoe|CapableOf|roll
ceiling|room|PartOf|room
plug|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
cucumber|lemon|HasProperty|green
deck|finger|PartOf|building
plate|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
plum|prune|IsA|physical fruit or veg
finger|roof|PartOf|body
bridge|hut|HasA|start with a b
toaster|dishwasher|UsedFor|cooking food
plug|rope|IsA|electronic device
gown|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
yacht|bike|HasA|an engine
groundhog|hare|CapableOf|go underground
foot|skin|CapableOf|help you walk
skis|truck|UsedFor|snow
fingers|floor|PartOf|human body
ankle|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
hose|wheel|CapableOf|transport liquids
cheetah|elk|IsA|type of big cat
pony|elephant|AtLocation|typically europe
mink|squirrel|HasProperty|living in water
cherry|avocado|PartOf|group or bunch 
paintbrush|scissors|UsedFor|brushing
bone|kidney|HasA|bones
otter|hare|AtLocation|water usually
radio|fridge|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
wasp|beetle|HasProperty|typically able to fly
pony|horse|IsA|teeth
alligator|groundhog|CapableOf|live in water
dog|horse|HasA|fur
frog|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
cat|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
man|boy|IsA|head
goat|dog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
boat|jeep|UsedFor|water
guitar|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
skateboard|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
arm|fingers|PartOf|pair
daughter|cousin|IsA|direct relation
dishwasher|ladle|HasProperty|using electricity
gun|grenade|HasA|finger trigger
kidney|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
cabin|oak|UsedFor|human living
shotgun|rocket|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
rabbit|raccoon|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
alligator|snail|HasA| 4 limbs
leopard|camel|IsA|like a cat
socks|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
clarinet|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
fingers|toe|PartOf|the upper body
bedroom|door|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
salad|butter|MadeOf|several ingredients
harp|tuba|HasA|strings
skirt|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
man|doctor|IsA|male
ceiling|finger|IsA|part of a building
coat|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
mixer|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
bacon|sugar|IsA|meat
octopus|perch|IsA|mollusk
paper|plastic|IsA|fragile
toaster|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
elephant|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
mother|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
grenade|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
octopus|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
blender|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
bison|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
thigh|elbow|AtLocation|bottom half of body
supper|steak|HasProperty|two syllables
pants|shirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
pants|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
bedroom|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
sheep|pony|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
elephant|zebra|HasA|trunk
roof|floor|HasProperty|typically vertical
wife|boy|CapableOf|become pregnant 
cigarette|mirror|CapableOf|give off light/glow
bathroom|walls|CapableOf|be opened/closed
peach|banana|HasA|stone 
elk|coyote|HasA|hooves
shirt|skirt|HasA|sleeves
boat|saucer|CapableOf|float 
roof|window|HasA|diagram on it
pants|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
sailboat|truck|AtLocation|in water
actress|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
bike|sled|HasA|wheels
frog|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
vulture|stork|HasProperty|a predator
plum|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
screws|rope|UsedFor|building
perch|octopus|IsA|fish
gown|dress|HasA|sleeves
cigarette|lamp|CapableOf|be set alight with match
pants|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
elbow|shoulder|IsA|joint
buggy|canoe|HasA|wheels
caterpillar|ant|CapableOf|fly
plate|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
neck|blood|HasA|bones
neck|knee|AtLocation|upper body
boy|woman|HasProperty|male
bag|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
ceiling|roof|UsedFor|cooling down
wheel|bike|CapableOf|hold more than one person
arm|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
sheep|cat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
mouth|finger|PartOf|face
stereo|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
fridge|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
tank|grenade|UsedFor|firing artillery
butterfly|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
camel|cart|IsA|an animal
knife|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
liquor|salad|IsA|liquid
goat|pony|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
knife|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cherry|lemon|HasA|eatable shell or peel
socks|jeans|UsedFor|feet
deer|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
tractor|skateboard|HasA|wheels
actress|girl|IsA|profession/title
ankle|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cannon|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
mackerel|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
shrimp|trout|HasA|shell
perch|shrimp|HasA|fins
tuba|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
leg|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
wheel|tap|PartOf|tire
bridge|inn|HasA|start with a b
donkey|cat|UsedFor|human transport
clarinet|trumpet|HasProperty|single-reed
pencil|crayon|UsedFor|cutting
horse|cart|HasA|tail
avocado|pear|HasA|stone 
grenade|barrel|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
stove|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
tap|mixer|UsedFor|dispensing water
spider|frog|IsA|insect
radio|rope|UsedFor|listening to music
barn|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
dog|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
otter|hare|CapableOf|climb on tree
toe|knee|PartOf|the upper body
blouse|tray|CapableOf|be worn
blender|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
ant|worm|IsA|crustecean
elbow|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
bolts|rope|HasA|a type of metal
hand|finger|PartOf|pair
camel|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
neck|ankle|PartOf|upper body
crocodile|snail|HasA| 4 limbs
aunt|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
cannon|rocket|UsedFor|firing artillery
beetle|frog|IsA|insect
olive|coconut|HasProperty|green
bed|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
pen|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
ankle|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
cheetah|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
wine|sauce|UsedFor|drinking
squirrel|turtle|PartOf|water
broom|birch|IsA|man made item
lemon|cherry|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
ankle|elbow|UsedFor|walking
deck|bar|UsedFor|working with computer
onions|avocado|HasProperty|yellow or orange
hand|forearm|AtLocation|below where a watch is
gun|cannon|CapableOf|blow things up
boat|wheel|UsedFor|single person transport
porcupine|mink|HasA|obvious defense mechanism
paintbrush|stick|UsedFor|drawing or painting
blood|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
cherry|corn|IsA|fruit
tomato|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
mink|hare|HasProperty|living in water
hand|finger|HasA|more than 1 finger
celery|beans|HasA|any green on it 
buffalo|elephant|HasA|horn
doctor|man|IsA|occupation
lemon|garlic|HasA|seeds
bacon|sandwich|IsA|meat
mole|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
banana|cherry|IsA|long fruit
blender|sink|HasA|electrical parts
worm|beetle|HasA|no legs
toaster|kettle|UsedFor|cooking food
moth|squirrel|IsA|insect
cherry|avocado|HasA|(usually) edible skin
window|walls|CapableOf|let in air
wheelbarrow|blouse|IsA|an accessory
raccoon|elk|CapableOf|be held 
neck|deck|IsA|body part
boat|jeep|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
kettle|toaster|CapableOf|hold water
ceiling|floor|CapableOf|let in air
mother|father|HasProperty|female
pineapple|coconut|IsA|physical fruit or veg
deer|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
bedroom|apartment|HasA|start with a b
bridge|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
bagpipe|piano|MadeOf|strings
faucet|clamp|AtLocation|kitchen
beetle|cat|IsA|insect
mink|skunk|HasProperty|4 letters long
raspberry|grapefruit|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
wasp|flea|HasA|wings
liver|body|AtLocation|inside
peach|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
fridge|ladle|HasA|power supply
aunt|cousin|HasA|a blood relation with you
wheel|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
butterfly|spider|HasA|no legs
bison|tiger|IsA|has horns
pony|cow|AtLocation|jungle
neck|bathroom|PartOf|body
typewriter|drill|UsedFor|writing
steak|salad|HasProperty|mainly meat
body|toe|IsA|limb
crab|mackerel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
radio|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
canoe|skis|AtLocation|in water
otter|mole|CapableOf|climb on tree
beer|milk|IsA|alcohol
saxophone|bagpipe|HasA|reed to make it work
neck|nail|HasA|bones
eagle|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
vulture|duck|IsA|bird of prey
banana|plum|PartOf|group or bunch 
bed|willow|IsA|man made thing
piano|tuba|MadeOf|strings
house|cathedral|HasA|own altar
stereo|tap|IsA|electronic device
plate|wheel|IsA|vessel
butterfly|worm|CapableOf|fly 
carpet|curtains|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
mink|rabbit|CapableOf|climb trees
walls|leg|IsA|part of a building
church|house|UsedFor|a place of worship
orange|onions|IsA|fruit
door|curtains|MadeOf|wood
shoulder|knee|PartOf|upper body
harp|flute|HasA|strings
walls|floor|HasProperty|typically vertical
rocket|drill|CapableOf|be launched/fired
banana|grapefruit|HasProperty|yellow
knees|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
moth|ant|CapableOf|flying
elbow|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
rope|clamp|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
elk|mole|HasA|hooves
pistol|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
skateboard|raft|HasA|wheels
girlfriend|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
tap|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
elephant|camel|HasA|horns 
aunt|cousin|HasA|multiple people pictured
snail|caterpillar|AtLocation|nature
thigh|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
dishwasher|kettle|HasProperty|big
mink|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
bedroom|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
lamp|cigarette|MadeOf|glass
sauce|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
saxophone|piano|IsA|brass instrument
son|uncle|IsA|direct relation with you
hyena|camel|IsA|type of cat
foot|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
falcon|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
nose|lips|IsA|(one of five) human senses
jeep|skis|HasA|wheels
gown|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
mixer|radio|UsedFor|mixing audio inputs
mug|tray|HasA|handle
boots|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
chicken|tuna|HasA|legs
fingers|room|IsA|body part
rifle|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
blouse|trousers|HasA|sleeves
rocker|magazine|CapableOf|be turned on
shoes|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
ankle|finger|PartOf|lower body
paintbrush|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
pipe|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
flute|harmonica|HasA|reed to make it work
skirt|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
skirt|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
shoes|jacket|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
coat|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
room|floor|HasProperty|an enclosed space
forearm|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
tuna|perch|IsA|fish
radio|wheel|IsA|electric 
tower|bar|HasProperty|typically vertical
princess|sister|IsA|profession
daughter|princess|IsA|family member
eye|body|IsA|on the lower half 
trout|squid|IsA|fish
ox|camel|HasA|thick body
radio|rock|CapableOf|be turned on
neck|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
stove|door|UsedFor|making food
drill|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
caribou|cougar|IsA|has horns
liver|elbow|AtLocation|in the torso
king|daughter|IsA|man
elephant|dog|UsedFor|human transport
salmon|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
paintbrush|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
elbow|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
gun|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
horse|camel|UsedFor|eating
pipe|wheel|CapableOf|transport liquids
rabbit|tomato|IsA|n animal
worker|nurse|HasA|hat
celery|avocado|IsA|green vegetable 
deer|crocodile|HasA|antlers/tusks
buggy|canoe|HasA|an engine
pelican|hawk|AtLocation|at a beach
eye|kidney|HasA|bones
screws|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
wasp|spider|CapableOf|fly
giraffe|elephant|HasA|long neck
screws|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
necklace|chandelier|AtLocation|on neck
pine|spade|IsA|tree
necklace|cigarette|AtLocation|on neck
hand|neck|MadeOf|a whole body part
clarinet|flute|MadeOf|strings
hair|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
barrel|wheel|CapableOf|store or transport water
toe|skin|CapableOf|help you walk
butterfly|worm|HasProperty|an insect
king|father|AtLocation|in a royal family
coat|skirt|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
rattlesnake|alligator|HasProperty|poisonous
wrist|shoulder|UsedFor|waving
dishwasher|spoon|HasProperty|consuming electricity
sack|jacket|IsA|an accessory
pants|candle|CapableOf|be worn
blouse|candle|CapableOf|be worn
paintbrush|chisel|CapableOf|make holes 
stereo|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
gun|drill|IsA|firearm
leg|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
blood|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
bolts|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
hawk|kite|CapableOf|attack others
tap|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
shield|robe|IsA|logo
nurse|woman|IsA|profession
mole|hare|AtLocation|on tree
door|bed|CapableOf|be opened and closed
faucet|stereo|UsedFor|dispensing water
trumpet|flute|MadeOf|brass
gun|plate|CapableOf|used in war
typewriter|chisel|UsedFor|writing
gate|building|IsA|component of a home
harp|clarinet|HasA|strings
hose|barrel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
tuna|asparagus|HasA|fins
beer|soup|HasProperty|alcoholic
tank|screws|IsA|vessel
buggy|skis|MadeOf|metal
rifle|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
bed|chapel|IsA|component of a home
donkey|goat|IsA|teeth
elephant|cart|CapableOf|fly
camel|bison|UsedFor|human transport
knees|elbow|PartOf|the lower body
tuna|eel|IsA|fish
truck|wheel|HasA|wheels
finger|wrist|HasA|more than one joint
doctor|aunt|IsA|male
razor|knife|CapableOf|be used for hair
rifle|bolts|IsA|firearm
yacht|buggy|AtLocation|in water
man|girlfriend|IsA|male
wife|actress|IsA|direct relation
floor|bar|PartOf|house
plum|prune|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
shotgun|rocket|CapableOf|be held in a hand
goat|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
rope|pistol|UsedFor|harm
razor|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
tiger|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
elbow|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
daughter|princess|HasA|blood relation with you
gun|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
tractor|skateboard|HasA|an engine
plug|tape|HasA|a type of metal
bayonet|bed|IsA|weapon
raspberry|prune|HasProperty|red
onions|eggplant|HasProperty|needs peeling
barrel|cannon|UsedFor|harm
skirt|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
cow|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
actress|man|HasA|the color brown in it
tank|cannon|IsA|vessel
sauce|soup|IsA|liquid
pipe|tank|HasProperty|circular
banana|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
window|neck|IsA|part of a building
garlic|beans|IsA|purple vegetable
falcon|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
tank|canoe|HasA|an engine
faucet|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
knees|foot|IsA|plural
drill|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
soup|chocolate|IsA|liquid
boat|wheel|IsA|powered vehicle
finger|throat|HasProperty|more than one for people
wife|aunt|IsA|direct relation
socks|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
daughter|actress|HasA|multiple people pictured
orange|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
wall|sofa|UsedFor|lighting
chapel|house|UsedFor|religious gatherings
hose|rock|HasA|a type of metal
skirt|candle|CapableOf|be worn
celery|onions|HasProperty|green
mackerel|crab|IsA|fish
jeans|blouse|HasProperty|worn below the waist
father|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
dress|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
boat|raft|HasA|motor
wrist|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
room|neck|PartOf|building
lamp|necklace|MadeOf|/contain glass
tape|faucet|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
mother|woman|IsA|family member
shotgun|cannon|CapableOf|blow things up
nose|neck|PartOf|face
gown|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
beaver|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
robe|jacket|HasA|male on it
fridge|sink|IsA|electric powered item
crab|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
leg|deck|PartOf|human body
caterpillar|ant|HasA|no legs
tank|pipe|CapableOf|use electricity
avocado|corn|IsA|green vegetable
muscle|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
cello|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
cat|rattlesnake|PartOf|water
banana|avocado|IsA|fruit
violin|trumpet|HasA|keys
rabbit|otter|HasA|long ears
tray|screws|HasProperty|part of a car
buffalo|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
strainer|tank|HasProperty|circular
frog|rabbit|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
mixer|bolts|CapableOf|make or play music
flute|banjo|CapableOf|be blown into
crayon|spatula|CapableOf|make holes 
lemon|orange|HasProperty|yellow
father|cousin|IsA|male
jacket|shoes|AtLocation|upper part of body
camel|crocodile|HasA|horn
ankle|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
grapefruit|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
muscle|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
father|doctor|IsA|male
socks|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
rifle|wheel|IsA|firearm
snail|squirrel|MadeOf|small animals
skirt|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
knees|finger|HasProperty|lower body
roof|finger|PartOf|house
liver|leg|AtLocation|inside
catfish|squid|IsA|fish
banjo|trombone|PartOf|strings
microwave|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
arm|elbow|MadeOf|a whole body part
deer|crocodile|IsA|has horns
wrist|leg|HasProperty|upper body
oven|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
leg|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
elk|groundhog|HasA|hooves
grapefruit|strawberry|IsA|citrus fruit
pepper|lime|IsA|vegetable
neck|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
paintbrush|razor|UsedFor|crafts
kettle|mug|UsedFor|boiling water
falcon|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
hose|wheel|IsA|vessel
beetle|spider|CapableOf|fly
blender|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
blood|neck|AtLocation|on your head
pliers|spatula|IsA|construction tool
bag|dress|IsA|an accessory
pony|deer|UsedFor|human transport
girlfriend|aunt|HasProperty|two syllables
chocolate|potatoes|MadeOf|cup
toe|elbow|UsedFor|walking
ant|frog|IsA|insect
truck|scooter|HasA|more than two wheels
salmon|octopus|HasA|fins
pliers|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
microwave|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
squid|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
bison|elk|HasA|thick body
freezer|toilet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
knee|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
cat|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
lantern|tray|UsedFor|lighting
raspberry|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin (usually)
grapefruit|pear|HasA|usually inedible skin
bison|ox|UsedFor|travel
trumpet|banjo|HasA|tube
squirrel|skunk|HasA|big ears
toe|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
bison|rabbit|IsA|carnivore 
pipe|gun|UsedFor|harm
pants|shoes|AtLocation|above the feet
girlfriend|worker|IsA|female (strictly)
bagpipe|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
nurse|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
toe|leg|HasA|nail
ankle|toe|IsA|joint
tiger|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
girl|father|HasProperty|female
grenade|cannon|CapableOf|be held in a hand
deer|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
stereo|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
hose|wheel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
lime|tomato|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
tuba|clarinet|IsA|brass instrument
wasp|snail|CapableOf|flying
mixer|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
wrist|toe|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
spider|snail|HasA|legs, six or more
stereo|rope|IsA|related to music 
tank|wheel|IsA|vessel
asparagus|shrimp|IsA|vegetable
yacht|skis|AtLocation|in water
cow|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
birch|spear|HasProperty|alive
church|apartment|IsA|religious place
hand|neck|HasProperty|something humans have two of
toaster|kettle|UsedFor|making food
catfish|trout|IsA|name begging with c
jeans|dress|PartOf|pair
hand|bar|PartOf|human body
deck|hand|PartOf|building
knees|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
trumpet|saxophone|HasA|start with a t
stereo|clamp|IsA|related to music 
throat|brow|AtLocation|below mouth
helicopter|ship|AtLocation|in the air
woman|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
eel|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
raft|scooter|AtLocation|in water
fan|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
foot|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
elk|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
tiger|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
ankle|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
clamp|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
spider|beetle|CapableOf|flying
stereo|mixer|IsA|digital device
princess|man|IsA|occupation
plug|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
clarinet|trombone|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
jeans|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
airplane|ship|CapableOf|fly
aunt|girl|HasA|blood relation with you
pen|knife|CapableOf|make holes 
nail|liver|IsA|organ
princess|cousin|CapableOf|become pregnant 
caribou|cougar|HasA|antlers or tusks
church|building|IsA|religious place
bedroom|curtains|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
tuna|chicken|IsA|water animal
cigarette|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
tap|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
shoes|pants|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
horse|tiger|IsA|herbivore
thermometer|tray|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
boy|actress|HasProperty|steel
daughter|aunt|IsA|direct or immediate relation
stereo|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
bedroom|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
jet|bowl|UsedFor|transportation
dishwasher|door|IsA|electrical appliance
fingers|walls|PartOf|human body
horse|deer|UsedFor|riding
camel|frog|UsedFor|human transport
girlfriend|girl|IsA|family member
chicken|potato|IsA|animal
donkey|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
sauce|milk|IsA|colour red
drill|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
kettle|tray|HasA|handle
typewriter|stick|UsedFor|typing on paper
trousers|jacket|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
trombone|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
typewriter|pen|HasA|keyboard
kettle|dishwasher|CapableOf|change temperature of things
liver|bone|IsA|limb
pants|bag|IsA|piece of clothing
kite|owl|HasA|large wingspan
cello|tuba|UsedFor|sound
pencil|chisel|CapableOf|writing
window|room|HasA|glass
raccoon|skunk|HasProperty|originated from north america
fawn|raccoon|HasA|horn
sheep|bison|IsA|teeth
nurse|father|IsA|profession
bag|coat|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
father|girl|IsA|male
tuba|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
dog|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
arm|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
bar|neck|IsA|part of a building
seagull|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
mug|bucket|MadeOf|ceramic materials
pineapple|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
caterpillar|worm|CapableOf|fly
foot|neck|HasProperty|lower body
spade|pine|IsA|tool
lime|lemon|HasProperty|green
pen|stick|UsedFor|writing
tap|rope|UsedFor|dispensing water
wasp|spider|HasA|wings
camel|deer|UsedFor|a mode of transport
cheetah|bison|IsA|predator 
seagull|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
clamp|bolts|UsedFor|restraining things
doctor|father|HasProperty|a profession
pencil|spatula|CapableOf|make holes 
boy|girl|HasProperty|steel
rope|rock|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
inn|cabin|HasProperty|made of concrete
camel|cart|IsA|herbivore
bag|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
flute|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
actress|boy|HasA|an adult on it
cannon|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
fingers|window|PartOf|human body
hose|tape|HasA|string or line
wheel|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
salad|chocolate|MadeOf|several ingredients
lamb|onions|IsA|n animal
rifle|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
gun|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
goat|rabbit|CapableOf|eating
room|roof|PartOf|another card 
tuna|squid|IsA|fish
candle|thermometer|IsA|source of light
doctor|wife|IsA|male
finger|elbow|HasA|more than one joint
girl|worker|UsedFor|transportation
wasp|turtle|IsA|bug
plug|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
pliers|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
razor|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
scissors|knife|CapableOf|be used for hair
daughter|king|IsA|family
rabbit|duck|AtLocation|in water
tongue|lips|IsA|(one of five) human senses
pistol|drill|CapableOf|be launched/fired
cow|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
scarf|tray|CapableOf|be worn
arm|foot|PartOf|upper body
spider|squirrel|IsA|bug
wheel|plug|PartOf|tire
dishwasher|fridge|IsA|automatic (works itself)
jeep|wheel|HasA|an engine
thigh|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
sofa|curtains|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
eel|crab|HasA|fins
rabbit|mole|IsA|animal with long ears
gun|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
shield|blouse|IsA|logo
actress|girl|HasA|the color brown in it
stereo|fan|CapableOf|produce sound (directly or cabled)
leg|fingers|PartOf|lower body
broccoli|corn|IsA|green vegetable 
leg|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
tank|raft|HasA|wheels
bolts|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
horse|dog|AtLocation|on a farm 
caribou|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
toe|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
shoulder|fingers|HasA|less than three joints
blood|liver|AtLocation|on your head
walls|fingers|PartOf|building
fan|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
ankle|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
fingers|walls|PartOf|body
boots|sack|IsA|piece of clothing
sailboat|jeep|UsedFor|water
yacht|wheel|HasA|engine
apartment|hut|IsA|place to live permanently
door|sofa|MadeOf|wood typically
hare|squirrel|HasProperty|4 letters long
father|uncle|IsA|parentage relation
bison|cougar|HasA|hooves
razor|screwdriver|HasA|sharp edge
tape|mixer|CapableOf|work without electricity
wheel|tank|AtLocation|at home
alligator|rabbit|CapableOf|hunt other animals
hair|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
father|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
drill|pipe|CapableOf|use electricity
blender|tray|UsedFor|making food
wife|man|IsA|family member
cupboard|curtains|MadeOf|wood typically
cat|caterpillar|AtLocation|nature
magazine|rope|UsedFor|reading
window|tower|PartOf|garage
bedroom|curtains|MadeOf|wood
carpet|bedroom|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
hand|deck|IsA|body part
raft|bike|UsedFor|water
nail|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
arm|bathroom|IsA|body part
lime|orange|HasProperty|green
hawk|pelican|IsA|alive 
caribou|ox|HasA|antler
rocket|rifle|UsedFor|harm
bungalow|inn|HasProperty|for the rich
sister|cousin|IsA|sibling
radio|rock|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
skunk|raccoon|HasProperty|5 letters long
elk|crocodile|HasA|antlers/tusks
metal|plastic|IsA|bottle
kettle|bucket|MadeOf|metal
bridge|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
scarf|coat|IsA|accessory
eagle|duck|HasProperty|a predator
toe|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
razor|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
cockroach|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
arm|finger|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
mink|skunk|HasA|long tail
finger|thigh|PartOf|upper body
pants|shoes|HasProperty|covering the legs
sheep|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
throat|tongue|AtLocation|below mouth
screwdriver|pen|UsedFor|driving screws
room|walls|CapableOf|be opened/closed
dishwasher|cupboard|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
paintbrush|razor|CapableOf|writing
crayon|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
tap|rock|CapableOf|provide water
leg|finger|AtLocation|on furniture
rocker|plug|CapableOf|make sound
walls|tower|PartOf|another card 
cherry|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
trousers|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
stereo|bolts|CapableOf|make or play music
orange|lemon|CapableOf|be used as a color
clamp|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
broccoli|onions|HasProperty|green (most part)
barn|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
hose|plug|UsedFor|water
saxophone|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
plum|banana|HasA|edible skin (usually)
bison|cougar|HasA|horns 
cottage|chapel|IsA|place to live permanently
building|cottage|HasProperty|made of concrete
pencil|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
bolts|tank|AtLocation|in a toolbox
beer|salad|IsA|liquid
socks|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
raccoon|porcupine|CapableOf|be held 
raccoon|otter|HasA|long tail
skin|blood|IsA|limb
cougar|crocodile|IsA|like a cat
father|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
cow|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
floor|bathroom|PartOf|garage
kettle|closet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
hose|rocket|CapableOf|transport liquids
buggy|scooter|HasProperty|consuming fuel
canoe|jeep|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
radio|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
bungalow|hut|HasProperty|for the rich
cat|elephant|IsA|common pet
shoes|jacket|AtLocation|foot
grenade|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
porcupine|squirrel|HasA|obvious defense mechanism
chisel|screwdriver|HasA|sharp edge
bolts|rocket|UsedFor|building
foot|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
worm|frog|IsA|bug
cousin|worker|IsA|family member
bed|house|IsA|component of a home
radio|clamp|IsA|related to music 
liver|ankle|AtLocation|inside
king|brother|AtLocation|in a royal family
fridge|colander|CapableOf|make things cold
uncle|prince|HasProperty|a family member
frog|horse|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
frog|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
coat|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
wheel|radio|AtLocation|kitchen
yacht|sailboat|HasA|motor
wasp|worm|CapableOf|flying
daughter|father|IsA|family
pistol|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
cathedral|house|UsedFor|religious gatherings
salmon|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
lantern|cigarette|MadeOf|glass
knees|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
rifle|rocket|CapableOf|fire bullets
spear|birch|IsA|man made thing
brother|cousin|IsA|male
candle|tray|CapableOf|generate light
trousers|dress|HasProperty|worn below the waist
squid|eel|IsA|mollusk
butterfly|snail|HasA|wings
falcon|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
woman|cousin|CapableOf|become pregnant 
caribou|ox|IsA|specific type of deer
sink|kettle|UsedFor|washing dishes
rope|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
shoes|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
toe|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
caterpillar|spider|CapableOf|fly
hand|window|PartOf|human body
leopard|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
gun|plate|IsA|firearm
butter|sugar|IsA|diary food
spoon|blender|MadeOf|steel mostly
coyote|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
daughter|cousin|IsA|direct or immediate relation
cougar|caribou|AtLocation|in hot climates 
forearm|neck|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
bed|cupboard|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
truck|wheel|UsedFor|single person transport
dress|jeans|AtLocation|upper part of body
arm|toe|IsA|upper body part
clamp|fan|MadeOf|metal/steel
roof|room|AtLocation|on the outside of building
wrist|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
barrel|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
shrimp|cod|HasA|legs/tentacles 
caribou|giraffe|IsA|has horns
forearm|hand|HasA|less than three joints
ant|cat|IsA|insect
cupboard|wall|CapableOf|opening/closing
dishwasher|colander|HasA|electrical parts
knife|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
brush|pencil|UsedFor|grooming
wheel|tap|MadeOf|metal/steel
crocodile|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
horse|rabbit|UsedFor|a mode of transport
raspberry|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
rocker|tap|IsA|related to music 
shotgun|rocket|HasA|finger trigger
worker|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
coconut|garlic|IsA|fruit
rock|plug|CapableOf|make sound
trousers|boots|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
church|bridge|IsA|religion buildings
mirror|necklace|MadeOf|/contain glass
pen|stick|CapableOf|writing
bar|finger|PartOf|house
wasp|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly 
crayon|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
cherry|raspberry|HasA|stone inside
kettle|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
finger|deck|IsA|body part
seagull|kite|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
tower|leg|IsA|part of a building
toe|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
cigarette|lantern|CapableOf|be set alight with match
lamb|tomato|HasProperty|furry
finger|forearm|HasA|thumb
finger|knees|AtLocation|upper body
clarinet|harp|IsA|wind instrument
father|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
olive|onions|IsA|fruit
caterpillar|spider|HasA|no legs
butterfly|cat|HasProperty|an insect
father|king|HasProperty|a family member
bathroom|roof|PartOf|room
lobster|chicken|IsA|water animal
hut|inn|HasProperty|a black and white picture
wheel|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
stove|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
broccoli|garlic|HasProperty|green (most part)
pipe|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
elk|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
boots|dress|AtLocation|foot
squirrel|snail|HasA|legs
celery|garlic|HasProperty|a green food
leopard|elk|IsA|type of big cat
caribou|camel|IsA|has horns
clamp|plug|MadeOf|steel mainly
finger|elbow|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
stove|cupboard|UsedFor|heating items up
toaster|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
shoes|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
mackerel|shrimp|IsA|fish
actress|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
shoulder|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
milk|wine|IsA|diary food
alligator|rattlesnake|HasA| 4 limbs
arm|shoulder|PartOf|an appendage
cockroach|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
gate|tent|IsA|permanent structure
skirt|pants|IsA|typically female clothing item
octopus|salmon|HasA|legs/tentacles 
salmon|shrimp|IsA|fish
hose|tape|IsA|mostly black in colour
bison|cow|HasA|fur
cherry|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
jeans|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
woman|boy|HasA|color
bison|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
toilet|closet|CapableOf|can you sit on it
kettle|saucer|MadeOf|metal
octopus|eel|HasA|legs
tap|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
pot|kettle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
bison|camel|HasA|thick body
cannon|screws|CapableOf|be launched/fired
blood|nail|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
wheel|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
leopard|camel|IsA|type of cat
coat|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
knee|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
deer|horse|IsA|teeth
catfish|octopus|HasA|fins
bone|elbow|AtLocation|in the torso
shirt|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
iguana|rattlesnake|HasA| 4 limbs
paintbrush|brush|CapableOf|writing
scooter|skateboard|HasA|circular component 
pen|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
paintbrush|spatula|UsedFor|crafts
vulture|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
bike|skateboard|HasA|wheels
chapel|building|IsA|religious place
hyena|deer|IsA|predator 
moth|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
worker|actress|HasA|pay check
mink|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
umbrella|skirt|IsA|white object
tray|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
duck|sparrow|CapableOf|be a household pet
hyena|caribou|HasA|thick body
freezer|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
knee|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
crab|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
sailboat|tractor|AtLocation|in water
fawn|alligator|HasA|antlers/horns
ox|cougar|HasA|horns 
tractor|scooter|CapableOf|carry multiple people
toe|knees|PartOf|the upper body
pen|brush|UsedFor|cutting
drill|scissors|IsA|construction tool
leg|floor|PartOf|human body
crocodile|camel|IsA|predator 
sauce|bacon|IsA|liquid
cow|mouse|CapableOf|jump
shoulder|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
jeep|tractor|HasA|two rows of seats
grenade|wheel|IsA|vessel
skirt|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
comb|spatula|UsedFor|hair
finger|floor|PartOf|body
chapel|tent|HasProperty|a black and white picture
cat|spider|CapableOf|jump
kettle|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
paintbrush|pencil|HasA|bushy tail
sheep|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
plum|prune|HasA|big seed
bungalow|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
leopard|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
tank|gun|UsedFor|firing artillery
finger|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
clarinet|piano|HasA|valves
socks|pants|UsedFor|feet
shotgun|rocket|IsA|weapon
blender|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
rabbit|beaver|HasA|long ear
hyena|bison|CapableOf|hunt for prey
wrist|finger|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
camel|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
hand|fingers|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
doctor|daughter|IsA|male
scooter|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
octopus|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
tower|finger|PartOf|house
harp|bagpipe|HasA|strings
cow|deer|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
carpet|curtains|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
clarinet|piano|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
screws|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
tray|bucket|AtLocation|in the kitchen
bathroom|hand|PartOf|building
toe|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
buggy|yacht|HasA|wheels
avocado|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable
blood|bone|HasProperty|liquid
ankle|neck|AtLocation|below waist
blender|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
stove|fridge|UsedFor|heating items up
pencil|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
guitar|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
toe|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
camel|deer|UsedFor|human transport
eagle|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
neck|fingers|AtLocation|on furniture
pony|dog|UsedFor|human transport
hose|wheel|CapableOf|store or transport water
boat|sled|HasA|motor
avocado|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
sailboat|wheel|AtLocation|in water
butterfly|spider|HasA|wings
paintbrush|knife|UsedFor|drawing or painting
neck|room|IsA|body part
girl|man|IsA|female (strictly)
trombone|piano|CapableOf|be blown into
groundhog|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
rope|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
cannon|rifle|UsedFor|firing artillery
saxophone|trombone|MadeOf|strings
zebra|camel|HasA|stripes
frog|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
church|inn|IsA|place of worship
gun|cannon|CapableOf|fire bullets
pigeon|hawk|PartOf|wild life
tractor|skateboard|HasProperty|consuming fuel
violin|accordion|HasA|keys
saxophone|piano|UsedFor|blowing
deer|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
tank|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
typewriter|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
floor|neck|PartOf|building
elk|hare|PartOf|herd
elephant|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
trumpet|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
paintbrush|pen|UsedFor|brushing
cat|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
camel|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
alligator|iguana|IsA|amphibian
blood|body|AtLocation|inside
jacket|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
fawn|coyote|HasA|horn
elbow|ankle|IsA|upper body part
finger|shoulder|HasA|nails
hare|otter|HasA|big ears
hose|faucet|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
sheep|donkey|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
faucet|bolts|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
leopard|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
kettle|freezer|UsedFor|heating items up
forearm|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
toe|arm|HasProperty|lower body
finger|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
sheep|horse|IsA|teeth
window|roof|HasProperty|enclosed
porcupine|coyote|CapableOf|climb trees
goat|chicken|HasProperty|furry
paintbrush|drill|CapableOf|make holes 
girlfriend|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
cello|trumpet|HasA|strings
blender|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
canoe|boat|HasProperty|colored red
skunk|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
razor|stick|HasA|sharp edge
skin|toe|IsA|limb
man|woman|IsA|male
wood|plastic|IsA|bottle
toe|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
actress|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
crocodile|elephant|IsA|predator 
worker|man|IsA|occupation
knees|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
mixer|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
microwave|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
mackerel|lobster|HasA|fins
aunt|girlfriend|HasA|blood relation with you
church|bridge|UsedFor|religious gatherings
bungalow|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
microwave|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
bed|pine|IsA|man made thing
mixer|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
mixer|wheel|CapableOf|be turned on
arm|leg|PartOf|upper body
eye|hair|HasA|bones
elephant|cat|UsedFor|human transport
duck|pigeon|CapableOf|be a household pet
deer|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
barn|cabin|HasA|start with a b
rope|clamp|AtLocation|kitchen
hyena|elk|IsA|violent creature
pen|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing
vulture|owl|HasA|large wing span
deer|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
barrel|pipe|CapableOf|store or transport water
boat|saucer|CapableOf|be found on water
radio|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
woman|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
plug|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
squirrel|groundhog|IsA|rodent
chisel|spatula|HasA|sharp edge
mouth|nose|HasProperty|about mouth
mink|raccoon|IsA|rodent
leg|floor|IsA|body part
eagle|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
duck|lamb|HasA|wings
horse|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
tent|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
gate|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
tap|fan|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
barrel|rifle|UsedFor|harm
supper|meal|HasProperty|two syllables
dress|skirt|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
church|house|IsA|religion buildings
oven|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
arm|walls|PartOf|body
doctor|boy|HasProperty|a profession
cow|horse|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
boots|sack|AtLocation|on lower body
cat|deer|HasA|fur
zebra|perch|IsA|black and white
jeans|jacket|CapableOf|keep legs warm
frog|mouse|CapableOf|jump
lantern|thermometer|UsedFor|lighting
faucet|plug|MadeOf|metal/steel
catfish|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
tuna|asparagus|IsA|fish
nose|mouth|PartOf|makeup regimen
mink|elk|HasProperty|living in water
violin|trumpet|HasA|strings
bone|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
wrist|toe|PartOf|the upper body
cherry|avocado|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
lamp|scarf|HasProperty|makes light
hose|screws|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
chicken|eel|HasA|legs
aunt|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
magazine|mixer|MadeOf|paper
bone|body|AtLocation|inside
shotgun|cannon|HasA|finger trigger
woman|doctor|IsA|female (strictly)
cat|mouse|IsA|common pet
toe|eye|CapableOf|help you walk
ankle|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
foot|neck|AtLocation|below waist
lime|olive|HasProperty|green
soup|bean|IsA|liquid
porcupine|alligator|IsA|mammal
actress|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
ankle|forearm|IsA|joint
fridge|blender|MadeOf|steel mostly
tiger|goat|IsA|carnivore 
foot|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
foot|skin|AtLocation|below your waist
porcupine|hare|CapableOf|climb trees
alligator|squirrel|AtLocation|in a river 
tower|leg|PartOf|house
plug|rope|HasA|a type of metal
buffalo|camel|HasA|horn
typewriter|brush|UsedFor|writing
radio|fan|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
piano|banjo|HasA|keyboard
pants|coat|HasA|two seperate pant legs
tank|barrel|CapableOf|destroy a building
actress|cousin|IsA|profession
boots|dress|PartOf|pair
peach|prune|HasA|stone 
cat|sheep|UsedFor|food products
pistol|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
boots|jeans|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
walls|roof|PartOf|room
rattlesnake|snail|IsA|reptile
moth|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
doctor|woman|IsA|profession
alligator|fawn|HasProperty|living in water
hose|gun|UsedFor|harm
moth|cat|HasProperty|an insect
magazine|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
squid|tuna|HasA|legs
helicopter|bowl|AtLocation|in the air
sheep|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
belt|screws|UsedFor|restraining things
skirt|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
hyena|ox|AtLocation|in asia or africa
camel|horse|IsA|teeth
sofa|wall|CapableOf|be used to sleep
cherry|grapefruit|HasA|stone inside
dishwasher|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
trumpet|bagpipe|IsA|brass instrument
dog|horse|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
blouse|shoes|HasA|sleeves
spider|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
candle|scarf|HasProperty|makes light
tape|plug|CapableOf|work without electricity
arm|bone|IsA|organ
butterfly|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
mink|hare|AtLocation|water usually
grenade|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
turtle|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
caribou|bison|HasA|antler
saxophone|harp|MadeOf|strings
rope|clamp|UsedFor|a vehicle
daughter|cousin|PartOf|close blood relative
chisel|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
knees|hand|IsA|plural
elephant|crocodile|HasA|trunk
screwdriver|scissors|UsedFor|driving screws
bed|wall|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
oven|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
camel|cow|UsedFor|riding
horse|bison|AtLocation|on a farm 
dog|pony|HasA|fur
cow|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
freezer|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
aunt|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
window|ceiling|CapableOf|be opened/closed
rifle|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
bar|hand|PartOf|house
guitar|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
snail|elephant|HasA|a shell
cod|eel|AtLocation|in sea
pants|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
finger|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
rabbit|skunk|HasA|big ears
lamb|tomato|IsA|animal
sack|gown|IsA|an accessory
chisel|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
coat|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
dress|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
boots|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
trombone|clarinet|HasA|start with a t
lantern|lamp|UsedFor|camping gear
fridge|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
eagle|kite|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
tent|building|AtLocation|at your home
hare|mink|CapableOf|be held 
shoulder|foot|IsA|joint
spider|turtle|CapableOf|flying
squirrel|mole|HasProperty|originated from north america
arm|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
walls|room|AtLocation|at ground level
hare|rattlesnake|HasA|long ear
flute|cello|IsA|wind instrument
pigeon|falcon|IsA|alive 
beetle|turtle|IsA|insect
blouse|shield|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
pen|scissors|UsedFor|writing
stereo|plug|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
rifle|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
carpet|sofa|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
hand|forearm|HasA|thumb
raft|jeep|UsedFor|riding on water
coconut|garlic|HasA|usually inedible skin
ankle|arm|HasProperty|lower body
boat|raft|HasA|engine
trousers|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
strawberry|banana|IsA|berry
shrimp|trout|HasA|legs
hose|plate|CapableOf|store or transport water
banjo|piano|HasA|neck
deer|alligator|IsA|mammal
yacht|sailboat|HasA|an engine
eye|arm|IsA|on the lower half 
donkey|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
blender|spoon|IsA|electric powered item
bathroom|floor|HasA|glass
groundhog|hare|AtLocation|underground
fridge|spoon|HasA|power supply
house|cottage|HasProperty|made of concrete
rifle|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
fridge|dishwasher|UsedFor|storing food 
beetle|worm|IsA|crustecean
mixer|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
broccoli|tomato|IsA|vegetable
turtle|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
octopus|cod|HasA|legs/tentacles 
giraffe|zebra|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
dishwasher|colander|CapableOf|hold water
lemon|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
pipe|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
saxophone|flute|HasProperty|single-reed
giraffe|cougar|HasA|hooves
pipe|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
blouse|skirt|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
candle|cigarette|UsedFor|a light source
eye|elbow|AtLocation|on your head
paintbrush|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
snail|cat|HasProperty|an insect
bed|tent|HasA|start with a b
grapefruit|strawberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
mixer|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
blouse|skirt|HasA|sleeves
pony|tiger|AtLocation|jungle
mole|deer|CapableOf|go underground
elephant|crocodile|UsedFor|human transport
beer|soup|IsA|liquid
wasp|caterpillar|HasProperty|typically able to fly
wheel|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
stereo|hose|IsA|digital device
cottage|bed|MadeOf|one or more rooms
hare|mole|HasA|long ears
bolts|clamp|HasA|number on it
frog|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
forearm|thigh|PartOf|upper body
hyena|ox|CapableOf|hunt for prey
camel|frog|AtLocation|jungle
elbow|fingers|HasA|less than three joints
radio|rope|CapableOf|make sound
faucet|clamp|CapableOf|be turned on
trombone|banjo|IsA|brass instrument
bone|neck|AtLocation|inside
butterfly|ant|CapableOf|flying
jeans|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
frog|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
mixer|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
orange|coconut|HasA|seeds
oven|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
kettle|colander|HasProperty|consuming electricity
mixer|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
willow|spear|HasProperty|alive
celery|coconut|IsA|vegetable
stereo|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
closet|door|UsedFor|storage
worker|mother|IsA|profession
ankle|hand|HasProperty|lower body
wrist|forearm|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
squid|salmon|IsA|mollusk
aunt|wife|IsA|sibling
turtle|caterpillar|AtLocation|nature
hand|leg|PartOf|the upper body
thigh|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
truck|boat|HasA|wheels
goat|sheep|HasA|fur
girlfriend|nurse|IsA|female (strictly)
mouth|throat|IsA|(one of five) human senses
camel|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
sheep|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
eagle|duck|HasA|large wingspan
elbow|skin|HasA|bones
grenade|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
plum|banana|HasProperty|red
milk|potatoes|IsA|liquid
microwave|stove|UsedFor|cooking food
actress|girlfriend|IsA|profession
piano|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
boat|canoe|MadeOf|metal
raspberry|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
boy|actress|HasProperty|male
bed|sofa|MadeOf|wood
socks|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
arm|nail|HasA|bones
hose|tap|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
king|daughter|IsA|title
rope|tap|HasA|string or line
knee|shoulder|PartOf|the lower body
razor|comb|HasA|sharp edge
tractor|skis|HasA|an engine
girl|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
deck|window|HasA|diagram on it
bone|blood|HasA|bones
cigarette|mirror|HasProperty|makes light
girl|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
pineapple|prune|HasProperty|yellow
hose|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
hand|toe|PartOf|the upper body
squid|asparagus|IsA|water animal
boots|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
blood|kidney|IsA|organ
leg|room|PartOf|human body
neck|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
cockroach|ant|CapableOf|fly
razor|pen|UsedFor|grooming
camel|goat|IsA|teeth
cow|spider|CapableOf|jump
mixer|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
pen|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
trousers|dress|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
tank|pipe|CapableOf|destroy a building
boy|aunt|IsA|male
stereo|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
hut|apartment|HasA| 5 letters or less
tank|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
ox|camel|IsA|violent creature
tiger|zebra|HasA|sharp teeth
bike|buggy|HasA|wheels
wrist|neck|AtLocation|below where a watch is
walls|neck|PartOf|building
skirt|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
turtle|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
tractor|skateboard|CapableOf|carry multiple people
leg|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
skin|arm|AtLocation|on your head
pipe|rifle|UsedFor|harm
cousin|boy|IsA|family member
guitar|saxophone|HasA|strings
knees|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
cottage|oak|MadeOf|one or more rooms
scarf|lamp|HasProperty|something to be worn
church|inn|UsedFor|religious gathering
hose|plug|IsA|mostly black in colour
elephant|cheetah|IsA|has horns
man|daughter|IsA|male
chicken|tomato|IsA|n animal
ankle|finger|AtLocation|below waist
elephant|camel|HasA|thick body
worker|aunt|HasProperty|royalty
pineapple|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
bolts|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
butterfly|worm|HasProperty|typically able to fly
knee|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
jacket|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
barrel|tray|HasProperty|circular
blender|ladle|IsA|appliance
broccoli|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable
leg|neck|IsA|on the lower half 
thigh|neck|HasProperty|lower body
shirt|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
orange|olive|HasA|seeds
thermometer|cigarette|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
ladle|colander|CapableOf|be held in your hand
chisel|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
lamp|clock|UsedFor|lighting
celery|beans|HasProperty|green
fingers|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
rabbit|bison|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
fawn|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
mouth|neck|HasProperty|used for tasting
cheetah|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
finger|roof|IsA|body part
arm|liver|IsA|organ
wrist|foot|PartOf|the upper body
bathroom|deck|PartOf|house
doctor|boy|IsA|occupation
skateboard|canoe|CapableOf|roll
foot|arm|PartOf|lower body
blender|tray|CapableOf|hold water
squirrel|mole|CapableOf|climb trees
tank|rope|CapableOf|used in war
cello|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
pen|spatula|CapableOf|writing
roof|walls|AtLocation|above your head
knees|wrist|PartOf|lower body
oven|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
cupboard|door|UsedFor|storage
donkey|deer|UsedFor|riding
rifle|pipe|IsA|firearm
hyena|zebra|IsA|like a cat
clarinet|saxophone|HasA|tube
pistol|tank|IsA|firearm
forearm|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
chicken|duck|AtLocation|in water
corn|olive|IsA|vegetable
spider|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
mixer|fan|CapableOf|produce sound (directly or cabled)
candle|lantern|IsA|nice smelling object
mink|mole|CapableOf|climb on tree
room|finger|PartOf|building
neck|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cottage|bridge|UsedFor|sleeping in
pear|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin (usually)
mother|girlfriend|IsA|family member
trousers|gown|HasProperty|worn below the waist
rope|radio|AtLocation|kitchen
socks|shirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
rabbit|crocodile|HasA|fur
pepper|cherry|HasA|seeds
bed|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
stick|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
lemon|prune|HasProperty|yellow
violin|tuba|HasA|keys
trousers|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
otter|hare|CapableOf|live in water
airplane|saucer|UsedFor|transportation
groundhog|raccoon|AtLocation|underground
paintbrush|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
knife|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
deer|elephant|HasA|horn
pear|grapefruit|IsA|word beginning with p
wrist|hand|HasA|less than three joints
rifle|rope|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
flea|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
raspberry|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
knees|neck|IsA|joint
bone|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
skateboard|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
frog|goat|UsedFor|food products
cat|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
floor|roof|HasProperty|enclosed
buggy|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
deer|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
goat|duck|AtLocation|in water
rabbit|frog|HasA|tail
wrist|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
forearm|knee|PartOf|upper body
nurse|actress|IsA|person
cherry|garlic|IsA|fruit
paintbrush|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
trumpet|banjo|IsA|brass instrument
raccoon|skunk|HasA|long tail
chapel|gate|IsA|public building (typically)
arm|hand|AtLocation|on furniture
spear|pine|IsA|weapon 
crocodile|cougar|IsA|predator 
beetle|flea|CapableOf|fly
duck|falcon|AtLocation|at a beach
dog|pony|IsA|typical pet
socks|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
frog|cow|UsedFor|food products
finger|tower|PartOf|body
kidney|toe|AtLocation|inside
cousin|actress|IsA|male
cousin|wife|HasA|blood relation with you
zebra|lobster|IsA|black and white
leg|eye|IsA|organ
hand|elbow|HasA|nails
cupboard|sofa|MadeOf|wood typically
scarf|pants|IsA|accessory
tomato|celery|IsA|fruit
cello|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
leg|arm|UsedFor|walking
pen|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
eagle|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
wheel|raft|HasA|wheels
rock|fan|CapableOf|make sound
knife|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
car|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
tiger|crocodile|IsA|like a cat
shoes|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
cello|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
porcupine|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
bathroom|ceiling|HasA|glass
elk|cheetah|HasA|horn
fan|rope|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
lamb|tomato|IsA|meat or animal
frog|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
lobster|perch|HasA|shell
cat|camel|HasA|fur
hare|elk|CapableOf|be held 
wrist|thigh|IsA|joint
car|skateboard|CapableOf|carry multiple people
spider|squirrel|CapableOf|kill a human
gorilla|giraffe|CapableOf|walk on 2 feet
crab|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
scooter|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
turtle|iguana|HasA|a shell
neck|bathroom|PartOf|human body
jeans|boots|HasProperty|covering the legs
violin|bagpipe|HasA|keys
comb|pen|CapableOf|be used for hair
dress|sack|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
skis|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
cat|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
lamp|thermometer|CapableOf|generate light
toe|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
fridge|blender|UsedFor|storing food 
father|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
iguana|turtle|IsA|reptile
toaster|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
bison|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
meal|bean|HasA|vegetable(s)
avocado|coconut|HasA|stone 
screwdriver|crayon|UsedFor|driving screws
knees|hand|AtLocation|below waist
girlfriend|man|IsA|female (strictly)
necklace|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
arm|eye|IsA|organ
turtle|snail|IsA|reptile
king|uncle|AtLocation|in a royal family
lemon|coconut|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
otter|rabbit|HasProperty|5 letters long
dress|tray|CapableOf|be worn
sink|bed|CapableOf|be plumbed in
princess|woman|IsA|profession/title
pencil|razor|CapableOf|writing
bolts|hose|MadeOf|metal/steel
freezer|cupboard|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
celery|orange|HasProperty|green
house|church|HasA|own altar
trousers|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
socks|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
jeep|sailboat|HasA|wheels
fan|plug|CapableOf|be turned on
eagle|falcon|IsA|alive 
knife|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
paintbrush|chisel|CapableOf|writing
bridge|hut|IsA|component of a home
tape|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
gate|chapel|IsA|component of a home
eagle|hawk|PartOf|wild life
beer|sandwich|IsA|liquid
dress|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
jacket|trousers|AtLocation|upper part of body
doctor|woman|IsA|occupation
plum|coconut|IsA|physical fruit or veg
bungalow|bed|MadeOf|one or more rooms
elephant|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
daughter|boy|CapableOf|become pregnant 
tomato|potato|CapableOf|eating
clock|thermometer|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
princess|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
dress|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
wrist|knees|AtLocation|upper body
hose|fan|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
crocodile|sheep|HasProperty|eat meat
otter|skunk|CapableOf|climb on tree
knees|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
roof|finger|IsA|part of a building
princess|nurse|HasProperty|royalty
cart|horse|UsedFor|broadcast
eagle|kite|HasA|large wing span
elk|camel|HasA|antlers
crayon|stick|UsedFor|writing
mole|mink|CapableOf|be held 
pen|crayon|UsedFor|cutting
hyena|camel|IsA|violent creature
bison|crocodile|IsA|has horns
cow|frog|CapableOf|kill a human
toe|blood|HasA|bones
blouse|sack|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
window|ceiling|HasA|glass
scooter|skis|HasA|handle
aunt|father|HasProperty|female
bolts|magazine|UsedFor|a vehicle
floor|tower|AtLocation|in your apartment
cheetah|bison|IsA|type of big cat
tiger|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
wasp|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
onions|duck|IsA|fruit or vegetable
ceiling|leg|PartOf|room
wrist|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
wine|bacon|IsA|liquid
scooter|wheel|UsedFor|single person transport
camel|tiger|IsA|herbivore
leg|roof|IsA|body part
trousers|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
elk|buffalo|HasA|antlers or tusks
gorilla|tiger|IsA|herbivore
finger|forearm|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
lime|onions|HasProperty|green
deer|cat|IsA|teeth
tank|barrel|UsedFor|firing artillery
yacht|sailboat|HasA|engine
neck|deck|PartOf|human body
arm|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
bridge|inn|HasA| place for worship
arm|forearm|HasA|more than one joint
prince|son|AtLocation|in a royal family
tap|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
gown|jeans|UsedFor|by mainly women
knees|shoulder|PartOf|the lower body
airplane|boat|CapableOf|fly
cherry|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
skunk|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
banana|pear|IsA|long fruit
broccoli|garlic|IsA|green vegetable
bridge|cathedral|HasA| place for worship
pelican|falcon|HasA|long beak
hair|nail|AtLocation|on your head
coyote|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
crocodile|cart|HasA|tail
falcon|dove|HasA|large wing span
gun|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
toilet|door|CapableOf|can you sit on it
garlic|orange|HasA|eatable shell or peel
toe|knees|PartOf|upper body
grapefruit|prune|IsA|red  or orang
brother|prince|HasProperty|a family member
pistol|tank|HasA|trigger
willow|bayonet|HasProperty|alive
elk|crocodile|IsA|has horns
skirt|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
boots|skirt|PartOf|pair
razor|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
donkey|deer|UsedFor|a mode of transport
candle|cigarette|UsedFor|providing light
skirt|shoes|AtLocation|above the feet
jacket|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
chicken|rabbit|HasA|wings
tap|radio|CapableOf|provide water
aunt|doctor|IsA|family member
crocodile|cart|HasA|stripes
fawn|squirrel|PartOf|herd
broccoli|garlic|HasProperty|green
ant|turtle|IsA|bug
muscle|arm|IsA|limb
scissors|pen|CapableOf|be used for hair
caribou|bison|HasA|antlers/tusks
paintbrush|screwdriver|HasA|bushy tail
eye|skin|HasA|bones
helicopter|bowl|UsedFor|transportation
mole|raccoon|AtLocation|underground
buggy|bike|CapableOf|hold more than one person
sink|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
alligator|porcupine|IsA|predator
eagle|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
woman|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
glass|plastic|IsA|bottle
arm|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
jeans|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
crocodile|camel|AtLocation|in water
banana|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
hand|leg|HasProperty|related with hand
daughter|girl|IsA|family member
porcupine|hare|AtLocation|on tree
cherry|strawberry|HasA|stone 
knife|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
man|woman|IsA|head
girl|cousin|HasProperty|female
prune|pear|HasA|single hard pit
leg|shoulder|AtLocation|bottom half of body
bed|cupboard|HasProperty|in the bedroom
horse|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
cathedral|house|IsA|religion buildings
cherry|prune|HasA|stone 
chapel|inn|UsedFor|religious gathering
pony|rabbit|UsedFor|human transport
prince|daughter|IsA|male
floor|tower|UsedFor|tiling
man|nurse|HasProperty|male
tuna|asparagus|IsA|water animal
nurse|mother|IsA|profession
banjo|trombone|HasA|strings
rabbit|fawn|IsA|herbivore
arm|fingers|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
pencil|knife|CapableOf|make holes 
toaster|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
pipe|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
fawn|mole|HasA|hooves
barrel|plate|CapableOf|contain water
lamp|lantern|UsedFor|providing light
cherry|coconut|HasA|stone 
tap|stereo|UsedFor|dispensing water
arm|finger|UsedFor|waving
raft|boat|HasProperty|colored red
rifle|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
candle|necklace|HasProperty|makes light
chapel|hut|IsA|place of worship
radio|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
aunt|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
forearm|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
crayon|spatula|CapableOf|writing
cranberry|pear|IsA|berry
doctor|daughter|IsA|profession
kite|duck|IsA|bird of prey
skunk|rabbit|AtLocation|on  a tree
elk|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
soup|sugar|IsA|liquid
knife|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
crab|eel|HasA|legs
dress|socks|AtLocation|above the feet
shoes|dress|AtLocation|foot
shoulder|toe|PartOf|the upper body
blouse|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
rifle|grenade|IsA|firearm
fridge|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
skirt|shoes|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
boat|bike|AtLocation|in water
finger|shoulder|AtLocation|below where a watch is
sauce|steak|IsA|liquid
body|blood|IsA|limb
beetle|spider|IsA|crustecean
forearm|neck|HasProperty|something humans have two of
octopus|asparagus|IsA|water animal
pistol|screws|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
iguana|snail|HasA|legs
camel|dog|IsA|teeth
finger|arm|HasA|less than three joints
buggy|wheel|HasProperty|consuming fuel
mink|tin|CapableOf|burn
milk|butter|IsA|liquid
apartment|barn|UsedFor|human living
worker|girl|HasProperty|royalty
spade|pine|IsA|man made thing
wasp|butterfly|CapableOf|fly
beaver|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
alligator|beaver|CapableOf|hunt other animals
leg|hand|PartOf|lower body
fingers|forearm|AtLocation|below where a watch is
trousers|skirt|PartOf|pair
avocado|plum|HasA|peel
lemon|olive|HasA|seeds
bathroom|window|HasProperty|an enclosed space
necklace|cigarette|AtLocation|neck
razor|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
gown|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
onions|beans|HasProperty|needs peeling
dog|camel|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
elbow|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
knees|fingers|IsA|joint
mole|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
moth|ant|HasA|wings
cannon|rocket|HasA|wheels
rocker|fan|CapableOf|be use for transportation
knee|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
tape|plug|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
squirrel|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
fingers|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
coconut|orange|HasA|hard shell
rocket|rope|CapableOf|use electricity
knee|wrist|PartOf|the lower body
snail|beetle|MadeOf|small animals
bison|hyena|IsA|has horns
daughter|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
daughter|father|IsA|child
hand|foot|PartOf|the upper body
hose|wheel|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
pen|comb|AtLocation|construction site
trumpet|violin|IsA|wind instrument
horse|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
grenade|cannon|HasA|trigger
strawberry|plum|IsA|red  or orang
rabbit|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
thigh|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
saxophone|piano|CapableOf|be blown into
plate|grenade|UsedFor|harm
dress|sack|IsA|piece of clothing
finger|ceiling|IsA|body part
crab|tuna|HasA|legs
octopus|tuna|HasA|legs
deer|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
car|raft|HasA|an engine
faucet|hose|MadeOf|metal/steel
mackerel|lobster|IsA|fish
shrimp|trout|HasA|legs/tentacles 
fawn|mole|PartOf|herd
radio|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
arm|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
horse|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
mug|kettle|CapableOf|be held to drink
camel|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
wife|actress|IsA|direct or immediate relation
aunt|actress|HasA|multiple people pictured
whisky|butter|IsA|liquid
gun|wheel|IsA|firearm
coat|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
blouse|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
knee|thigh|IsA|joint
tank|bike|HasA|an engine
avocado|banana|HasProperty|round/oval
beaver|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
tank|raft|MadeOf|metal
toe|neck|HasProperty|lower body
orange|broccoli|IsA|fruit
saucer|bottle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
cat|sheep|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
oven|bed|UsedFor|making food
gun|plate|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
lime|olive|IsA|fruit
shoulder|thigh|IsA|upper body part
ceiling|walls|CapableOf|let in air
rattlesnake|raccoon|AtLocation|underground
stereo|bolts|IsA|electric 
bone|leg|AtLocation|on your head
lips|tongue|PartOf|makeup regimen
gown|pants|HasA|sleeves
hawk|duck|HasProperty|a predator
arm|skin|HasA|bones
cherry|banana|HasA|edible skin
wheel|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
duck|kite|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
pliers|stick|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
pants|shoes|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
bolts|belt|HasA|number on it
ship|balloon|AtLocation|in water
hand|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
corn|lemon|IsA|vegetable
scissors|drill|UsedFor|crafts
skunk|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
accordion|harp|CapableOf|be held
microwave|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
sister|aunt|IsA|direct relation
blood|kidney|HasProperty|liquid
bridge|chapel|IsA|component of a home
neck|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
pliers|stick|IsA|construction tool
candle|mirror|IsA|nice smelling object
hose|fan|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
door|bed|CapableOf|open/close
cousin|man|IsA|family member
mixer|tap|CapableOf|make sound
banana|prune|HasProperty|yellow
wheelbarrow|dress|IsA|an accessory
lobster|mackerel|HasA|legs
mixer|hose|CapableOf|make sound
crayon|stick|CapableOf|writing
bike|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
tank|jeep|UsedFor|war
paintbrush|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
candle|lamp|UsedFor|camping gear
cat|tiger|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
crab|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
trousers|bag|IsA|worn on the lower body
knees|arm|HasProperty|lower body
wife|nurse|IsA|family member
beetle|wasp|HasA|wings
kidney|body|AtLocation|inside
shirt|boots|HasA|sleeves
muscle|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
gate|barn|IsA|component of a home
gun|tank|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
parakeet|woodpecker|CapableOf|be a household pet
toe|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
rabbit|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
grenade|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
celery|garlic|HasProperty|green
fan|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
squirrel|elk|IsA|herbivore
mother|father|CapableOf|become pregnant 
kettle|door|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
gorilla|buffalo|IsA|predator 
girl|boy|HasProperty|female
ankle|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
leg|ankle|UsedFor|a fight
actress|woman|IsA|occupation
octopus|trout|HasA|legs
worker|woman|HasProperty|royalty
pistol|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
deer|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
eagle|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
spear|spade|IsA|weapon
arm|roof|IsA|body part
radio|plug|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
actress|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
lemon|peach|HasProperty|yellow
father|girl|HasProperty|royalty
arm|kidney|HasA|bones
pear|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
tiger|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
razor|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
elephant|hyena|HasA|horns 
eagle|duck|IsA|bird of prey
shoulder|toe|IsA|upper body part
owl|starling|HasProperty|a predator
arm|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
pencil|spatula|CapableOf|writing
leopard|bison|IsA|type of cat
zebra|elephant|HasA|stripes
dog|cow|UsedFor|food products
hand|neck|PartOf|pair
knees|hand|IsA|joint
elbow|neck|HasA|less than three joints
dog|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
mixer|plug|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
sandwich|bean|HasProperty|two syllables
strainer|tank|AtLocation|at home
rabbit|cow|HasA|fur
muscle|leg|AtLocation|on your head
cello|piano|HasA|neck
typewriter|knife|CapableOf|writing
broccoli|eggplant|HasProperty|green
rattlesnake|crocodile|HasProperty|poisonous
ceiling|hand|PartOf|room
yacht|wheel|HasA|an engine
turtle|iguana|CapableOf|be found in the water
trombone|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
bison|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
faucet|plug|CapableOf|provide water
buggy|raft|MadeOf|metal
beaver|mole|IsA|herbivore
ship|saucer|AtLocation|in water
broccoli|orange|IsA|vegetable
wife|worker|IsA|family member
mother|princess|HasA|blood relationship with you
coat|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
cousin|daughter|IsA|man
canoe|sled|UsedFor|water
wine|sauce|HasProperty|alcoholic
forearm|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
kite|falcon|AtLocation|at a beach
kite|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
body|nail|HasA|bones
bed|wall|MadeOf|wood typically
finger|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
pencil|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
boat|jeep|AtLocation|in water
jeep|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
stove|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
leg|arm|HasProperty|lower body
tiger|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
aunt|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
crayon|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
lemon|cucumber|IsA|fruit
violin|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
horse|elephant|AtLocation|typically europe
bike|sailboat|CapableOf|roll
bison|frog|UsedFor|riding
ankle|liver|IsA|organ
clamp|rope|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
princess|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
eggplant|avocado|IsA|purple vegetable
cucumber|orange|HasProperty|green
clock|tray|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
chapel|tent|IsA|religious place
bison|sheep|HasA|fur
blender|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
kidney|toe|IsA|limb
screwdriver|spatula|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
chisel|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
apartment|tent|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
walls|arm|PartOf|room
gorilla|giraffe|IsA|predator 
pencil|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
violin|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
duck|falcon|IsA|alive 
foot|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
bison|cougar|UsedFor|travel
banjo|accordion|HasA|neck
tap|radio|HasA|a type of metal
wine|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
cow|mouse|HasA|tail
dress|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
blood|elbow|AtLocation|in the torso
hand|walls|IsA|body part
butterfly|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
prune|garlic|IsA|berry
wheel|bolts|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
roof|bar|HasProperty|typically vertical
trousers|shirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
boy|woman|HasProperty|steel
beer|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
banana|cherry|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
pistol|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
stove|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
hut|tent|HasProperty|a black and white picture
lips|finger|PartOf|face
necklace|candle|AtLocation|on neck
stereo|plug|CapableOf|make or play music
elephant|spider|CapableOf|jump
walls|ceiling|PartOf|another card 
walls|bathroom|AtLocation|at ground level
buzzard|kite|HasProperty|a predator
celery|olive|HasProperty|green
son|king|IsA|family member
bone|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
pen|typewriter|UsedFor|containing livestock
bison|caribou|IsA|violent creature
nurse|girl|IsA|occupation
bathroom|roof|PartOf|another card 
turtle|elephant|IsA|reptile
butter|steak|IsA|diary food
cat|tiger|IsA|typical pet
toe|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
toe|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
caterpillar|cat|IsA|insect
airplane|saucer|CapableOf|fly
finger|room|PartOf|body
elephant|bison|AtLocation|in hot climates 
tongue|nose|HasProperty|about mouth
radio|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
inn|church|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
giraffe|zebra|HasA|long neck
butter|bacon|IsA|diary food
boat|jet|AtLocation|on water
elbow|finger|IsA|joint
strawberry|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
foot|nail|CapableOf|help you walk
sack|coat|IsA|an accessory
raspberry|banana|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
salmon|chicken|IsA|fish
stereo|rope|IsA|electric 
pliers|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
man|cousin|HasProperty|male
house|tent|HasProperty|a black and white picture
kettle|ladle|HasA|electrical parts
rabbit|otter|HasA|big ears
toe|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
pony|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
blouse|umbrella|HasProperty|something that can be worn
hair|arm|AtLocation|on your head
plum|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
squirrel|rabbit|HasA|long tail
pelican|hawk|HasA|long beak
leg|neck|UsedFor|walking
wall|curtains|UsedFor|lighting
arm|foot|AtLocation|upper body
dishwasher|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
neck|skin|HasA|bones
perch|eel|IsA|one syllable word
bed|bedroom|IsA|furniture
deer|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
fridge|ladle|IsA|electric powered item
avocado|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
elk|hyena|HasA|horn
jeep|buggy|HasA|wheels
finger|neck|IsA|(one of five) human senses
daughter|aunt|IsA|direct relation
knee|finger|PartOf|lower body
carpet|door|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
knee|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
gown|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
stereo|fan|CapableOf|make or play music
building|hut|HasA|start with a b
nurse|woman|HasA|pay check
bison|tiger|HasA|hooves
tape|tap|UsedFor|a vehicle
scarf|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
forearm|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
sink|spoon|UsedFor|washing dishes
rock|fridge|UsedFor|entertainment
eel|lobster|IsA|fish
arm|elbow|HasA|more than one joint
candle|chandelier|IsA|nice smelling object
oven|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
drill|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
celery|tomato|HasProperty|green
ankle|shoulder|UsedFor|walking
chapel|cottage|HasProperty|a black and white picture
paintbrush|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
saxophone|piano|MadeOf|strings
meat|salad|IsA|colour red
bayonet|bed|IsA|weapon 
paintbrush|typewriter|UsedFor|drawing or painting
prune|cherry|IsA|dried fruit
cranberry|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
rattlesnake|raccoon|CapableOf|hunt other animals
chisel|brush|IsA|construction tool
beaver|groundhog|IsA|herbivore
dishwasher|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
bed|closet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
bagpipe|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
typewriter|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
knees|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
rabbit|potato|IsA|meat or animal
arm|ceiling|PartOf|body
moth|turtle|IsA|insect
lemon|avocado|IsA|fruit
kite|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
steak|supper|HasProperty|a single item
bike|skis|HasA|circular component 
window|leg|IsA|part of a building
vulture|duck|CapableOf|attack others
shoes|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
bedroom|carpet|CapableOf|contain items
tank|drill|CapableOf|used in war
dog|horse|UsedFor|food products
alligator|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
fawn|skunk|HasA|antlers/horns
pistol|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
cupboard|carpet|UsedFor|storage
dress|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
door|sofa|CapableOf|open/close
groundhog|mole|AtLocation|north america (specifically)
wife|cousin|IsA|direct relation
lemon|garlic|HasA|usually inedible skin
faucet|magazine|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
knee|hand|AtLocation|below waist
leg|bone|IsA|organ
fan|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
building|tent|HasA|start with a b
crab|salmon|HasA|legs/tentacles 
tank|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
hawk|kite|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
cat|bison|IsA|typical pet
bed|cabin|PartOf|set of furniture
comb|drill|UsedFor|grooming
drill|crayon|IsA|construction tool
gown|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
gate|building|AtLocation|at your home
princess|man|HasProperty|female
carpet|door|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
cabin|church|IsA|place to live permanently
lemon|garlic|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
pipe|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
dress|shoes|CapableOf|cover your full body
aunt|cousin|IsA|sibling
cousin|mother|IsA|male
dishwasher|door|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pistol|barrel|IsA|firearm
skunk|hare|AtLocation|on tree
cherry|pear|UsedFor|smoothies
toe|body|AtLocation|below the knee
pony|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
trousers|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
butterfly|wasp|HasA|no legs
groundhog|mink|AtLocation|underground
fridge|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
stove|kettle|UsedFor|making food
fingers|forearm|HasA|nails
pepper|beans|HasA|seeds
doctor|man|IsA|professional
zebra|crocodile|HasA|hooves
sailboat|sled|HasA|motor
actress|woman|IsA|profession
wheel|tank|HasA|wheels
pineapple|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
cow|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
hawk|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
rifle|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
coat|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
wheel|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
skirt|dress|IsA|worn on the lower body
onions|corn|HasProperty|needs peeling
neck|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
cockroach|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
gown|dress|HasA|long sleeves
mother|cousin|IsA|direct relation
bed|wall|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
stereo|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
bedroom|church|AtLocation|at your home
bridge|cabin|HasA|start with a b
sink|door|CapableOf|be plumbed in
pony|deer|UsedFor|riding
raccoon|rabbit|HasA|long tail
groundhog|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
sister|wife|HasA|blood relation with you
sauce|potatoes|IsA|colour red
daughter|mother|HasA|a blood relation with you
mink|alligator|IsA|mammal
shotgun|tank|HasA|finger trigger
jeep|sailboat|HasA|an engine
father|girlfriend|IsA|male
pliers|brush|IsA|construction tool
kettle|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
bar|neck|PartOf|house
blouse|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
dishwasher|ladle|UsedFor|washing dishes
elbow|muscle|HasA|bones
tank|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
bed|carpet|IsA|furniture
goat|horse|UsedFor|a source of milk
pear|orange|IsA|fruit
cannon|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
colander|kettle|MadeOf|steel mostly
glass|tin|IsA|fragile
dress|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
pine|bayonet|HasProperty|alive
prince|daughter|IsA|title
cockroach|spider|CapableOf|fly
rabbit|raccoon|HasA|long ears
cherry|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
grenade|tank|HasA|trigger
shrimp|salmon|HasA|legs/tentacles 
arm|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
goat|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
arm|tower|PartOf|human body
deer|groundhog|HasA|hooves
fridge|microwave|UsedFor|cooling food
nurse|worker|HasA|the color brown in it
raccoon|mole|CapableOf|climb on tree
thigh|arm|AtLocation|bottom half of body
pants|coat|HasProperty|worn below the waist
bison|camel|HasA|horn
tray|bed|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
ant|spider|HasProperty|an insect
groundhog|coyote|CapableOf|go underground
trout|catfish|IsA|one syllable word
coat|sack|IsA|item of clothing
lamp|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
toe|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
tap|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
gown|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
mackerel|cod|CapableOf|come in a tin
rabbit|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
paintbrush|crayon|HasA|bushy tail
lips|brow|HasProperty|about mouth
jeans|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
bathroom|finger|PartOf|building
vulture|stork|HasA|large wing span
rabbit|spider|PartOf|jumping
jeans|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
zebra|cheetah|IsA|herbivore
cherry|banana|HasA|stone inside
necklace|candle|MadeOf|metal
mixer|tape|HasA|string or line
robe|blouse|HasA|male on it
jeans|dress|IsA|worn on the lower body
kite|hawk|AtLocation|at a beach
kettle|cupboard|UsedFor|heating items up
freezer|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
grenade|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
turtle|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
trousers|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
dress|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
soup|salad|IsA|liquid
arm|knee|AtLocation|upper body
muscle|nail|AtLocation|inside
chisel|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
radio|rock|IsA|electric 
raspberry|banana|HasA|edible skin (usually)
rabbit|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
drill|typewriter|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
squirrel|mole|HasA|long tail
boat|skateboard|UsedFor|water
canoe|car|AtLocation|in water
screwdriver|crayon|IsA|construction tool
cat|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
stove|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
leg|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
building|gate|HasA|start with a b
cello|harp|MadeOf|strings
seagull|eagle|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
neck|thigh|PartOf|upper body
blender|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
spider|worm|CapableOf|flying
mole|alligator|CapableOf|go underground
woman|nurse|HasProperty|two syllables
rabbit|dog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
radio|rock|UsedFor|music related entertainment
gown|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
tractor|jeep|UsedFor|farming
salmon|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
finger|foot|PartOf|upper body
stereo|rock|IsA|related to music 
wife|man|IsA|female (strictly)
kidney|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
fingers|leg|PartOf|the upper body
rabbit|horse|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
camel|horse|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
frog|sheep|HasProperty|carnivorous
knees|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
garlic|onions|IsA|purple vegetable
camel|deer|AtLocation|jungle
bone|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
necklace|mirror|AtLocation|on neck
gorilla|caribou|IsA|predator 
buffalo|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
sink|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
coat|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
hawk|starling|HasProperty|a predator
camel|cat|IsA|teeth
tower|walls|AtLocation|outside of a home
cherry|avocado|UsedFor|smoothies
wheel|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
pear|avocado|IsA|word beginning with p
bed|blender|HasProperty|in the bedroom
alligator|beaver|IsA|predator
moth|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
lemon|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
catfish|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
radio|bolts|CapableOf|make or play music
skirt|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
flea|squirrel|IsA|bug
car|scooter|HasProperty|consuming fuel
birch|willow|IsA|tree
cat|cow|UsedFor|food products
pistol|wheel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
rope|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
king|brother|IsA|title
moth|snail|CapableOf|flying
clarinet|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
necklace|coat|IsA|accessory
cloak|banner|HasProperty|something that can be worn
skirt|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
elephant|horse|CapableOf|fly
foot|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
tiger|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
neck|mouth|AtLocation|below mouth
dress|tray|IsA|item of clothing
sink|fridge|UsedFor|washing dishes
arm|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
uncle|king|HasProperty|a family member
bedroom|inn|IsA|place to live permanently
blender|ladle|HasProperty|using electricity
apartment|cabin|HasProperty|made of concrete
wrist|neck|HasA|less than three joints
caterpillar|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
trousers|jacket|PartOf|pair
elephant|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
wife|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
blouse|dress|HasA|sleeves
camel|rabbit|UsedFor|a mode of transport
cod|asparagus|IsA|water animal
sauce|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
girl|nurse|HasA|color
tiger|camel|IsA|type of big cat
roof|floor|AtLocation|above your head
doctor|woman|HasProperty|male
screwdriver|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
guitar|tuba|UsedFor|sound
duck|tomato|IsA|n animal
sheep|rabbit|AtLocation|jungle
cow|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
bison|deer|UsedFor|riding
hyena|zebra|IsA|type of cat
skirt|lamp|CapableOf|be worn
hair|nail|AtLocation|on you head
arm|leg|HasProperty|related with hand
wrist|knee|PartOf|the upper body
socks|dress|HasProperty|worn below the waist
falcon|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
strawberry|coconut|IsA|berry
arm|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
rabbit|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
tap|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
daughter|wife|HasA|blood relation with you
hand|forearm|HasA|nails
tank|barrel|IsA|weapon
dress|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
faucet|magazine|CapableOf|be turned on
pony|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
fan|bolts|CapableOf|be turned on
shoes|jeans|AtLocation|foot
spear|broom|IsA|weapon
tomato|cucumber|IsA|fruit
banana|grapefruit|HasProperty|long and curved
knee|hand|IsA|joint
pants|jacket|PartOf|pair
rattlesnake|turtle|HasProperty|dangerous
scarf|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
plate|wheel|CapableOf|hold water
donkey|sheep|UsedFor|riding
fan|rope|UsedFor|electronic uses
room|hand|PartOf|room
rabbit|squirrel|PartOf|jumping
moth|frog|IsA|insect
clarinet|guitar|CapableOf|be played with mouth
church|cottage|IsA|religious place
steak|salad|IsA|meat
princess|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
wall|cupboard|UsedFor|lighting
leopard|camel|IsA|type of big cat
butterfly|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
boat|sled|UsedFor|water
dog|sheep|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
otter|skunk|AtLocation|water usually
fridge|ladle|HasA|electrical parts
magazine|hose|MadeOf|paper
knee|neck|AtLocation|below waist
kettle|fridge|UsedFor|heating items up
daughter|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
thigh|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
pencil|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
coat|clock|CapableOf|be worn
mother|worker|HasA|the color brown in it
boat|skis|HasProperty|consuming fuel
yacht|skis|MadeOf|metal
snail|wasp|HasA|no legs
boat|balloon|AtLocation|on water
comb|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
jeep|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
raccoon|mole|HasA|long tail
orange|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
squirrel|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
buffalo|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
finger|bar|IsA|body part
hose|pistol|UsedFor|harm
trout|lobster|IsA|fish
spade|willow|IsA|man made thing
roof|walls|AtLocation|on top of a house
nurse|mother|HasA|pay check
horse|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
tray|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
deck|fingers|IsA|part of a building
door|curtains|PartOf|the entrance to a room
worm|squirrel|IsA|insect
saucer|kettle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
lamp|tray|IsA|source of light
boat|skateboard|IsA|powered vehicle
skin|nail|AtLocation|below the knee
sister|wife|PartOf|close blood relative
tongue|throat|PartOf|face
liver|hair|AtLocation|inside
arm|floor|PartOf|body
shoes|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
trousers|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
toaster|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
helicopter|bowl|HasA|the ability to fly
trombone|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
gun|tank|UsedFor|bullets
deer|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
saxophone|clarinet|IsA|brass instrument
truck|scooter|HasA|engine
skirt|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
finger|shoulder|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
faucet|tap|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
worker|girlfriend|HasProperty|royalty
daughter|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
hawk|kite|HasProperty|a predator
cow|horse|IsA|teeth
gun|cannon|HasA|finger trigger
grenade|barrel|CapableOf|be held in a hand
blood|body|AtLocation|on the inside
leopard|buffalo|IsA|like a cat
avocado|onions|HasProperty|green (most part)
chandelier|lamp|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
elbow|fingers|IsA|joint
raspberry|plum|IsA|red  or orang
sofa|curtains|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
stork|eagle|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
son|king|IsA|male
grapefruit|avocado|PartOf|group or bunch 
walls|bathroom|UsedFor|tiling
skunk|plastic|IsA|fragile
gate|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
rifle|tank|HasA|trigger
cottage|church|HasA|own altar
spider|cat|CapableOf|kill a human
guitar|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
hyena|camel|HasA|thick body
groundhog|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
building|apartment|HasA|start with a b
crocodile|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go under underwater
uncle|cousin|IsA|male
liquor|potatoes|IsA|liquid
hyena|cougar|AtLocation|in asia or africa
vulture|falcon|HasProperty|a predator
door|bed|PartOf|the entrance to a room
scooter|sailboat|HasA|wheels
butter|whisky|IsA|diary food
spoon|pot|MadeOf|metal
tiger|pony|HasA|fur
hyena|elephant|IsA|predator 
eye|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
chapel|cabin|IsA|religious place
skirt|dress|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
hut|apartment|HasProperty|a black and white picture
prince|cousin|AtLocation|in a royal family
roof|room|UsedFor|tiling
daughter|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
caribou|cheetah|IsA|herbivore
forearm|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
cheetah|gorilla|PartOf|the cat family
brow|finger|PartOf|makeup regimen
pencil|spatula|UsedFor|writing
mixer|hose|IsA|electronic device
broccoli|garlic|HasA|any green on it 
bolts|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
shoulder|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
buffalo|giraffe|HasA|antlers/tusks
toaster|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
yacht|sailboat|HasA|wheels
shirt|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
octopus|eel|IsA|mollusk
cockroach|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
spatula|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
vulture|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
necklace|blouse|HasProperty|worn on the neck
chocolate|butter|MadeOf|cup
chapel|apartment|IsA|religious place
cannon|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
arm|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
boy|mother|HasProperty|male
mother|worker|HasProperty|a female
stereo|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
scarf|chandelier|HasProperty|something to be worn
cranberry|garlic|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
rabbit|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
actress|girl|HasProperty|two syllables
coconut|strawberry|HasA|edible skin
giraffe|cart|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
bolts|rope|HasA|number on it
deer|raccoon|HasA|hooves
magazine|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
hand|neck|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
foot|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
fan|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
mink|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
bison|cow|IsA|carnivore 
dress|blouse|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
boy|aunt|HasProperty|male
bison|deer|IsA|carnivore 
cherry|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
wheel|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
salmon|squid|IsA|fish
floor|fingers|IsA|part of a building
liver|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
seagull|dove|HasProperty|a predator
ship|balloon|CapableOf|float 
cheetah|crocodile|PartOf|the cat family
hyena|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
grenade|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
zebra|squid|IsA|black and white
beaver|elk|CapableOf|live in water
ankle|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
lamp|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
leopard|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
elephant|camel|IsA|violent creature
ant|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
chapel|bridge|UsedFor|a place of worship
church|cabin|IsA|religious place
wrist|thigh|PartOf|upper body
scarf|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
socks|bag|AtLocation|on your feet
stereo|clamp|AtLocation|kitchen
lamp|necklace|UsedFor|a light source
stove|freezer|UsedFor|making food
pants|wheelbarrow|IsA|piece of clothing
turtle|squirrel|IsA|amphibian
squirrel|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
trout|asparagus|HasA|fins
trout|shrimp|IsA|fish
hair|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
room|window|PartOf|room
screwdriver|comb|AtLocation|construction site
celery|garlic|HasA|any green on it 
buggy|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
rifle|barrel|IsA|firearm
fridge|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
prune|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
kettle|sink|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
worker|mother|IsA|male
bed|sofa|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
elephant|deer|UsedFor|human transport
nose|neck|PartOf|makeup regimen
elephant|cat|IsA|teeth
toe|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
sack|shirt|IsA|an accessory
paintbrush|knife|CapableOf|writing
thigh|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
cupboard|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
inn|cottage|IsA|public building (typically)
house|cottage|HasA| 5 letters or less
leopard|gorilla|IsA|type of cat
jeep|skateboard|CapableOf|carry multiple people
stereo|wheel|IsA|electric 
barrel|gun|IsA|vessel
thigh|finger|AtLocation|below waist
rabbit|groundhog|HasA|long ears
deer|cheetah|IsA|has horns
buggy|skis|HasA|wheels
arm|walls|IsA|body part
kettle|tray|PartOf|kitchen appliance
finger|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
lamp|thermometer|UsedFor|lighting
mother|boy|IsA|family member
magazine|fridge|UsedFor|entertainment
stereo|magazine|IsA|related to music 
kidney|leg|IsA|limb
gun|rocket|CapableOf|be held in a hand
tank|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
father|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
hose|tap|HasA|string or line
knees|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
lantern|scarf|MadeOf|metal
olive|onions|HasProperty|green
crocodile|frog|AtLocation|jungle
elk|coyote|HasA|antlers/horns
toaster|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
spear|pine|IsA|man made thing
daughter|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
wrist|knees|PartOf|the upper body
chapel|apartment|HasProperty|a black and white picture
faucet|tape|UsedFor|water
scooter|raft|HasA|wheels
blouse|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
bayonet|pine|IsA|man made thing
dress|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
daughter|cousin|HasA|multiple people pictured
mother|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
boat|tractor|AtLocation|in water
tiger|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
beaver|raccoon|IsA|herbivore
cello|saxophone|HasA|strings
hand|arm|HasA|nails
typewriter|pliers|UsedFor|writing
grenade|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
stereo|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
mother|sister|UsedFor|a married person
shoes|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
skirt|tray|CapableOf|be worn
oven|door|UsedFor|making food
prune|banana|IsA|word beginning with p
flea|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
tomato|corn|IsA|fruit
nail|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
buffalo|crocodile|HasA|hooves
trout|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
freezer|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
kettle|sink|HasProperty|using electricity
wrist|arm|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
mixer|radio|HasA|a type of metal
fridge|sink|HasA|power supply
boy|cousin|HasProperty|male
lamb|onions|IsA|meat or animal
crocodile|elephant|CapableOf|fly
elk|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
hair|leg|IsA|limb
eel|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
typewriter|comb|CapableOf|writing
dishwasher|spoon|HasProperty|electrically powered
hose|plug|CapableOf|work without electricity
fawn|mink|HasA|hooves
lantern|chandelier|UsedFor|camping gear
knee|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
piano|clarinet|HasA|keyboard
squid|mackerel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
oven|door|IsA|electrical appliance
church|inn|IsA|religion buildings
sister|actress|IsA|sibling
frog|sheep|UsedFor|food products
mother|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
elephant|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
hose|radio|CapableOf|provide water
guitar|tuba|MadeOf|strings
butterfly|squirrel|IsA|bug
zebra|trout|HasA|legs
typewriter|razor|CapableOf|writing
pencil|drill|UsedFor|writing
mother|girlfriend|HasA|blood relation with you
lemon|peach|IsA|citrus fruit
raccoon|hare|AtLocation|on tree
octopus|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
father|princess|IsA|male
apartment|bed|MadeOf|one or more rooms
wife|cousin|CapableOf|become pregnant 
yacht|bike|UsedFor|water
squid|cod|HasA|legs
stove|closet|UsedFor|making food
cupboard|sofa|CapableOf|contain items
milk|sauce|IsA|diary food
tank|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
tractor|canoe|HasA|an engine
cheetah|zebra|IsA|type of cat
tractor|canoe|HasA|wheels
wheel|canoe|CapableOf|roll
rock|tap|CapableOf|make sound
drill|rope|AtLocation|in a toolbox
alligator|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
skin|toe|AtLocation|on your head
squirrel|deer|IsA|herbivore
robe|cloak|IsA|white object
hare|fawn|CapableOf|be held 
rabbit|mink|HasA|long ears
church|gate|UsedFor|a place of worship
grapefruit|avocado|IsA|fruit
bagpipe|tuba|UsedFor|sound
toe|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
giraffe|camel|HasA|spots or stripes
celery|corn|IsA|green vegetable 
tuba|trombone|MadeOf|strings
hand|finger|HasProperty|part of a pair
father|mother|HasProperty|male
cat|mouse|HasProperty|four-legged
wrist|neck|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
giraffe|leopard|IsA|herbivore
plum|orange|HasA|single hard pit
crab|perch|HasA|legs/tentacles 
floor|finger|PartOf|building
frog|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
rifle|rocket|HasA|finger trigger
pants|jacket|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
camel|cougar|IsA|herbivore
arm|neck|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
moth|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
hand|neck|HasA|more than one joint
cannon|shotgun|UsedFor|firing artillery
spider|turtle|IsA|insect
rocker|oven|CapableOf|be use for transportation
horse|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
worker|wife|IsA|male
brush|comb|AtLocation|construction site
snail|spider|MadeOf|small animals
pants|blouse|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
pants|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
raspberry|avocado|IsA|fruit
elk|zebra|HasA|antlers/tusks
garlic|olive|HasA|eatable shell or peel
rope|bolts|UsedFor|restraining things
cabin|bedroom|UsedFor|human living
leg|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
elephant|giraffe|HasA|antlers/tusks
clarinet|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
cat|horse|HasA|paws
gun|rocket|CapableOf|fire bullets
olive|lemon|HasProperty|green
brush|drill|UsedFor|hair
goat|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
tank|barrel|CapableOf|use electricity
dishwasher|bed|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
roof|ceiling|HasA|diagram on it
ceiling|fingers|IsA|part of a building
banjo|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
girl|boy|UsedFor|transportation
window|fingers|IsA|part of a building
daughter|actress|HasA|a blood relation with you
crab|trout|HasA|legs/tentacles 
elbow|leg|HasProperty|upper body
pants|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
celery|avocado|IsA|vegetable
forearm|arm|HasA|less than three joints
caribou|ox|UsedFor|travel
cherry|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
gun|wheel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
kettle|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
chandelier|necklace|UsedFor|light
mixer|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
floor|room|AtLocation|at ground level
cousin|princess|PartOf|your family
jeep|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
clarinet|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
tiger|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
pencil|pen|CapableOf|get smaller as it's used
jacket|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
hut|gate|HasProperty|a black and white picture
toe|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
clarinet|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
stereo|hose|UsedFor|electronic uses
elbow|arm|HasA|less than three joints
dishwasher|spoon|HasA|electrical parts
car|canoe|MadeOf|metal
pear|garlic|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
otter|mole|CapableOf|live in water
raspberry|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
beetle|worm|HasA|legs, six or more
donkey|elephant|HasA|hooves
squid|perch|HasA|legs/tentacles 
shoulder|knees|AtLocation|upper body
wheel|boat|HasA|wheels
forearm|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
body|blood|HasA|bones
daughter|woman|HasA|a blood relation with you
cat|horse|IsA|typical pet
screws|rope|UsedFor|shooting
jeep|skis|HasProperty|consuming fuel
leg|arm|IsA|on the lower half 
bolts|rock|HasA|a type of metal
barrel|wheel|CapableOf|contain water
tiger|camel|HasA|stripes
wheel|fan|AtLocation|kitchen
snail|beetle|HasA|no legs
room|fingers|IsA|part of a building
beetle|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
cannon|wheel|CapableOf|be launched/fired
mother|wife|PartOf|close blood relative
fingers|arm|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
crocodile|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
walls|tower|PartOf|a house
mother|princess|IsA|direct or immediate relation
squid|catfish|HasA|legs/tentacles 
caterpillar|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
ankle|kidney|HasA|bones
daughter|girl|HasA|a blood relation with you
liquor|butter|IsA|liquid
stove|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
bison|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
necklace|lantern|HasProperty|something to be worn
violin|trombone|HasA|strings
dog|goat|UsedFor|food products
raspberry|orange|IsA|fruit
microwave|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
knee|neck|IsA|joint
plug|wheel|IsA|electric 
coconut|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
shirt|shoes|HasA|sleeves
skirt|boots|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
plate|wheel|HasProperty|part of a car
chandelier|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
deer|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
cherry|garlic|HasA|stone 
dress|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
bag|jacket|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
muscle|ankle|IsA|limb
scooter|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
deer|squirrel|PartOf|herd
cannon|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
knee|wrist|PartOf|lower body
clarinet|bagpipe|HasA|reed to make it work
trout|asparagus|IsA|fish
cheetah|crocodile|IsA|like a cat
alligator|mole|CapableOf|hunt other animals
elbow|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
pineapple|pear|HasA|usually inedible skin
arm|toe|AtLocation|upper body
bone|liver|HasA|bones
tap|rope|UsedFor|water
coat|wheelbarrow|IsA|item of clothing
kettle|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
banana|avocado|PartOf|group or bunch 
stove|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
leg|neck|PartOf|pair
mixer|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
actress|sister|IsA|profession
tank|canoe|MadeOf|metal
rabbit|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
cougar|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
forearm|toe|PartOf|the upper body
turtle|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
daughter|woman|HasA|blood relation with you
thigh|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
magazine|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
stereo|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
fan|hose|IsA|electric 
boots|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
razor|drill|UsedFor|grooming
skin|kidney|AtLocation|on your head
knee|hand|HasProperty|lower body
snail|cockroach|MadeOf|small animals
cucumber|corn|HasProperty|green
jeep|skis|HasA|an engine
arm|thigh|PartOf|upper body
oven|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
avocado|lemon|HasA|single hard pit
radio|plug|CapableOf|make sound
roof|bar|AtLocation|above your head in general
soup|sandwich|IsA|liquid
rifle|tank|IsA|firearm
blender|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
drill|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
arm|neck|HasA|more than one joint
guitar|flute|PartOf|strings
bathroom|fingers|IsA|part of a building
salmon|eel|IsA|fish
screwdriver|typewriter|UsedFor|driving screws
helicopter|balloon|UsedFor|transportation
accordion|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
room|bar|AtLocation|in your apartment
fridge|blender|IsA|larger than a child
bolts|tank|UsedFor|harm
vulture|hawk|HasA|long beak
kidney|toe|AtLocation|on the inside
turtle|rattlesnake|HasA|legs
bolts|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
buffalo|camel|HasA|horn or antler
razor|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for hair
plate|screws|HasProperty|part of a car
lime|avocado|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
knee|arm|PartOf|lower body
crab|squid|HasA|shell
floor|deck|PartOf|house
faucet|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
gun|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
duck|vulture|HasProperty|domesticated
blouse|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
carpet|bed|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
truck|wheel|IsA|powered vehicle
drill|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
ankle|eye|IsA|organ
caribou|tiger|IsA|herbivore
cousin|mother|IsA|immediate relation with you
pepper|olive|IsA|vegetable
wall|bedroom|UsedFor|lighting
gun|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
thigh|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
rabbit|cow|IsA|common pet
grenade|rocket|CapableOf|be held in a hand
banjo|saxophone|HasA|strings
spider|flea|CapableOf|flying
crayon|spatula|AtLocation|construction site
avocado|pepper|IsA|fruit
otter|squirrel|CapableOf|live in water
fingers|knee|PartOf|upper body
plug|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
peach|pear|HasA|single hard pit
mother|man|HasA|the color brown in it
mixer|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
flute|violin|IsA|wind instrument
brush|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
pliers|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
shoulder|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
avocado|banana|HasProperty|oval/round
boy|nurse|IsA|male
girlfriend|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
hand|deck|PartOf|body
tiger|horse|IsA|carnivore 
girlfriend|worker|IsA|family member
cherry|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
clarinet|flute|HasProperty|single-reed
car|bike|CapableOf|carry multiple people
cockroach|worm|CapableOf|flying
bridge|cottage|HasA|start with a b
tank|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
fridge|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
father|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
knees|neck|HasProperty|lower body
bedroom|wall|CapableOf|be used to sleep
shoulder|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
fridge|sink|HasA|electrical parts
stereo|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
mink|otter|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
milk|potatoes|IsA|diary food
mother|actress|HasA|multiple people pictured
radio|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
seagull|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
man|nurse|IsA|head
ankle|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
banana|orange|HasProperty|yellow
beetle|snail|IsA|insect
screws|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
nurse|worker|IsA|job or profession
gun|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
inn|hut|HasProperty|made of concrete
raspberry|avocado|HasProperty|red
dishwasher|sink|HasA|electrical parts
raccoon|mink|AtLocation|on  a tree
radio|rock|UsedFor|listening to music
alligator|porcupine|HasProperty|living in water
liver|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
squirrel|snail|HasA| 4 limbs
crocodile|horse|HasA|stripes
saxophone|trumpet|HasA|reed to make it work
spade|broom|IsA|weapon 
shotgun|tank|CapableOf|blow things up
ankle|skin|CapableOf|help you walk
blender|microwave|CapableOf|hold water
squirrel|alligator|IsA|mammal
turtle|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
tuba|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
elbow|knee|AtLocation|upper body
clamp|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
hand|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
butter|sauce|IsA|diary food
knife|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
socks|coat|HasProperty|worn below the waist
freezer|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
potato|onions|HasProperty|red
tiger|horse|HasProperty|eat meat
faucet|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rabbit|skunk|HasA|long ears
octopus|eel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
toe|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
yacht|scooter|AtLocation|in water
princess|father|CapableOf|become pregnant 
butterfly|caterpillar|HasA|wings
truck|bike|CapableOf|carry multiple people
muscle|elbow|AtLocation|in the torso
lobster|catfish|HasA|legs
sheep|cow|AtLocation|jungle
butterfly|beetle|CapableOf|flying
vulture|kite|IsA|alive 
accordion|harp|MadeOf|strings
faucet|hose|IsA| kitchen appliance 
kettle|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
clarinet|trumpet|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
deer|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
squirrel|beetle|PartOf|water
stereo|faucet|IsA|digital device
worker|cousin|HasProperty|male
leg|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
scissors|crayon|CapableOf|be used for hair
daughter|prince|IsA|direct relation with you
crocodile|rattlesnake|HasA|legs
prune|banana|HasA|(usually) edible skin
pot|tray|MadeOf|ceramic materials
balloon|ship|AtLocation|in the air
magazine|fan|UsedFor|music related entertainment
blouse|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
gun|grenade|UsedFor|bullets
toe|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
window|hand|PartOf|house
screwdriver|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
man|actress|IsA|male
hand|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
hair|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
elephant|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
orange|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
faucet|rock|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
radio|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
tape|radio|AtLocation|kitchen
bed|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
candle|cigarette|CapableOf|generate light
tank|grenade|HasA|caterpillar treads
frog|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
rabbit|porcupine|CapableOf|be held 
crocodile|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
steak|bean|HasProperty|meaty
coyote|hare|IsA|predator
plate|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
giraffe|hyena|IsA|herbivore
tap|rock|HasA|a type of metal
snail|frog|MadeOf|small animals
frog|camel|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
plate|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
tiger|zebra|IsA|like a cat
chisel|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
milk|sandwich|IsA|liquid
violin|cello|HasA|keys
bacon|supper|HasProperty|a single item
shrimp|eel|HasA|legs
cottage|cathedral|HasA|own altar
boots|trousers|AtLocation|foot
turtle|snail|HasA| 4 limbs
grapefruit|plum|IsA|citrus fruit
hair|leg|AtLocation|on your head
bolts|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
celery|beans|IsA|green vegetable
sofa|cupboard|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
coyote|deer|IsA|predator
lobster|squid|HasA|shell
fan|plug|IsA|mostly black in colour
salad|potatoes|MadeOf|several ingredients
cod|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
pineapple|orange|IsA|fruit
tiger|sheep|HasA|fur
raccoon|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
typewriter|pliers|CapableOf|writing
rocker|bolts|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
shirt|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
roof|tower|PartOf|house
camel|donkey|AtLocation|jungle
closet|tray|UsedFor|storage
aunt|wife|HasA|a blood relation with you
crayon|chisel|CapableOf|make holes 
caribou|camel|HasA|horn
spear|birch|IsA|weapon
donkey|goat|UsedFor|riding
kettle|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
horse|cart|IsA|herbivore
wrist|leg|PartOf|the upper body
tiger|rabbit|IsA|carnivore 
hand|tower|PartOf|body
spade|birch|IsA|tool
microwave|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
cupboard|curtains|UsedFor|storage
mixer|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
crocodile|snail|CapableOf|be found in the water
faucet|plug|CapableOf|work without electricity
tap|plug|CapableOf|be turned on
shoulder|arm|HasA|less than three joints
cherry|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
bed|hut|HasA|start with a b
daughter|uncle|IsA|direct relation with you
meat|sugar|IsA|colour red
caterpillar|cat|HasProperty|an insect
tower|ceiling|AtLocation|on the outside of building
kettle|sink|HasA|electrical parts
gown|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
gown|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
pear|raspberry|HasA|yellow color
donkey|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
kettle|colander|HasA|electrical parts
building|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
finger|deck|PartOf|body
cheetah|hyena|PartOf|the cat family
actress|man|IsA|profession
arm|blood|HasA|bones
frog|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
falcon|owl|HasA|large wingspan
comb|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
crayon|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
avocado|olive|IsA|fruit
elephant|zebra|IsA|has horns
blood|arm|AtLocation|on the inside
hair|blood|IsA|limb
skis|scooter|UsedFor|snow
leopard|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
ankle|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
stork|duck|HasA|large wingspan
yacht|sled|HasA|motor
steak|meal|HasProperty|a single item
plug|hose|IsA|electric 
wasp|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
gown|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
room|leg|PartOf|room
nose|finger|PartOf|face
sauce|butter|IsA|colour red
bungalow|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
avocado|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
chapel|cottage|IsA|religious place
tank|buggy|UsedFor|war
skirt|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
clamp|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
beetle|butterfly|HasA|wings
man|girl|IsA|male
bed|cupboard|CapableOf|can you sit on it
hose|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
stereo|magazine|IsA|digital device
cougar|giraffe|IsA|like a cat
elephant|giraffe|HasA|trunk
trombone|piano|IsA|wind instrument
building|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
elbow|ankle|UsedFor|a fight
coyote|beaver|IsA|predator
arm|room|PartOf|human body
floor|arm|PartOf|house
wheel|grenade|UsedFor|harm
finger|shoulder|HasA|more than one joint
muscle|neck|AtLocation|on your head
raccoon|mink|CapableOf|be held 
worker|princess|IsA|profession
skirt|banner|HasProperty|something that can be worn
milk|liquor|IsA|diary food
dress|shoes|AtLocation|above the feet
steak|soup|HasProperty|mainly meat
clamp|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
dishwasher|colander|IsA|appliance
rattlesnake|beaver|AtLocation|underground
cow|mouse|HasProperty|four-legged
wheel|tractor|HasA|two rows of seats
finger|leg|HasProperty|upper body
eel|crab|IsA|fish
liver|neck|AtLocation|inside
raccoon|coyote|AtLocation|on tree
jeep|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
cow|sheep|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
scarf|mirror|AtLocation|on neck
leg|hair|HasA|bones
mixer|tap|IsA|electronic device
arm|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
arm|window|PartOf|human body
pepper|coconut|IsA|vegetable
muscle|body|AtLocation|inside
rifle|cannon|CapableOf|fire bullets
toaster|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
father|aunt|IsA|male
actress|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
comb|drill|UsedFor|hair
church|bedroom|IsA|religious place
spear|broom|IsA|weapon 
harmonica|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
radio|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
dress|wheelbarrow|IsA|piece of clothing
groundhog|porcupine|AtLocation|underground
goat|onions|IsA|n animal
bridge|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
tomato|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
ankle|liver|HasA|bones
fan|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
liver|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
deer|elephant|HasA|hooves
fan|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
elephant|rattlesnake|HasA|legs
ceiling|roof|PartOf|room
tank|hose|CapableOf|use electricity
cat|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
doctor|worker|AtLocation|in a hospital
fridge|sink|IsA|appliance
faucet|fan|AtLocation|kitchen
girl|cousin|CapableOf|become pregnant 
crab|salmon|HasA|legs
cello|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
strawberry|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
catfish|mackerel|IsA|name begging with c
hand|knees|AtLocation|upper body
snail|butterfly|MadeOf|small animals
pencil|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
forearm|leg|PartOf|upper body
clarinet|trumpet|PartOf|woodwind
saxophone|piano|HasA|valves
stereo|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
razor|pliers|HasA|sharp edge
pants|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
goat|potato|HasProperty|furry
gun|rocket|IsA|weapon
rabbit|frog|HasA|fur
pony|dog|IsA|teeth
squirrel|coyote|CapableOf|climb trees
celery|lemon|HasProperty|green
bottle|bucket|MadeOf|metal
zebra|cart|IsA|an animal
fingers|elbow|IsA|plural
cannon|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
pineapple|orange|HasProperty|yellow
cousin|princess|IsA|family member
raccoon|squirrel|CapableOf|eat palm nuts
ox|hyena|HasA|horns 
turtle|squirrel|CapableOf|be found in the water
frog|sheep|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
daughter|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
ceiling|bar|PartOf|house
cat|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
drill|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
saxophone|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
chandelier|necklace|MadeOf|glass
lemon|cherry|HasA|seeds
bolts|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
barrel|rope|CapableOf|contain water
squirrel|rabbit|CapableOf|climb on tree
tomato|garlic|HasA|seeds
lantern|mirror|UsedFor|a light source
turtle|elephant|CapableOf|be found in the water
elephant|cheetah|HasA|antlers or tusks
screws|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
bed|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
gorilla|cheetah|IsA|herbivore
ankle|shoulder|PartOf|the lower body
cousin|daughter|IsA|family member
knees|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
lime|beans|IsA|fruit
candle|chandelier|UsedFor|camping gear
giraffe|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
cabin|tent|IsA|permanent structure
squid|eel|HasA|legs
jeans|jacket|PartOf|pair
jeans|dress|HasA|two seperate pant legs
kettle|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
scooter|buggy|HasA|wheels
cannon|rope|CapableOf|used in war
window|walls|CapableOf|be opened/closed
hose|cannon|IsA|vessel
mink|hare|CapableOf|climb trees
trumpet|piano|MadeOf|brass
cupboard|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
camel|cougar|UsedFor|crossing deserts
toaster|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
rope|screws|UsedFor|restraining things
horse|elephant|UsedFor|eating
harpsichord|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
radio|tape|IsA|related to music 
sink|door|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
kettle|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
chicken|perch|HasA|legs
yacht|bike|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
flute|saxophone|HasProperty|played with just breath
tape|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
comb|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
raspberry|avocado|PartOf|group or bunch 
room|window|HasProperty|an enclosed space
candle|scarf|UsedFor|a light source
milk|chocolate|IsA|liquid
stereo|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
chandelier|necklace|UsedFor|a light source
gun|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
king|prince|IsA|direct relation with you
bedroom|barn|AtLocation|at your home
bagpipe|flute|MadeOf|strings
window|ceiling|PartOf|another card 
scarf|dress|HasProperty|worn on the neck
grenade|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
blood|body|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
rabbit|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
comb|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for hair
boots|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
doctor|girlfriend|IsA|profession
tiger|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
paper|plastic|IsA|bottle
fridge|spoon|HasA|electrical parts
shield|blouse|UsedFor|protection
wasp|ant|HasA|wings
camel|cougar|HasA|hump 
blouse|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
wrist|toe|IsA|joint
tape|radio|HasProperty|round shaped
lemon|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
stereo|magazine|CapableOf|be turned on
lime|garlic|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
king|cousin|AtLocation|in a royal family
drill|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
wine|sugar|IsA|liquid
salad|soup|HasA|vegetable(s)
finger|nose|AtLocation|below mouth
kettle|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
neck|foot|PartOf|upper body
elbow|nail|HasA|bones
kettle|spoon|HasA|electrical parts
raspberry|garlic|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
pineapple|plum|HasProperty|yellow
garlic|pepper|IsA|fruit
mother|princess|HasA|multiple people pictured
skunk|mole|HasA|long tail
room|roof|HasProperty|enclosed
worker|boy|HasA|hat
forearm|leg|HasProperty|upper body
sink|toilet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
crab|catfish|HasA|shell
beer|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
celery|onions|HasA|any green on it 
cherry|celery|IsA|fruit
crocodile|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
beetle|caterpillar|HasA|wings
chicken|onions|IsA|animal
cow|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
freezer|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
raccoon|skunk|CapableOf|climb on tree
skunk|mole|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
bedroom|cupboard|CapableOf|be used to sleep
groundhog|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
cheetah|camel|IsA|predator 
fan|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
nurse|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
garlic|onions|IsA|fruit
gun|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
mixer|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
meat|butter|IsA|colour red
stove|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
plum|grapefruit|HasProperty|sweet
squid|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
sailboat|bike|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
actress|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
roof|arm|PartOf|house
fingers|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
crab|mackerel|HasA|legs
pen|chisel|UsedFor|writing
crayon|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
horse|cat|UsedFor|riding
daughter|wife|HasA|a blood relation with you
neck|roof|IsA|body part
magazine|rope|MadeOf|paper
blouse|banner|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
spoon|saucer|MadeOf|metal
boat|skis|IsA|powered vehicle
whisky|milk|IsA|alcohol
pony|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
clarinet|saxophone|PartOf|woodwind
wheel|scooter|PartOf|bicycle
roof|floor|HasA|diagram on it
garlic|cranberry|IsA|physical fruit or veg
clamp|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
girl|worker|HasProperty|a female
daughter|cousin|IsA|child
toaster|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
tractor|wheel|HasProperty|consuming fuel
hand|roof|PartOf|body
yacht|sled|UsedFor|water
violin|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
fawn|porcupine|PartOf|herd
paintbrush|chisel|UsedFor|crafts
wife|aunt|UsedFor|a married person
arm|leg|PartOf|an appendage
bayonet|pine|IsA|weapon 
beans|corn|UsedFor|meat replacement
squirrel|skunk|AtLocation|water usually
kettle|sink|HasProperty|electrically powered
avocado|onions|HasProperty|a green food
barrel|screws|CapableOf|transport liquids
hose|tap|UsedFor|a vehicle
raccoon|mole|HasProperty|originated from north america
bolts|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
corn|cherry|IsA|vegetable
celery|corn|HasA|any green on it 
car|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
curtains|bedroom|CapableOf|opening/closing
neck|ceiling|PartOf|body
bedroom|tent|IsA|permanent structure
bolts|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
pliers|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
hand|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
doctor|girlfriend|IsA|male
fingers|shoulder|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
falcon|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
socks|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
orange|garlic|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
saxophone|guitar|CapableOf|be played with mouth
trout|asparagus|IsA|water animal
soup|bacon|IsA|liquid
drill|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
pants|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
caribou|crocodile|HasA|antlers/tusks
groundhog|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
bagpipe|violin|IsA|wind instrument
beetle|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
jeans|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
gun|rocket|HasA|trigger
rifle|plate|CapableOf|used in war
princess|father|HasProperty|female
blood|ankle|AtLocation|inside
arm|foot|HasProperty|upper body
blender|door|IsA|electrical appliance
blender|sink|IsA|electric powered item
wife|daughter|UsedFor|a married person
birch|spear|IsA|tree
squirrel|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
leg|ceiling|IsA|body part
bridge|cathedral|HasA|own altar
hand|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
elbow|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
wasp|frog|IsA|insect
celery|broccoli|HasProperty|something people usually eat raw
eagle|dove|HasA|large wing span
daughter|man|IsA|family member
saxophone|flute|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
banana|prune|IsA|long fruit
tap|tape|IsA|mostly black in colour
wheel|buggy|HasA|wheels
wheel|raft|CapableOf|roll
ant|frog|HasProperty|an insect
bison|elephant|HasA|fur
boat|bowl|CapableOf|be found on water
candle|mirror|UsedFor|a light source
fingers|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
yacht|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
coconut|raspberry|HasA|edible skin
wheel|bike|PartOf|bicycle
sofa|door|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
door|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
shoes|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
scissors|pliers|HasA|sharp cutting edge
bison|cheetah|IsA|has horns
lime|coconut|HasProperty|green
jacket|dress|HasA|sleeves
scissors|brush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
arm|deck|IsA|body part
bed|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
shirt|socks|HasA|sleeves
squirrel|skunk|IsA|herbivore
lime|corn|IsA|fruit
blender|cupboard|CapableOf|hold water
lamp|necklace|UsedFor|providing light
mole|otter|HasProperty|4 letters long
camel|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
butterfly|turtle|IsA|insect
jeep|bike|HasA|an engine
magazine|microwave|UsedFor|entertainment
leopard|gorilla|IsA|like a cat
tank|skateboard|HasA|wheels
hand|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
bed|curtains|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
hawk|pelican|IsA|bird of prey
bridge|bungalow|IsA|component of a home
snail|ant|HasA|no legs
girlfriend|man|CapableOf|become pregnant 
arm|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
jacket|shirt|HasProperty|usually worn as outer layer
ceiling|neck|PartOf|house
wrist|fingers|HasProperty|part of a pair
boy|worker|HasA|the color brown in it
neck|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
dress|jacket|AtLocation|over your knees
horse|goat|UsedFor|riding
house|cabin|HasProperty|made of concrete
blender|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
shrimp|tuna|HasA|legs
pony|cow|UsedFor|riding
caribou|hyena|HasA|antler
finger|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
leg|arm|AtLocation|bottom half of body
mixer|bolts|UsedFor|music related entertainment
oven|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
pants|boots|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
shotgun|grenade|HasProperty|longer than one foot
barrel|bolts|CapableOf|hold water
pencil|scissors|UsedFor|writing
hand|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
bone|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
fan|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
ship|bowl|CapableOf|be found on water
nurse|boy|IsA|job or profession
boots|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
bedroom|bed|CapableOf|contain items
bed|barn|PartOf|set of furniture
beetle|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly
worm|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
avocado|celery|IsA|fruit
peach|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
cod|shrimp|IsA|fish
elephant|zebra|HasA|antlers/tusks
cucumber|corn|IsA|fruit
stereo|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
airplane|saucer|HasA|the ability to fly
blender|spoon|HasA|electrical parts
knee|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
thigh|shoulder|AtLocation|bottom half of body
beaver|mink|CapableOf|be held 
coat|tray|CapableOf|be worn
lamp|necklace|CapableOf|generate light
ankle|arm|AtLocation|on lower body
snail|frog|HasProperty|an insect
cannon|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
radio|mixer|CapableOf|directly make sound(using speakers)
tank|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
barrel|wheel|HasProperty|part of a car
shoes|jacket|PartOf|pair
guitar|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
drill|cannon|CapableOf|use electricity
toe|foot|PartOf|the upper body
toe|leg|PartOf|an appendage
cod|crab|IsA|fish
trumpet|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
beetle|ant|HasA|wings
shrimp|chicken|IsA|water animal
broccoli|beans|HasProperty|green (most part)
liver|elbow|IsA|limb
toe|kidney|IsA|organ
zebra|catfish|HasA|legs
stereo|fan|AtLocation|kitchen
car|wheel|UsedFor|single person transport
tap|radio|IsA| kitchen appliance 
elk|raccoon|PartOf|herd
boots|jeans|AtLocation|foot
deer|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
stereo|clamp|IsA|electric 
bagpipe|harp|MadeOf|strings
hose|rocket|CapableOf|contain water
beer|butter|IsA|liquid
orange|onions|HasA|seeds
cloak|umbrella|HasProperty|something that can be worn
hand|forearm|HasA|more than one joint
tiger|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
shield|jacket|IsA|logo
fan|hose|CapableOf|consume electricity
raspberry|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
cello|tuba|HasA|strings
bed|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
wife|father|HasProperty|female
dress|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
drill|tank|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
leg|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
leg|bar|PartOf|human body
scooter|raft|CapableOf|roll
tape|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
mixer|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
elk|mink|HasA|hooves
grapefruit|garlic|HasA|usually inedible skin
beaver|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
woman|nurse|HasA|color
crocodile|dog|HasProperty|eat meat
raspberry|cherry|AtLocation|be found on a bush
stereo|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
eye|hair|AtLocation|inside
arm|thigh|UsedFor|a fight
cheese|coconut|HasA|eatable shell or peel
trumpet|piano|HasA|valves
fan|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
tank|tractor|UsedFor|war
kettle|spoon|HasA|power supply
cat|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
wife|worker|HasProperty|exclusively female
corn|avocado|HasProperty|yellow or orange
plum|pear|HasA|stone 
snail|frog|IsA|bug
arm|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
peach|prune|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
pelican|falcon|AtLocation|at a beach
cod|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
iguana|elephant|IsA|reptile
bungalow|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
camel|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
arm|walls|PartOf|human body
fawn|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
hyena|bison|IsA|predator 
deck|bathroom|HasA|diagram on it
duck|vulture|AtLocation|at a beach
gown|jeans|HasA|sleeves
plug|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
arm|finger|HasProperty|something humans have two of
beaver|deer|CapableOf|be held 
pants|dress|PartOf|pair
plug|fan|AtLocation|kitchen
jeans|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
magazine|rock|MadeOf|paper
garlic|coconut|IsA|physical fruit or veg
squirrel|mole|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
fridge|dishwasher|CapableOf|make things cold
mackerel|catfish|CapableOf|come in a tin
camel|tiger|AtLocation|jungle
mixer|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
aunt|daughter|IsA|sibling
kidney|nail|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
tower|bathroom|AtLocation|outside of a home
door|sofa|PartOf|the entrance to a room
leg|arm|CapableOf|carrying objects
fridge|dishwasher|CapableOf|change temperature of things
floor|tower|PartOf|room
liquor|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
tank|cannon|CapableOf|use electricity
plug|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
lantern|tray|CapableOf|generate light
rabbit|potato|IsA|n animal
cod|salmon|IsA|name begging with c
elephant|giraffe|HasA|horn or antler
wife|princess|IsA|family member
arm|muscle|HasA|bones
seagull|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
clock|mirror|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
banana|prune|IsA|physical fruit or veg
wasp|squirrel|IsA|insect
neck|arm|IsA|limb
tiger|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
guitar|accordion|HasA|neck
brush|typewriter|AtLocation|construction site
clamp|radio|HasA|a type of metal
flea|cat|IsA|insect
bed|sink|HasProperty|in the bedroom
buggy|scooter|CapableOf|carry multiple people
saxophone|trumpet|HasProperty|single-reed
chandelier|mirror|CapableOf|generate light
screwdriver|stick|AtLocation|construction site
drill|pistol|AtLocation|in a toolbox
plum|cranberry|HasA|stone 
princess|actress|IsA|royal title
raspberry|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
porcupine|skunk|IsA|rodent
ox|elk|IsA|violent creature
harp|flute|MadeOf|strings
floor|tower|PartOf|house
stereo|radio|IsA|digital device
tiger|horse|CapableOf|fly
avocado|corn|HasProperty|a green food
princess|wife|IsA|profession
glass|metal|IsA|fragile
pencil|typewriter|HasA|graphite center
typewriter|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
stove|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
pigeon|kite|HasProperty|domesticated
harp|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
mixer|clamp|AtLocation|kitchen
faucet|tape|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
chandelier|mirror|UsedFor|a light source
hand|deck|PartOf|human body
skin|nail|AtLocation|on your head
sink|spoon|UsedFor|washings things in
wrist|fingers|HasA|less than three joints
worker|man|HasProperty|a profession
tap|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
father|nurse|HasProperty|royalty
microwave|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
pencil|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
elbow|knee|PartOf|upper body
moth|flea|CapableOf|fly
knee|foot|IsA|joint
coat|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
building|chapel|IsA|place to live permanently
bone|skin|AtLocation|inside
cow|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
beetle|butterfly|IsA|crustecean
olive|broccoli|IsA|fruit
clamp|magazine|MadeOf|metal/steel
alligator|squirrel|CapableOf|hunt other animals
fridge|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
trout|zebra|IsA|fish
chicken|catfish|HasA|legs
pony|donkey|AtLocation|jungle
violin|piano|HasA|strings
tent|bridge|AtLocation|at your home
tractor|scooter|CapableOf|hold more than one person
pencil|comb|AtLocation|construction site
leopard|bison|IsA|type of big cat
finger|window|IsA|body part
arm|neck|MadeOf|a whole body part
candle|mirror|HasProperty|makes light
gate|church|IsA|4 letter word
plum|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
wood|plastic|MadeOf|animals or plants
aunt|girlfriend|HasA|a blood relation with you
cathedral|inn|UsedFor|religious gatherings
trombone|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
balloon|boat|HasA|the ability to fly
jeans|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
tank|shotgun|UsedFor|firing artillery
crocodile|elephant|HasA|stripes
elephant|squirrel|CapableOf|kill a human
fingers|deck|PartOf|body
candle|necklace|MadeOf|/contain glass
necklace|cigarette|HasProperty|something to be worn
wrist|forearm|IsA|joint
mixer|tape|HasA|a type of metal
leg|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
caribou|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
plum|garlic|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
leg|bathroom|PartOf|human body
knees|arm|AtLocation|below waist
guitar|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
screws|rocket|UsedFor|building
mole|hare|AtLocation|underground
finger|window|PartOf|human body
broccoli|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable 
father|worker|HasA|blood relationship with you
walls|room|PartOf|garage
shoulder|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
fingers|ankle|PartOf|upper body
ankle|shoulder|IsA|joint
oven|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
frog|cat|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
wheel|skis|HasA|circular component 
mug|spoon|HasA|handle
mixer|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
saxophone|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
stove|toilet|CapableOf|be plugged in
saxophone|banjo|CapableOf|be played with mouth
dishwasher|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
screws|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
window|room|PartOf|garage
snail|moth|MadeOf|small animals
trombone|piano|IsA|brass instrument
deck|arm|PartOf|room
hare|deer|CapableOf|be held 
mole|hare|CapableOf|go underground
dishwasher|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
mother|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
radio|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
drill|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mother|wife|HasA|blood relation with you
rattlesnake|hare|AtLocation|underground
salad|bean|HasA|vegetable(s)
finger|bar|PartOf|body
nose|tongue|PartOf|makeup regimen
bed|closet|CapableOf|can you sit on it
foot|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
gown|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
bathroom|roof|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
elk|porcupine|HasA|horn
caribou|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
truck|bike|HasA|engine
eel|salmon|HasA|snake like body
arm|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
drill|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
crocodile|rattlesnake|CapableOf|be found in the water
clarinet|guitar|CapableOf|be blown into
crocodile|zebra|AtLocation|in water
pistol|plate|UsedFor|shooting
gorilla|cougar|IsA|predator 
harp|harpsichord|HasA|strings
crocodile|camel|HasA|stripes
salmon|squid|HasA|fins
fan|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
tongue|brow|IsA|(one of five) human senses
cloak|blouse|HasA|male on it
fingers|neck|UsedFor|waving
neck|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
pants|bag|IsA|worn on the lower body
spatula|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
horse|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
chisel|scissors|IsA|construction tool
goat|horse|HasA|fur
cat|cow|IsA|common pet
girl|cousin|UsedFor|transportation
cannon|plate|CapableOf|used in war
pistol|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
clarinet|harmonica|HasA|reed to make it work
guitar|harpsichord|HasA|strings
broom|willow|IsA|tool
faucet|plug|CapableOf|be turned on
mixer|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
chapel|house|IsA|religious place
barrel|rope|IsA|vessel
truck|skateboard|HasA|an engine
tank|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
knee|neck|HasProperty|lower body
pen|knife|UsedFor|drawing or painting
uncle|daughter|IsA|male
trombone|harp|IsA|wind instrument
alligator|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
rifle|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
dog|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
pen|drill|UsedFor|writing
cello|banjo|HasProperty|played with a bow
sheep|cat|AtLocation|on a farm 
rifle|plate|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
pipe|plate|CapableOf|contain water
girl|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
fingers|floor|IsA|body part
cod|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
toe|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
barrel|cannon|IsA|vessel
brush|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
lips|nose|HasProperty|about mouth
wife|girlfriend|IsA|family member
mink|skunk|UsedFor|swimming
oven|fridge|UsedFor|making food
hare|raccoon|HasA|long ears
bayonet|willow|IsA|weapon 
flute|banjo|HasA|tube
bed|curtains|CapableOf|be used to sleep
spider|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
mackerel|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
ankle|skin|AtLocation|below your waist
buggy|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
ceiling|neck|PartOf|room
skateboard|skis|HasA|wheels
cabin|bed|MadeOf|one or more rooms
peach|prune|IsA|red  or orang
raspberry|plum|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
house|gate|HasA|roof
man|actress|HasProperty|male
fridge|kettle|IsA|larger than a child
elk|ox|HasA|antlers
rocker|magazine|IsA|related to music 
whisky|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
raft|bike|UsedFor|riding on water
lantern|scarf|MadeOf|glass
lamb|potato|IsA|meat or animal
bungalow|house|HasA|start with a b
typewriter|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
meal|bacon|HasA|vegetable(s)
celery|coconut|HasProperty|green
pencil|paintbrush|UsedFor|cutting
cheetah|tiger|IsA|type of cat
crayon|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
foot|hand|AtLocation|below waist
perch|eel|IsA|fish
girl|worker|IsA|female (strictly)
screwdriver|scissors|IsA|construction tool
church|house|UsedFor|religious gatherings
saxophone|trombone|IsA|instruments with buttons
rabbit|donkey|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
squirrel|rattlesnake|PartOf|water
whisky|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
pony|camel|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
mother|boy|HasA|color
cello|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
clamp|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
mink|mole|AtLocation|water usually
princess|actress|HasProperty|royalty
crab|eel|HasA|claws
cello|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
daughter|man|HasA|blood relationship with you
jet|boat|CapableOf|fly
prune|avocado|HasProperty|purple
tray|closet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
balloon|ship|HasA|the ability to fly
fingers|tower|IsA|body part
jacket|banner|HasProperty|something that can be worn
banner|blouse|IsA|logo
drill|hose|UsedFor|building
squirrel|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
window|roof|CapableOf|let in air
catfish|salmon|HasA|name beginning with c
catfish|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
dog|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
actress|boy|IsA|job or profession
raspberry|coconut|IsA|berry
flea|frog|IsA|insect
bolts|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
drill|rope|UsedFor|building
bedroom|wall|MadeOf|wood
knees|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
groundhog|elk|CapableOf|go underground
supper|soup|HasProperty|two syllables
brother|daughter|IsA|family member
wrist|neck|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
boat|skateboard|HasProperty|consuming fuel
woman|worker|HasA|friends on it
banner|cloak|IsA|logo
raspberry|banana|HasA|edible skin
shoes|dress|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
elbow|bone|IsA|organ
paintbrush|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
bed|apartment|PartOf|set of furniture
socks|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
fawn|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
nail|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
alligator|squirrel|IsA|amphibian
butterfly|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
rope|fan|AtLocation|kitchen
socks|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on lower body
hand|bar|PartOf|body
arm|knee|PartOf|the upper body
cupboard|wall|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
crab|perch|HasA|shell
broom|birch|IsA|man made thing
rope|plug|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
mixer|faucet|IsA|electronic device
jet|bowl|AtLocation|in the air
turtle|rattlesnake|IsA|amphibian
cannon|bolts|CapableOf|be launched/fired
chandelier|scarf|MadeOf|metal
lemon|pear|HasProperty|yellow
plate|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
bridge|bedroom|IsA|component of a home
clamp|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
arm|room|IsA|body part
fan|magazine|IsA|mostly black in colour
pistol|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
mother|man|HasProperty|female
microwave|tray|UsedFor|making food
spear|birch|IsA|weapon 
cow|bison|IsA|teeth
caribou|bison|HasA|antlers
alligator|elephant|IsA|amphibian
stereo|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
screwdriver|razor|AtLocation|in a toolbox
skateboard|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
wheel|cannon|UsedFor|harm
walls|fingers|IsA|part of a building
arm|wrist|MadeOf|a whole body part
girl|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
wasp|snail|HasA|wings
hyena|zebra|IsA|type of big cat
cheetah|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
hyena|caribou|AtLocation|in hot climates 
house|bridge|UsedFor|sleeping in
milk|bacon|IsA|liquid
lamp|necklace|CapableOf|give off light/glow
butterfly|cat|IsA|insect
deer|camel|IsA|has horns
trousers|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
cherry|banana|HasA|edible skin (usually)
neck|tower|PartOf|body
harmonica|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
duck|tomato|IsA|meat or animal
crayon|stick|AtLocation|construction site
toe|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
plum|avocado|HasProperty|purple
squid|zebra|IsA|mollusk
strainer|screws|HasProperty|circular
pencil|razor|UsedFor|writing/drawing
finger|foot|AtLocation|upper body
tank|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
dress|bag|IsA|piece of clothing
fingers|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
mother|actress|IsA|person
thigh|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
wrist|finger|PartOf|pair/no more than two
harp|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
banner|robe|IsA|logo
father|woman|IsA|male
trousers|shirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
rifle|cannon|HasA|finger trigger
coyote|elk|IsA|predator
stove|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
ankle|finger|IsA|joint
sailboat|bike|UsedFor|water
blouse|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
chapel|house|UsedFor|a place of worship
elbow|leg|PartOf|upper body
kettle|sink|IsA|electric powered item
father|boy|HasProperty|a blood relative
elk|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
rabbit|alligator|IsA|mammal
sheep|dog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
blouse|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
saxophone|harmonica|HasA|reed to make it work
cat|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
elbow|liver|IsA|part of the skeleton
elbow|liver|HasA|bones
dishwasher|spoon|UsedFor|washing dishes
knees|hand|PartOf|lower body
crocodile|cow|HasProperty|eat meat
horse|rabbit|HasA|hooves
plug|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
otter|rabbit|UsedFor|swimming
elk|beaver|HasA|horn
ceiling|arm|PartOf|house
squirrel|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
trousers|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
rabbit|spider|HasA|tail
banana|prune|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
toe|nail|AtLocation|below your waist
cart|zebra|IsA|object
stereo|tape|IsA|electric 
skis|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
violin|trombone|HasA|keys
tuba|violin|IsA|wind instrument
leg|neck|PartOf|lower body
pants|jacket|IsA|worn on the lower body
finger|knees|PartOf|upper body
elephant|leopard|IsA|has horns
wasp|spider|CapableOf|fly 
giraffe|elephant|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
sofa|bedroom|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
rope|wheel|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
lamb|chicken|HasProperty|furry
cupboard|carpet|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
plate|drill|IsA|vessel
mackerel|eel|AtLocation|in sea
bone|hair|HasA|bones
tower|leg|PartOf|building
zebra|horse|CapableOf|fly
cigarette|mirror|CapableOf|be set alight with match
catfish|zebra|IsA|water animal
spider|cat|IsA|bug
muscle|nail|IsA|limb
faucet|rock|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
magazine|rocker|MadeOf|paper
stove|bed|UsedFor|making food
bridge|gate|HasA| place for worship
avocado|corn|HasA|any green on it 
mixer|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
elk|bison|HasA|antlers
fawn|raccoon|HasA|hooves
strainer|tray|HasProperty|circular
wheel|raft|MadeOf|metal
coyote|raccoon|IsA|predator
wine|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
bike|raft|HasA|wheels
hyena|elk|IsA|type of big cat
falcon|duck|CapableOf|attack others
radio|tape|IsA|electric 
aunt|princess|IsA|family member
raspberry|banana|HasA|(usually) edible skin
raspberry|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
milk|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
skin|elbow|IsA|limb
mackerel|perch|CapableOf|come in a tin
gun|drill|CapableOf|be launched/fired
arm|tower|PartOf|body
banjo|harpsichord|HasA|neck
celery|lemon|IsA|vegetable
boy|doctor|IsA|male
truck|tank|HasA|wheels
boat|scooter|IsA|powered vehicle
pistol|hose|CapableOf|used in war
trousers|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
elk|skunk|PartOf|herd
roof|neck|PartOf|building
bolts|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
leg|muscle|IsA|part of the skeleton
father|boy|IsA|family member
eggplant|celery|IsA|purple vegetable
squirrel|snail|PartOf|water
typewriter|spatula|CapableOf|writing
wood|tin|CapableOf|burn
ankle|nail|HasA|bones
hose|pistol|IsA|vessel
stereo|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
house|chapel|IsA|place to live permanently
walls|roof|PartOf|another card 
bathroom|floor|HasProperty|an enclosed space
shoulder|toe|IsA|limb
mug|bottle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
bolts|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
forearm|shoulder|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
mole|mink|AtLocation|underground
necklace|mirror|MadeOf|metal
squirrel|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
ceiling|bar|PartOf|room
bridge|church|IsA|component of a home
octopus|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
leg|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
piano|trombone|MadeOf|strings
prince|cousin|IsA|direct relation
cat|sheep|HasA|fur
spider|cat|HasProperty|an insect
sheep|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
bolts|fan|AtLocation|kitchen
wheel|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
grapefruit|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
prune|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
wheel|sailboat|CapableOf|roll
clarinet|trombone|MadeOf|strings
doctor|father|IsA|professional
finger|elbow|AtLocation|below where a watch is
ankle|body|CapableOf|help you walk
avocado|cherry|HasA|yellow color
duck|pelican|IsA|alive 
eagle|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
toaster|door|IsA|electrical appliance
eye|elbow|IsA|on the lower half 
knees|neck|HasProperty|below the waist 
catfish|zebra|IsA|fish
wasp|frog|HasProperty|an insect
eye|neck|AtLocation|on your head
knees|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
neck|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
crocodile|elephant|CapableOf|be found in the water
radio|fan|CapableOf|directly make sound(using speakers)
eagle|starling|HasA|large wingspan
garlic|beans|HasProperty|needs peeling
bungalow|hut|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
comb|typewriter|UsedFor|grooming
hand|roof|PartOf|human body
rope|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
drill|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
peach|garlic|IsA|fruit
freezer|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
room|leg|IsA|part of a building
fingers|ceiling|PartOf|human body
cousin|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
tank|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
elephant|rabbit|UsedFor|human transport
jacket|pants|AtLocation|upper part of body
finger|fingers|HasA|less than three joints
cat|camel|UsedFor|food products
scooter|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
groundhog|raccoon|CapableOf|go underground
mixer|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
worker|woman|IsA|male
worker|mother|HasA|pay check
accordion|trombone|MadeOf|strings
bed|toaster|HasProperty|in the bedroom
ceiling|window|PartOf|room
bedroom|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
gun|pipe|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
shrimp|cod|HasA|shell
beaver|mink|AtLocation|on tree
crocodile|zebra|IsA|predator 
kettle|ladle|HasProperty|electrically powered
rock|microwave|UsedFor|entertainment
kettle|pot|HasA|handle
trumpet|trombone|HasA|valves
ankle|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
hare|raccoon|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
alligator|mink|CapableOf|hunt other animals
faucet|rope|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
wheel|skis|CapableOf|roll
ship|airplane|CapableOf|transport ships
rope|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
nurse|princess|AtLocation|in a hospital
crocodile|snail|IsA|amphibian
grapefruit|cherry|HasA|peel
gorilla|elk|IsA|predator 
car|scooter|IsA|powered vehicle
rope|stereo|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
boat|wheel|HasA|an engine
trumpet|banjo|CapableOf|be played with mouth
hare|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
lamb|duck|AtLocation|in water
skin|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
fingers|leg|AtLocation|upper body
fingers|roof|IsA|body part
tiger|giraffe|HasA|stripes
cat|horse|HasA|fur
skirt|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
bowl|balloon|UsedFor|food
faucet|tap|MadeOf|metal/steel
scarf|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
faucet|clamp|CapableOf|provide water
kidney|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
dog|deer|HasA|fur
cougar|camel|IsA|violent creature
hare|skunk|HasA|big ears
hare|squirrel|HasA|long ears
drill|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
tiger|cart|IsA|an animal
pine|broom|IsA|tree
mink|raccoon|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
cougar|elk|AtLocation|in hot climates 
duck|onions|IsA|animal
pot|bottle|MadeOf|ceramic materials
leg|window|PartOf|human body
scissors|brush|MadeOf|only metal
bedroom|inn|AtLocation|at your home
leg|room|IsA|body part
forearm|neck|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
alligator|groundhog|IsA|predator
bedroom|chapel|IsA|place to live permanently
sauce|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
beans|broccoli|UsedFor|meat replacement
salmon|chicken|IsA|water animal
camel|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
gate|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
raccoon|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
elephant|crocodile|HasA|horn
bike|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
cat|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
tuba|piano|MadeOf|strings
tray|pot|AtLocation|in the kitchen
toaster|sink|UsedFor|making food
chisel|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
neck|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
hose|pipe|CapableOf|store or transport water
blender|spoon|HasProperty|electrically powered
window|bathroom|CapableOf|let in air
trombone|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
liquor|soup|HasProperty|alcoholic
leg|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
broccoli|coconut|IsA|vegetable
bed|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
trumpet|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
tape|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
bed|sofa|MadeOf|wood typically
tank|skis|HasA|an engine
clarinet|banjo|CapableOf|be played with mouth
bathroom|bar|PartOf|room
spear|bed|IsA|weapon
hair|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
faucet|magazine|IsA| kitchen appliance 
trousers|dress|UsedFor|covering legs
radio|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
mixer|hose|IsA|related to music 
raft|sled|UsedFor|water
crayon|comb|CapableOf|writing
girlfriend|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
hose|rope|CapableOf|provide water
dress|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
buffalo|cheetah|HasA|horn or antler
olive|celery|IsA|fruit
foot|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
pear|prune|IsA|physical fruit or veg
rabbit|porcupine|HasA|long ears
elk|elephant|HasA|antler
garlic|onions|MadeOf|cloves
drill|cannon|AtLocation|in a toolbox
cannon|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
drill|rocket|UsedFor|building
man|princess|HasProperty|male
shoes|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
eggplant|broccoli|UsedFor|meat replacement
mixer|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
wrist|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
eye|toe|AtLocation|on your head
knees|arm|IsA|joint
zebra|asparagus|IsA|black and white
snail|squirrel|IsA|bug
guitar|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
gun|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
hose|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
blender|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
deer|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
car|scooter|HasA|an engine
kettle|spoon|IsA|appliance
crocodile|bison|HasProperty|eat meat
dishwasher|sink|HasProperty|consuming electricity
pliers|razor|IsA|construction tool
squirrel|rattlesnake|HasA| 4 limbs
deer|buffalo|IsA|has horns
elbow|thigh|UsedFor|a fight
pencil|brush|UsedFor|cutting
blouse|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
eggplant|onions|HasA|any green on it 
bison|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
stereo|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
banjo|flute|HasA|strings
knees|elbow|PartOf|lower body
beans|onions|UsedFor|meat replacement
candle|lamp|IsA|nice smelling object
scissors|comb|HasA|sharp edge
cheetah|gorilla|IsA|like a cat
barrel|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
lamp|scarf|MadeOf|glass
tuna|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
toe|neck|PartOf|an appendage
truck|scooter|IsA|powered vehicle
mixer|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
bedroom|wall|CapableOf|contain items
blender|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
sailboat|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
father|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
brother|daughter|IsA|man
pen|knife|CapableOf|writing
bed|curtains|MadeOf|wood
freezer|door|CapableOf|be plumbed in
worm|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
dishwasher|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
door|curtains|MadeOf|wood typically
mother|cousin|CapableOf|become pregnant 
caribou|crocodile|HasA|antlers or tusks
hose|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
stereo|plug|CapableOf|be turned on
uncle|king|IsA|family member
blender|fridge|UsedFor|making food
screwdriver|stick|IsA|construction tool
tractor|yacht|UsedFor|farming
leg|wrist|AtLocation|on lower body
walls|tower|AtLocation|at ground level
father|uncle|IsA|direct relation with you
barn|bed|MadeOf|one or more rooms
rocker|tape|CapableOf|make sound
tank|rocket|IsA|weapon
neck|bar|PartOf|human body
hose|drill|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
sandwich|steak|HasA|vegetable(s)
jeans|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
deer|rattlesnake|HasA|antlers/horns
screws|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
knife|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
prune|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
camel|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
otter|skunk|UsedFor|swimming
butterfly|spider|HasProperty|an insect
mother|aunt|PartOf|close blood relative
inn|cottage|HasProperty|made of concrete
toaster|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
dishwasher|toilet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
tiger|gorilla|IsA|like a cat
rabbit|cat|PartOf|jumping
wasp|flea|CapableOf|flying
gate|barn|AtLocation|at your home
room|tower|CapableOf|be opened/closed
doctor|aunt|IsA|profession
jeans|shirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
shoes|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
flute|piano|IsA|wind instrument
shoes|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your feet
bed|birch|IsA|man made thing
scissors|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for hair
parakeet|stork|CapableOf|be a household pet
buffalo|cheetah|HasA|horn
fawn|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
walls|neck|IsA|part of a building
girl|daughter|UsedFor|transportation
scarf|cigarette|AtLocation|neck
oven|kettle|UsedFor|making food
gown|sack|HasA|sleeves
inn|bridge|HasA|roof
rabbit|mouse|HasProperty|four-legged
roof|window|UsedFor|tiling
radio|rope|IsA|electric 
bridge|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
daughter|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
tank|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
trout|mackerel|IsA|one syllable word
deck|ceiling|HasA|diagram on it
peach|pear|HasA|stone 
floor|arm|PartOf|building
snail|frog|IsA|insect
grapefruit|cranberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
bolts|barrel|UsedFor|building
wine|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
sheep|donkey|AtLocation|on a farm 
coconut|pear|HasA|edible skin
fan|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
vulture|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
cherry|pepper|IsA|fruit
pistol|cannon|IsA|firearm
tiger|horse|IsA|teeth
plum|banana|IsA|word beginning with p
forearm|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
gown|jacket|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
tape|rocker|UsedFor|a vehicle
shoulder|fingers|IsA|joint
beetle|snail|CapableOf|fly
caterpillar|wasp|HasA|no legs
ceiling|walls|AtLocation|above your head in general
fan|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
leg|liver|HasA|bones
tongue|lips|UsedFor|eating
gown|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
rabbit|squirrel|HasA|long ear
shotgun|grenade|UsedFor|bullets
fingers|neck|AtLocation|below where a watch is
kidney|neck|AtLocation|inside
jeans|wheelbarrow|IsA|worn on the lower body
arm|knee|HasProperty|upper body
avocado|lemon|IsA|physical fruit or veg
bungalow|barn|UsedFor|human living
fan|plug|MadeOf|steel mainly
plum|grapefruit|HasA|(usually) edible skin
tap|plug|CapableOf|work without electricity
grapefruit|avocado|HasProperty|red
barn|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
man|actress|IsA|car
mother|nurse|HasA|color
gate|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
rabbit|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
princess|worker|IsA|female (strictly)
ankle|hair|HasA|bones
muscle|arm|AtLocation|on your head
mixer|magazine|IsA|related to music 
gun|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
wasp|snail|HasProperty|an insect
blouse|bag|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
alligator|groundhog|CapableOf|hunt other animals
car|skis|MadeOf|metal
mole|elk|CapableOf|be held 
jeans|coat|HasProperty|worn below the waist
shoulder|fingers|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
pony|elephant|HasA|hooves
ship|bowl|UsedFor|transportation
woman|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
woman|cousin|HasProperty|exclusively female
cupboard|sofa|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
cousin|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
gun|barrel|CapableOf|be held in a hand
foot|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
pony|donkey|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
horse|cow|UsedFor|riding
building|hut|HasProperty|made of concrete
deer|hyena|IsA|has horns
radio|rope|IsA|related to music 
wife|actress|HasA|multiple people pictured
scarf|candle|IsA|item of clothing
blender|dishwasher|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
airplane|boat|AtLocation|in the air
window|hand|IsA|part of a building
plate|tank|HasProperty|part of a car
octopus|asparagus|IsA|mollusk
hawk|sparrow|HasA|large wing span
horse|tiger|CapableOf|be domesticated
man|wife|IsA|car
arm|elbow|PartOf|an appendage
elk|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
hose|magazine|CapableOf|provide water
freezer|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
boy|worker|HasProperty|steel
rocket|wheel|CapableOf|be launched/fired
skunk|metal|CapableOf|burn
oven|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
ladle|colander|CapableOf|scoop things
stereo|clamp|UsedFor|electronic uses
fridge|colander|HasA|power supply
tractor|raft|MadeOf|metal
kettle|colander|HasA|power supply
salmon|eel|HasA|fins
chisel|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
hose|tank|UsedFor|harm
dress|shoes|AtLocation|upper part of body
shrimp|perch|HasA|legs/tentacles 
clamp|plug|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
walls|tower|AtLocation|in your apartment
girl|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
cherry|cucumber|IsA|fruit
mother|boy|HasA|an adult on it
fridge|kettle|HasProperty|big
barrel|rocket|UsedFor|storage
jeans|sack|IsA|worn on the lower body
radio|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
knee|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
crocodile|frog|HasProperty|eat meat
worker|actress|IsA|male
fridge|ladle|HasProperty|electrically powered
window|roof|PartOf|another card 
beaver|coyote|IsA|herbivore
tomato|duck|AtLocation|in water
perch|squid|IsA|fish
pistol|pipe|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
airplane|balloon|HasA|wings
gun|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
paper|tin|IsA|fragile
cathedral|gate|IsA|public building (typically)
flute|banjo|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
girlfriend|man|IsA|family member
flute|banjo|CapableOf|be played with mouth
guitar|accordion|MadeOf|strings
cockroach|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
fan|plug|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
wife|girl|IsA|family member
wasp|cat|CapableOf|flying
toe|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
nurse|worker|AtLocation|in a hospital
grenade|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
elephant|tiger|UsedFor|human transport
hare|groundhog|HasA|long ear
goat|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
hose|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
orange|corn|HasA|seeds
cupboard|door|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
scarf|lamp|AtLocation|on neck
bone|skin|HasA|bones
barrel|tank|CapableOf|transport liquids
rocker|rope|IsA|related to music 
jet|saucer|CapableOf|fly
bathroom|floor|PartOf|room
wrist|knee|AtLocation|upper body
jeans|sack|IsA|piece of clothing
skirt|boots|IsA|typically female clothing item
radio|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
car|truck|HasA|two rows of seats
boots|blouse|AtLocation|on your feet
finger|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
crocodile|squirrel|AtLocation|in a river 
cello|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
bungalow|cabin|HasProperty|for the rich
cloak|shield|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
elk|gorilla|HasA|antlers or tusks
candle|scarf|MadeOf|/contain glass
rocker|plug|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
plug|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
toilet|sink|CapableOf|can you sit on it
hyena|tiger|IsA|predator 
crayon|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
mother|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
sauce|butter|MadeOf|cup
hose|fan|CapableOf|provide water
goat|horse|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
dress|bag|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
flute|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
tiger|deer|IsA|carnivore 
socks|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
mixer|stereo|UsedFor|mixing audio inputs
bison|camel|HasA|fur
socks|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
caribou|bison|IsA|specific type of deer
microwave|closet|UsedFor|making food
tray|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
bolts|magazine|MadeOf|metal/steel
hand|knee|PartOf|the upper body
rocket|cannon|UsedFor|harm
scissors|spatula|CapableOf|be used for hair
pipe|grenade|CapableOf|contain water
horse|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
finger|tongue|AtLocation|below mouth
clarinet|cello|IsA|wind instrument
flute|piano|UsedFor|blowing
stereo|tape|IsA|digital device
gun|barrel|HasA|finger trigger
man|girl|IsA|car
tower|fingers|PartOf|house
fan|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
bungalow|barn|IsA|place to live permanently
bed|sink|CapableOf|can you sit on it
elephant|dog|UsedFor|riding
actress|aunt|IsA|profession
man|boy|IsA|car
elk|rabbit|PartOf|herd
harpsichord|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
cherry|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
moth|beetle|CapableOf|flying
raccoon|squirrel|HasProperty|originated from north america
cod|salmon|HasA|name beginning with c
tap|rope|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
faucet|rope|IsA| kitchen appliance 
bone|elbow|AtLocation|on the inside
avocado|raspberry|HasA|edible skin
mixer|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
jacket|bag|HasA|sleeves
cottage|barn|UsedFor|human living
bison|sheep|IsA|carnivore 
snail|worm|IsA|crustecean
mole|squirrel|CapableOf|go underground
mink|metal|CapableOf|burn
horse|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
walls|arm|IsA|part of a building
whisky|bean|IsA|liquid
lamp|cigarette|CapableOf|generate light
father|wife|IsA|family member
tank|yacht|HasA|wheels
eye|arm|AtLocation|on your head
violin|tuba|UsedFor|sound
dress|trousers|HasA|sleeves
bolts|gun|UsedFor|harm
bathroom|tower|PartOf|house
sheep|camel|HasA|hooves
gorilla|cougar|IsA|herbivore
kite|pigeon|AtLocation|at a beach
kettle|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
aunt|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
trout|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
screwdriver|typewriter|AtLocation|in a toolbox
boat|canoe|HasA|engine
butter|bean|IsA|diary food
toe|arm|CapableOf|carrying objects
trousers|coat|HasA|two seperate pant legs
avocado|cherry|HasProperty|green
butterfly|spider|CapableOf|fly 
muscle|hair|AtLocation|inside
camel|pony|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
trousers|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
tiger|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
avocado|banana|HasA|stone inside
boots|pants|AtLocation|foot
scissors|stick|CapableOf|be used for hair
actress|man|IsA|female (strictly)
camel|donkey|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
hand|toe|AtLocation|upper body
scarf|skirt|HasProperty|worn on the neck
pistol|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
gown|wheelbarrow|AtLocation|on your upper torso
skirt|boots|UsedFor|covering legs
mink|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
fan|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
groundhog|fawn|CapableOf|be held 
building|church|IsA|place to live permanently
fingers|shoulder|IsA|plural
cat|pony|HasA|fur
stove|door|PartOf|kitchen appliance
spoon|fridge|CapableOf|be held in your hand
leg|ceiling|PartOf|body
rabbit|donkey|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
crab|tuna|HasA|shell
pipe|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
truck|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
brush|scissors|UsedFor|brushing
rocker|fan|CapableOf|make sound
beaver|mole|CapableOf|climb trees
pistol|hose|IsA|firearm
snail|caterpillar|MadeOf|small animals
guitar|piano|MadeOf|strings
skis|boat|UsedFor|snow
avocado|corn|HasProperty|green
dog|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
blender|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
clarinet|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
father|aunt|HasProperty|male
trout|asparagus|IsA|one syllable word
princess|aunt|HasProperty|royalty
cougar|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
chandelier|thermometer|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
shoes|bag|IsA|piece of clothing
bed|tray|HasProperty|in the bedroom
bolts|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
hare|otter|HasA|long tail
dishwasher|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
grenade|rocket|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
car|canoe|HasA|wheels
boots|jacket|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
cat|spider|IsA|common pet
screws|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
shoes|sack|AtLocation|on your feet
mug|tray|MadeOf|ceramic materials
necklace|pants|HasProperty|worn on the neck
tuna|eel|HasA|fins
bedroom|hut|AtLocation|at your home
chicken|rabbit|CapableOf|eating
shoulder|leg|IsA|upper body part
hawk|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
radio|tape|CapableOf|make sound
deer|rabbit|PartOf|herd
drill|wheel|CapableOf|use electricity
jacket|dress|HasA|hood
raft|bike|AtLocation|in water
leopard|elephant|IsA|predator 
lobster|perch|HasA|legs
banana|raspberry|HasProperty|yellow
rabbit|horse|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
elbow|knee|HasProperty|upper body
cupboard|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
stove|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
zebra|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
kettle|ladle|HasA|power supply
fridge|sink|HasProperty|using electricity
buffalo|cougar|HasA|hooves
bison|hyena|HasA|horn
jet|ship|CapableOf|fly
barrel|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
hand|floor|IsA|body part
pliers|spatula|AtLocation|construction site
finger|neck|HasProperty|more than one for people
paintbrush|pencil|UsedFor|brushing
cello|harpsichord|HasA|neck
rock|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
jacket|boots|AtLocation|upper part of body
neck|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
horse|camel|HasA|hooves
milk|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
elk|hyena|HasA|antler
elk|rabbit|HasA|horn
cart|giraffe|IsA|object
elephant|crocodile|HasA|antlers/tusks
cupboard|bedroom|UsedFor|storage
truck|canoe|HasA|an engine
rabbit|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
cod|zebra|HasA|fins
tank|wheel|CapableOf|use electricity
son|daughter|IsA|man
arm|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
bolts|rope|MadeOf|metal/steel
ladle|fridge|CapableOf|be held in your hand
gown|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
spider|squirrel|IsA|insect
cello|trombone|HasA|strings
pencil|knife|UsedFor|writing
orange|beans|IsA|fruit
wheel|yacht|CapableOf|hold more than one person
dishwasher|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
chandelier|clock|CapableOf|generate light
chapel|tent|IsA|permanent structure
hare|raccoon|IsA|herbivore
worker|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
arm|shoulder|MadeOf|a whole body part
magazine|tape|MadeOf|paper
buggy|tank|HasA|wheels
foot|hair|CapableOf|help you walk
ship|boat|CapableOf|transport ships
brother|cousin|IsA|direct relation
camel|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
banjo|flute|PartOf|strings
raccoon|porcupine|HasProperty|originated from north america
doctor|man|HasProperty|a profession
comb|screwdriver|UsedFor|hair
wrist|arm|IsA|specific joint
tap|fan|IsA| kitchen appliance 
drill|pen|IsA|construction tool
blood|muscle|IsA|cancer related card
wife|doctor|IsA|family member
flute|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
radio|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
trousers|blouse|HasProperty|worn below the waist
actress|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
octopus|asparagus|HasA|legs
screwdriver|razor|IsA|construction tool
orange|raspberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
mouth|lips|UsedFor|eating
kettle|colander|IsA|appliance
deer|skunk|HasA|horn
rope|tap|UsedFor|a vehicle
squirrel|mink|AtLocation|on  a tree
ankle|bone|IsA|organ
brush|spatula|AtLocation|construction site
radio|plug|CapableOf|be turned on
bedroom|door|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
wife|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
bone|nail|AtLocation|on your head
bathroom|leg|PartOf|room
fingers|knees|PartOf|upper body
bed|kettle|HasProperty|in the bedroom
buggy|skateboard|CapableOf|carry multiple people
rope|rocker|UsedFor|a vehicle
catfish|salmon|IsA|name begging with c
doctor|girl|IsA|profession
gown|coat|AtLocation|over your knees
shoulder|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
bathroom|finger|IsA|part of a building
trumpet|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
raccoon|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
elbow|neck|UsedFor|waving
goat|onions|HasProperty|furry
squirrel|flea|HasProperty|four-legged
beaver|skunk|IsA|herbivore
microwave|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
hose|rocket|CapableOf|store or transport water
vulture|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
doctor|boy|IsA|professional
father|aunt|HasProperty|royalty
elk|camel|HasA|antler
pistol|drill|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
sauce|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
rope|grenade|UsedFor|harm
moth|cat|CapableOf|flying
chisel|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
pelican|duck|HasA|long beak
blood|nail|AtLocation|on your head
finger|walls|PartOf|body
scooter|canoe|MadeOf|metal
plug|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
tongue|brow|HasProperty|about mouth
pony|frog|AtLocation|jungle
blender|colander|HasProperty|consuming electricity
crab|zebra|IsA|water animal
cougar|bison|AtLocation|in hot climates 
violin|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
wall|bed|UsedFor|lighting
vulture|owl|HasA|large wingspan
tiger|donkey|HasA|fur
ceiling|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head in general
gown|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
pear|banana|HasA|edible skin (usually)
pen|stick|UsedFor|writing/drawing
fridge|spoon|HasProperty|electrically powered
toe|eye|IsA|organ
clamp|tape|MadeOf|metal/steel
butterfly|cockroach|HasA|wings
turtle|wasp|HasProperty|four-legged
garlic|lime|HasA|eatable shell or peel
plug|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
toaster|dishwasher|UsedFor|heating items up
eagle|kite|IsA|alive 
bar|finger|IsA|part of a building
camel|dog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
squirrel|worm|PartOf|water
broccoli|beans|HasA|any green on it 
mother|actress|HasA|blood relation with you
grapefruit|plum|HasProperty|a yellow fruit
paintbrush|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
toe|thigh|PartOf|an appendage
flute|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
ship|airplane|AtLocation|on water
girlfriend|boy|IsA|female (strictly)
chicken|potato|IsA|n animal
ankle|muscle|HasA|bones
prune|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
building|cabin|HasA|start with a b
oven|tray|UsedFor|heating items up
boat|bike|UsedFor|water
cranberry|avocado|IsA|fruit
fridge|ladle|IsA|appliance
pen|drill|CapableOf|make holes 
cheetah|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
elephant|caribou|AtLocation|in hot climates 
bison|cougar|HasA|horn
leg|muscle|HasA|bones
stereo|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
apartment|cottage|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
moth|snail|IsA|insect
bison|deer|HasA|fur
guitar|flute|HasA|strings
turtle|squirrel|AtLocation|in a river 
pencil|typewriter|UsedFor|drawing or painting
socks|dress|AtLocation|on lower body
pencil|pliers|UsedFor|writing/drawing
rabbit|tomato|IsA|animal
aunt|girl|HasA|a blood relation with you
shrimp|mackerel|HasA|shell
beer|sauce|HasProperty|alcoholic
pants|clock|IsA|item of clothing
drill|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
peach|garlic|HasA|stone 
mixer|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
pipe|drill|IsA|vessel
stereo|rope|HasProperty|related with electricity
necklace|clock|HasProperty|worn on the neck
tomato|chicken|IsA|fruit or vegetable
jeans|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
skin|nail|AtLocation|on you head
fan|magazine|CapableOf|be turned on
drill|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
fridge|ladle|HasProperty|consuming electricity
saxophone|harpsichord|MadeOf|strings
wheel|skateboard|HasA|wheels
grenade|plate|CapableOf|used in war
cat|rabbit|HasProperty|carnivorous
sauce|chocolate|IsA|colour red
sheep|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
raspberry|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
man|nurse|IsA|car
raft|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
harp|piano|HasA|strings
neck|nail|IsA|limb
birch|bed|IsA|tree
deer|bison|HasA|branching antlers
hand|finger|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
oven|closet|UsedFor|making food
roof|fingers|PartOf|building
banjo|flute|MadeOf|strings
faucet|rope|UsedFor|water
sheep|deer|AtLocation|on a farm 
plug|fan|HasA|a type of metal
pistol|bolts|IsA|hand-held weapon
fridge|dishwasher|CapableOf|keep food fresh
banjo|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
rifle|bolts|CapableOf|be launched/fired
screws|wheel|UsedFor|building
steak|bean|HasProperty|mainly meat
trumpet|guitar|HasA|tube
pencil|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
toe|ankle|PartOf|upper body
cherry|lime|HasA|eatable shell or peel
hose|rope|CapableOf|transport liquids
hand|shoulder|MadeOf|a whole body part
skateboard|tank|HasA|wheels
church|chapel|AtLocation|at christian belief country
ankle|nail|AtLocation|below your waist
groundhog|alligator|IsA|mammal
shoes|skirt|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
mackerel|octopus|IsA|fish
toe|neck|AtLocation|bottom half of body
tape|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
eagle|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
roof|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head
yacht|skis|HasA|wheels
trout|crab|IsA|fish
finger|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
broccoli|olive|IsA|vegetable
seagull|parakeet|HasA|large wingspan
deer|mink|PartOf|herd
daughter|actress|PartOf|close blood relative
spade|birch|IsA|man made thing
bacon|salad|HasProperty|mainly meat
elephant|deer|UsedFor|riding
roof|room|AtLocation|above your head
plum|banana|HasA|big seed
neck|thigh|IsA|limb
eagle|woodpecker|HasA|large wing span
turtle|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
socks|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
chandelier|necklace|UsedFor|providing light
rabbit|beaver|AtLocation|underground
paintbrush|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
milk|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
bolts|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
grenade|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
boy|actress|IsA|male
avocado|grapefruit|HasA|one big hard seed
bolts|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
curtains|carpet|CapableOf|open/close
worker|girl|IsA|occupation
pipe|tank|CapableOf|transport liquids
moth|flea|HasA|wings
room|neck|IsA|part of a building
finger|knee|HasProperty|upper body
cousin|woman|IsA|male
stove|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
mole|rabbit|HasProperty|4 letters long
sister|daughter|IsA|sibling
tap|rope|HasA|a type of metal
bison|dog|UsedFor|riding
blender|colander|CapableOf|hold water
spear|willow|IsA|man made thing
crocodile|snail|IsA|reptile
razor|drill|HasA|sharp edge
cupboard|wall|CapableOf|open/close
caribou|leopard|IsA|herbivore
elbow|arm|IsA|specific joint
rocket|barrel|CapableOf|use electricity
bison|crocodile|HasA|fur
chandelier|candle|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
pipe|screws|IsA|vessel
pineapple|garlic|HasA|usually inedible skin
sheep|donkey|AtLocation|jungle
clarinet|harpsichord|IsA|wind instrument
trumpet|clarinet|IsA|brass instrument
moth|frog|HasProperty|an insect
hose|plate|CapableOf|transport liquids
blender|sink|HasProperty|electrically powered
cherry|prune|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
doctor|cousin|HasProperty|male
beaver|porcupine|CapableOf|be held 
caribou|cougar|IsA|herbivore
drill|hose|AtLocation|in a toolbox
crab|eel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
mug|pot|HasA|handle
groundhog|skunk|CapableOf|go underground
rabbit|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
plate|bolts|CapableOf|hold water
doctor|boy|IsA|profession
butterfly|spider|CapableOf|fly
elbow|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
rocker|clamp|CapableOf|be turned on
princess|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
boat|bowl|AtLocation|on water
sink|cupboard|CapableOf|hold water
duck|dove|CapableOf|be a household pet
accordion|piano|CapableOf|be held
bone|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
coconut|orange|HasA|edible skin
knife|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
trombone|violin|IsA|wind instrument
pistol|pipe|IsA|firearm
elbow|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
grenade|hose|HasProperty|made for violence
jeep|bike|HasProperty|consuming fuel
bayonet|birch|IsA|man made thing
elk|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
faucet|hose|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
kite|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
camel|elephant|AtLocation|jungle
muscle|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
mixer|tape|IsA|electronic device
cheetah|zebra|IsA|predator 
dress|clock|CapableOf|be worn
spider|snail|CapableOf|flying
grapefruit|raspberry|HasA|yellow color
dog|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
ceiling|window|AtLocation|above your head
lemon|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
raspberry|plum|PartOf|group or bunch 
hose|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
thermometer|mirror|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
bedroom|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
chandelier|necklace|MadeOf|/contain glass
freezer|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
crab|salmon|HasA|shell
banana|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
house|apartment|HasProperty|a black and white picture
fan|clamp|IsA|electric 
elbow|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
scissors|screwdriver|HasA|sharp cutting edge
bed|carpet|MadeOf|wood typically
freezer|bed|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
doctor|actress|HasProperty|male
ankle|neck|IsA|joint
faucet|magazine|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
eye|ankle|AtLocation|inside
blouse|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
knee|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
plug|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
mackerel|zebra|IsA|fish
gate|hut|IsA|component of a home
coat|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
nurse|girl|HasA|pay check
eye|nail|AtLocation|on your head
pine|broom|HasProperty|alive
socks|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
gate|cottage|HasA| 5 letters or less
ankle|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
faucet|bolts|IsA| kitchen appliance 
cello|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
squirrel|otter|AtLocation|on  a tree
perch|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
scissors|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
raccoon|hare|CapableOf|climb on tree
hose|rocket|IsA|vessel
shoes|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
accordion|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held
kettle|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
hose|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
window|deck|PartOf|house
finger|elbow|HasA|nails
bone|leg|AtLocation|inside
crayon|drill|CapableOf|make holes 
sink|bed|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
socks|trousers|UsedFor|feet
ankle|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
chandelier|scarf|UsedFor|a light source
hose|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
avocado|banana|HasA|single hard pit
fingers|room|PartOf|body
screwdriver|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
mole|deer|CapableOf|be held 
pony|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
banjo|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
cousin|nurse|IsA|family member
catfish|chicken|IsA|water animal
leg|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
coat|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
guitar|trombone|PartOf|strings
pony|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
pepper|garlic|HasA|seeds
vulture|kite|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
stereo|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
raspberry|pear|IsA|red  or orang
pineapple|garlic|HasProperty|yellow
tractor|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
hand|knees|PartOf|upper body
nurse|girl|IsA|profession
tomato|onions|IsA|fruit
broom|pine|IsA|tool
bolts|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
boat|skis|CapableOf|carry multiple people
oven|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
cheetah|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
house|barn|IsA|place to live permanently
octopus|catfish|HasA|legs
boots|dress|AtLocation|on your feet
camel|ox|UsedFor|crossing deserts
arm|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
eye|body|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
elephant|hyena|IsA|has horns
microwave|kettle|UsedFor|making food
deer|squirrel|HasA|horn
pear|plum|HasA|yellow color
mother|actress|PartOf|close blood relative
blouse|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
falcon|starling|HasA|large wing span
corn|orange|IsA|vegetable
lobster|eel|HasA|shell
bungalow|oak|UsedFor|human living
plate|rope|IsA|vessel
saxophone|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
elbow|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
floor|ceiling|PartOf|another card 
tank|wheel|CapableOf|destroy a building
pear|grapefruit|HasProperty|sweet
neck|room|PartOf|human body
wheel|gun|UsedFor|harm
tuna|chicken|IsA|fish
ceiling|floor|AtLocation|above your head
plug|rocker|IsA|electric 
raspberry|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
deer|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
cherry|plum|IsA|red  or orang
cougar|buffalo|IsA|like a cat
leg|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
falcon|duck|HasA|large wing span
woman|boy|HasProperty|a female
dishwasher|ladle|HasProperty|consuming electricity
lantern|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
chapel|inn|HasProperty|a black and white picture
dishwasher|blender|HasProperty|big
tape|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
wrist|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
shoulder|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
plug|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
cat|pony|IsA|typical pet
tuna|cod|CapableOf|come in a tin
plate|drill|CapableOf|hold water
faucet|mixer|UsedFor|dispensing water
foot|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
shotgun|tank|CapableOf|be held in a hand
rabbit|mink|CapableOf|be held 
skirt|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
cello|accordion|HasA|neck
scissors|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
harp|accordion|HasA|strings
pipe|wheel|CapableOf|hold water
lamb|potato|CapableOf|eating
lemon|onions|HasA|seeds
barrel|strainer|HasProperty|part of a car
boat|bike|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
boat|canoe|HasA|motor
toe|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
razor|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
trousers|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
rabbit|groundhog|IsA|herbivore
apartment|cottage|HasProperty|made of concrete
scarf|skirt|IsA|accessory
prince|cousin|IsA|royalty
donkey|goat|UsedFor|food products
flea|caterpillar|AtLocation|nature
rope|plug|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
ankle|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
worker|cousin|IsA|male
tuna|octopus|HasA|fins
stereo|tap|CapableOf|consume electricity
mother|girl|HasA|blood relation with you
rocker|magazine|CapableOf|be use for transportation
necklace|lamp|MadeOf|metal
mackerel|perch|IsA|fish
kettle|ladle|HasProperty|consuming electricity
kite|vulture|AtLocation|at a beach
skirt|sack|IsA|worn on the lower body
rope|plug|CapableOf|work without electricity
cod|shrimp|HasA|fins
razor|stick|UsedFor|grooming
gun|plate|UsedFor|shooting
zebra|cart|IsA|herbivore
goat|camel|AtLocation|on a farm 
faucet|bolts|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
finger|floor|IsA|body part
building|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
drill|gun|UsedFor|harm
drill|wheel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
boat|buggy|AtLocation|in water
saxophone|harp|IsA|wind instrument
stove|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
rabbit|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
stereo|rock|CapableOf|be turned on
fingers|thigh|IsA|plural
blood|body|AtLocation|on your head
tiger|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
mouth|lips|IsA|(one of five) human senses
elephant|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
girl|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
tiger|cart|CapableOf|fly
catfish|crab|IsA|fish
socks|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
shirt|wheelbarrow|IsA|item of clothing
mole|porcupine|AtLocation|underground
spade|willow|IsA|weapon 
scarf|clock|HasProperty|worn on the neck
fridge|blender|CapableOf|keep food fresh
elephant|cougar|IsA|has horns
tiger|camel|IsA|like a cat
drill|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
mole|beaver|AtLocation|underground
orange|prune|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
banana|garlic|IsA|fruit
perch|zebra|HasA|fins
donkey|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
tent|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
rabbit|frog|PartOf|jumping
scarf|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
toe|arm|UsedFor|walking
radio|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
olive|pepper|HasProperty|green
chisel|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
buggy|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
drill|razor|IsA|construction tool
blender|colander|IsA|electric powered item
neck|foot|PartOf|the upper body
bucket|saucer|HasA|handle
hand|leg|HasProperty|upper body
donkey|rabbit|UsedFor|human transport
chapel|gate|UsedFor|a place of worship
cherry|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
lemon|pineapple|IsA|citrus fruit
tap|fan|HasA|a type of metal
orange|olive|IsA|fruit
jacket|boots|HasA|sleeves
leg|neck|AtLocation|below waist
tractor|bike|HasA|an engine
mixer|wheel|IsA| kitchen appliance 
fingers|leg|IsA|plural
elk|bison|HasA|antlers/tusks
tray|wheel|HasProperty|part of a car
prince|king|IsA|male
scarf|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
sheep|pony|UsedFor|a source of milk
wrist|hand|IsA|joint
mouth|finger|UsedFor|eating
squirrel|rabbit|AtLocation|on  a tree
blood|eye|IsA|organ
cat|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
brow|mouth|PartOf|makeup regimen
radio|hose|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
pineapple|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
squirrel|raccoon|IsA|herbivore
deer|leopard|IsA|has horns
hose|stereo|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
blouse|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
rope|radio|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
rabbit|hare|AtLocation|underground
crocodile|rabbit|AtLocation|jungle
hose|rifle|IsA|vessel
tank|rope|UsedFor|shooting
buggy|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
fan|tape|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
hair|nail|AtLocation|below the knee
piano|saxophone|HasA|keyboard
cottage|gate|UsedFor|sleeping in
grapefruit|prune|HasA|peel
pony|cat|UsedFor|riding
tap|mixer|CapableOf|work without electricity
razor|pencil|CapableOf|be used for hair
cheetah|giraffe|IsA|predator 
pine|birch|IsA|christmas scent
gown|shoes|AtLocation|above the feet
thigh|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
chapel|cottage|UsedFor|religious gatherings
wasp|snail|HasProperty|typically able to fly
brush|pencil|CapableOf|be used for hair
chapel|bedroom|IsA|religious place
dress|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
chapel|house|IsA|public building (typically)
dress|shirt|AtLocation|over your knees
hand|foot|AtLocation|upper body
boat|balloon|CapableOf|float 
dress|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
church|cottage|UsedFor|a place of worship
cranberry|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
faucet|plug|UsedFor|water
ship|helicopter|CapableOf|float 
elbow|leg|AtLocation|upper body
trumpet|piano|CapableOf|be blown into
cranberry|coconut|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
sailboat|skis|AtLocation|in water
foot|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
shoulder|foot|HasProperty|upper body
arm|leg|HasProperty|upper body
bar|leg|PartOf|building
jeep|wheel|HasA|wheels
boat|scooter|AtLocation|in water
banana|plum|HasA|peel
church|hut|IsA|religious place
moth|squirrel|IsA|bug
cannon|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
shoulder|arm|IsA|joint
worker|wife|HasProperty|royalty
mother|actress|IsA|family member
tuba|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
fan|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
squirrel|mole|IsA|herbivore
nurse|girl|HasA|head
blender|sink|IsA|appliance
celery|corn|HasProperty|a green food
bed|chapel|AtLocation|at your home
cod|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
drill|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
pistol|rope|CapableOf|be launched/fired
toe|finger|HasProperty|lower body
bolts|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
necklace|candle|CapableOf|be worn
caribou|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
eye|hair|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
airplane|bowl|AtLocation|in the air
father|doctor|IsA|family member
pineapple|pear|HasProperty|yellow
girl|boy|IsA|female (strictly)
plum|avocado|HasA|(usually) edible skin
car|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
caribou|giraffe|HasA|horn
boots|skirt|UsedFor|feet
shield|cloak|UsedFor|protection
eggplant|onions|IsA|purple vegetable
mother|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
shoulder|foot|PartOf|the upper body
mixer|rock|IsA|related to music 
mixer|rope|HasProperty|related with electricity
banjo|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
actress|wife|IsA|profession/title
skirt|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
daughter|doctor|IsA|family member
spider|frog|IsA|bug
arm|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cupboard|carpet|MadeOf|wood
squirrel|hare|CapableOf|climb trees
mug|pot|CapableOf|be held to drink
girlfriend|wife|HasProperty|two syllables
grenade|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
peach|orange|HasA|single hard pit
bison|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
cockroach|turtle|CapableOf|flying
spoon|kettle|MadeOf|steel mostly
jeans|jacket|IsA|worn on the lower body
lantern|necklace|UsedFor|light
hose|screws|IsA|vessel
caterpillar|frog|HasProperty|an insect
boat|ship|IsA|small vessel 
woman|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
cannon|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
wasp|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
spider|turtle|IsA|bug
broom|bed|IsA|tool
dress|jeans|UsedFor|by mainly women
hose|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
peach|raspberry|HasA|stone 
rifle|rocket|CapableOf|be held in a hand
tiger|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
nurse|boy|IsA|occupation
lantern|scarf|HasProperty|makes light
avocado|plum|HasProperty|yellow
chandelier|lamp|MadeOf|metal
fridge|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
ceiling|finger|PartOf|building
cupboard|carpet|CapableOf|open/close
screwdriver|crayon|CapableOf|be used for drawing
fawn|beaver|HasA|hooves
horse|sheep|UsedFor|riding
deer|beaver|HasA|horn
beaver|elk|IsA|herbivore
cupboard|door|UsedFor|storing objects or clothes
mixer|bolts|CapableOf|be turned on
rifle|cannon|IsA|firearm
prune|plum|PartOf|group or bunch 
cathedral|cottage|IsA|religion buildings
flute|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
hare|groundhog|HasA|long ears
squid|asparagus|HasA|legs
hyena|gorilla|IsA|like a cat
pen|knife|UsedFor|writing
razor|knife|UsedFor|grooming
hose|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
cheese|lemon|HasA|eatable shell or peel
beetle|worm|HasProperty|an insect
falcon|stork|HasA|large wing span
radio|fan|CapableOf|produce sound (directly or cabled)
bucket|tray|HasA|handle
lamp|thermometer|IsA|source of light
knees|leg|IsA|plural
hare|mink|HasA|long ears
pineapple|coconut|HasProperty|mostly yellow
bolts|hose|UsedFor|building
radio|fan|CapableOf|make or play music
neck|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
gown|socks|HasA|sleeves
avocado|onions|HasA|any green on it 
skunk|metal|IsA|fragile
hawk|stork|HasA|large wing span
toaster|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
goat|elephant|HasA|hooves
cranberry|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
rifle|plate|IsA|firearm
tuba|harp|IsA|wind instrument
donkey|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
gun|rocket|HasA|finger trigger
rifle|rocket|UsedFor|bullets
rifle|rope|IsA|firearm
crocodile|elephant|HasProperty|eat meat
neck|leg|AtLocation|upper body
violin|saxophone|HasA|strings
cougar|gorilla|IsA|like a cat
screwdriver|knife|IsA|construction tool
chisel|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
gown|blouse|UsedFor|covering legs
barn|tent|IsA|permanent structure
whisky|sauce|HasProperty|alcoholic
harpsichord|tuba|UsedFor|sound
duck|goat|HasA|wings
mackerel|shrimp|HasA|fins
duck|pigeon|AtLocation|at a beach
cousin|girlfriend|IsA|family member
banjo|tuba|HasA|strings
liquor|soup|IsA|liquid
lobster|tuna|HasA|shell
paintbrush|chisel|UsedFor|writing
tower|room|AtLocation|on the outside of building
finger|toe|HasProperty|upper body
elk|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
sheep|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
tray|tank|AtLocation|at home
son|cousin|IsA|child
worker|girl|IsA|profession
crocodile|iguana|CapableOf|go under underwater
wheel|canoe|HasA|wheels
hair|ankle|IsA|limb
bag|sack|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
bacon|bean|HasProperty|mainly meat
brush|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for hair
shoulder|leg|AtLocation|upper body
sheep|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
leg|finger|PartOf|lower body
hand|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
actress|mother|IsA|job or profession
seagull|falcon|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
finger|forearm|HasA|more than one joint
tractor|scooter|HasA|an engine
brush|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
cat|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
skis|bike|UsedFor|snow
gorilla|camel|IsA|predator 
fawn|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
elephant|hyena|UsedFor|travel
trout|octopus|IsA|fish
raspberry|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
skirt|shirt|HasProperty|worn below the waist
ceiling|hand|PartOf|house
room|ceiling|HasProperty|an enclosed space
microwave|blender|UsedFor|cooking food
faucet|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
actress|woman|HasA|the color brown in it
tank|strainer|CapableOf|destroy a building
ant|caterpillar|IsA|crustecean
church|inn|IsA|religious place
tank|plate|CapableOf|destroy a building
spade|bed|IsA|tool
fingers|neck|IsA|plural
guitar|clarinet|MadeOf|strings
frog|spider|CapableOf|jump
floor|window|AtLocation|at ground level
prince|cousin|IsA|male
eye|nail|HasA|bones
catfish|zebra|HasA|fins
meat|chocolate|MadeOf|several ingredients
catfish|eel|AtLocation|in sea
guitar|piano|HasA|strings
buggy|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
car|sailboat|HasA|wheels
thigh|hand|AtLocation|below waist
worker|boy|HasProperty|a profession
bison|deer|HasProperty|fluffy
daughter|wife|HasProperty|two syllables
scissors|pencil|HasA|sharp cutting edge
daughter|aunt|HasProperty|two syllables
mixer|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
chocolate|salad|MadeOf|cup
glass|wood|IsA|fragile
faucet|tape|UsedFor|dispensing water
cello|harpsichord|CapableOf|easily carried around
wheel|buggy|HasA|two rows of seats
walls|fingers|PartOf|room
frog|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
onions|beans|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
fridge|colander|HasA|electrical parts
elephant|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
chandelier|tray|CapableOf|generate light
raft|sailboat|HasProperty|colored red
room|hand|PartOf|building
raspberry|banana|IsA|berry
wheel|yacht|HasA|wheels
orange|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
girl|aunt|UsedFor|transportation
shoulder|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
wrist|toe|HasProperty|upper body
knees|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
kidney|arm|IsA|limb
finger|mouth|AtLocation|below mouth
boat|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
trombone|harp|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
avocado|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
inn|gate|HasA|roof
stereo|hose|HasProperty|related with electricity
ankle|hair|CapableOf|help you walk
potato|goat|IsA|fruit or vegetable
plum|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin (usually)
finger|bathroom|IsA|body part
barrel|tank|HasProperty|part of a car
radio|rope|CapableOf|consume electricity
finger|floor|PartOf|human body
pistol|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
gun|rope|UsedFor|shooting
banana|prune|HasA|yellow color
skin|liver|AtLocation|on your head
camel|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
plate|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
orange|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
rocker|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
clamp|wheel|MadeOf|steel mainly
crayon|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
corn|beans|HasProperty|yellow or orange
tap|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
alligator|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
arm|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
coat|trousers|HasA|sleeves
rabbit|elk|IsA|herbivore
cougar|elk|IsA|violent creature
wheel|plug|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
tank|bike|HasProperty|consuming fuel
kettle|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
clarinet|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
boat|bowl|UsedFor|transportation in water
hand|window|PartOf|body
candle|tray|UsedFor|lighting
knife|brush|HasA|sharp edge
pony|cat|UsedFor|human transport
hut|church|HasProperty|a black and white picture
prune|coconut|HasA|single hard pit
finger|knee|AtLocation|upper body
airplane|helicopter|HasA|wings
brush|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
milk|soup|IsA|diary food
guitar|trumpet|PartOf|strings
harmonica|harp|IsA|wind instrument
cow|rabbit|UsedFor|a source of milk
stereo|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
rock|wheel|CapableOf|make sound
squid|catfish|IsA|mollusk
boy|actress|IsA|person
dog|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
ankle|hand|IsA|joint
peach|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
vulture|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
screwdriver|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
woman|nurse|IsA|female (strictly)
dishwasher|kettle|UsedFor|washing dishes
hand|neck|HasA|nails
building|tent|HasProperty|made of concrete
leopard|buffalo|IsA|type of big cat
bison|tiger|HasA|big horns/tusk
bed|door|CapableOf|be used to sleep
tractor|boat|HasA|wheels
radio|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
mixer|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
boots|jacket|AtLocation|on your feet
room|bar|PartOf|house
cheetah|gorilla|IsA|type of cat
coyote|rabbit|IsA|predator
man|aunt|IsA|male
rocket|gun|UsedFor|harm
banjo|bagpipe|HasA|strings
beans|cherry|IsA|vegetable
finger|tower|PartOf|human body
father|cousin|HasProperty|male
gorilla|deer|IsA|predator 
rifle|pipe|CapableOf|used in war
shoulder|forearm|IsA|joint
chandelier|tray|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
sister|cousin|IsA|direct relation
window|arm|IsA|part of a building
hose|faucet|HasA|string or line
rabbit|raccoon|IsA|animal with long ears
avocado|coconut|HasProperty|green
fingers|knee|MadeOf|upper body parts
alligator|groundhog|HasProperty|living in water
rifle|rocket|IsA|weapon
cod|zebra|IsA|water animal
hand|finger|MadeOf|a whole body part
pony|camel|HasA|hooves
chisel|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
strawberry|banana|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
ankle|finger|HasProperty|lower body
drill|pencil|IsA|construction tool
bolts|pistol|UsedFor|harm
clarinet|guitar|HasA|tube
milk|sandwich|IsA|diary food
cannon|bolts|CapableOf|used in war
trombone|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
elephant|turtle|HasA|four feet
kettle|spoon|IsA|cylinder
aunt|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
buggy|bike|HasProperty|consuming fuel
wrist|neck|HasProperty|something humans have two of
aunt|girl|IsA|family member
shoulder|ankle|IsA|limb
elephant|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
elk|alligator|IsA|mammal
knees|forearm|IsA|plural
blouse|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
fan|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
pliers|typewriter|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
trousers|boots|HasProperty|covering the legs
pipe|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
princess|cousin|IsA|profession
eagle|stork|HasProperty|a predator
cougar|bison|CapableOf|hunt for prey
catfish|chicken|HasA|fins
perch|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
deck|bar|PartOf|room
lamp|cigarette|MadeOf|/contain glass
floor|tower|PartOf|a house
floor|roof|PartOf|another card 
actress|nurse|HasProperty|two syllables
blouse|sack|HasA|sleeves
skunk|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
stereo|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
eggplant|avocado|UsedFor|meat replacement
rabbit|onions|IsA|meat or animal
broccoli|corn|HasA|any green on it 
cousin|actress|IsA|family member
oven|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
plate|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
grenade|rope|IsA|vessel
rocket|bolts|CapableOf|be launched/fired
shirt|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
tuna|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
candle|mirror|CapableOf|give off light/glow
duck|hawk|AtLocation|at a beach
squirrel|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
oven|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
salmon|perch|IsA|fish
roof|room|AtLocation|outside of a home
trousers|dress|IsA|worn on the lower body
squirrel|mink|HasA|big ears
fingers|forearm|HasA|more than one joint
bungalow|cottage|HasProperty|for the rich
boat|canoe|HasA|an engine
grenade|hose|IsA|hand-held weapon
bone|toe|AtLocation|on your head
brother|uncle|IsA|direct relation with you
liver|leg|IsA|limb
rope|faucet|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
apartment|cabin|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
broccoli|avocado|IsA|vegetable
moth|frog|IsA|bug
aunt|girl|HasA|blood relationship with you
sofa|door|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
elk|groundhog|PartOf|herd
dog|donkey|HasA|paws
fridge|ladle|CapableOf|make things cold
kidney|leg|AtLocation|inside
bayonet|willow|IsA|weapon
porcupine|groundhog|IsA|rodent
carpet|wall|CapableOf|fly in aladdin
hand|floor|PartOf|human body
leg|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
hose|pipe|HasProperty|flexible
nurse|boy|IsA|profession
elephant|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
kite|duck|HasA|large wingspan
peach|avocado|IsA|fruit
barrel|pipe|HasProperty|part of a car
horse|rabbit|UsedFor|riding
jeans|dress|CapableOf|keep legs warm
rabbit|squirrel|IsA|common pet
gun|tank|CapableOf|blow things up
squirrel|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
tap|rocker|CapableOf|provide water
elephant|iguana|HasA|four feet
butterfly|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
steak|potatoes|IsA|meat
drill|gun|UsedFor|daily usage 
leg|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
bag|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
ant|frog|PartOf|water
toe|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
spatula|stick|UsedFor|cooking
donkey|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
shrimp|asparagus|HasA|legs
fingers|bathroom|PartOf|body
boy|girlfriend|IsA|male
elk|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
trousers|wheelbarrow|IsA|worn on the lower body
typewriter|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing
piano|guitar|HasA|keyboard
cranberry|banana|IsA|berry
eye|nail|AtLocation|on you head
crayon|drill|CapableOf|writing
lips|throat|PartOf|face
tractor|wheel|HasA|wheels
bed|cottage|PartOf|set of furniture
guitar|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
hare|squirrel|IsA|animal with long ears
knife|typewriter|HasA|sharp edge
banana|orange|IsA|fruit
elbow|foot|MadeOf|upper body parts
tape|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
tank|screws|CapableOf|destroy a building
cranberry|garlic|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
tray|tank|HasProperty|part of a car
inn|tent|HasProperty|made of concrete
stereo|tap|HasA|string or line
shoulder|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
truck|bike|HasA|more than two wheels
ship|helicopter|CapableOf|transport ships
shirt|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
stereo|tap|IsA|digital device
foot|nail|AtLocation|below the knee
snail|squirrel|IsA|insect
trombone|guitar|IsA|brass instrument
sister|cousin|HasA|multiple people pictured
princess|mother|IsA|profession
boat|skis|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
father|cousin|IsA|direct relation
elbow|forearm|HasProperty|bendable
hand|room|PartOf|human body
raccoon|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
bolts|fan|MadeOf|metal/steel
toe|body|AtLocation|below your waist
grapefruit|plum|IsA|red  or orang
deer|coyote|PartOf|herd
sink|toaster|CapableOf|hold water
cannon|rifle|CapableOf|shoot big metal ball
ceiling|leg|PartOf|house
wine|potatoes|IsA|liquid
orange|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
shoes|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
tuba|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
fingers|window|IsA|body part
fingers|knees|PartOf|the upper body
tape|rock|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
lime|garlic|HasProperty|green
gun|pipe|IsA|hand-held weapon
deer|zebra|HasA|antlers or tusks
cherry|raspberry|HasA|stone 
tap|fan|AtLocation|kitchen
gown|skirt|HasProperty|a long clothing item
guitar|clarinet|PartOf|strings
bungalow|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
skateboard|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
saxophone|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
foot|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
avocado|beans|HasA|any green on it 
wheel|plug|MadeOf|metal/steel
leg|skin|HasA|bones
faucet|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
pepper|coconut|HasA|seeds
cello|guitar|HasProperty|played with a bow
spoon|sink|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
cherry|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
curtains|wall|CapableOf|open/close
cathedral|cottage|IsA|public building (typically)
bone|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
barrel|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
falcon|hawk|PartOf|wild life
ant|cat|HasProperty|an insect
coat|shoes|HasA|sleeves
toe|hand|PartOf|lower body
bone|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
piano|flute|MadeOf|strings
hand|room|IsA|body part
ant|snail|IsA|insect
jeep|tank|HasA|wheels
hyena|buffalo|IsA|predator 
hand|elbow|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
raspberry|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
mink|glass|CapableOf|burn
sheep|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
potato|rabbit|IsA|fruit or vegetable
violin|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
fingers|forearm|IsA|plural
toaster|sink|CapableOf|be plugged in
beans|lime|IsA|vegetable
banjo|harmonica|HasA|strings
knife|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
fingers|foot|AtLocation|upper body
fingers|finger|UsedFor|waving
elk|giraffe|HasA|horn
gate|inn|AtLocation|at your home
blender|ladle|HasProperty|consuming electricity
deer|giraffe|HasA|antlers/tusks
foot|hair|AtLocation|below your waist
blouse|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
pipe|wheel|CapableOf|contain water
leg|hand|HasProperty|lower body
cougar|camel|HasA|thick body
lemon|beans|HasA|seeds
hose|rope|CapableOf|contain water
knees|toe|IsA|joint
butterfly|snail|HasProperty|an insect
scissors|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
peach|pear|IsA|red  or orang
skirt|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
finger|knees|PartOf|the upper body
socks|bag|IsA|piece of clothing
pistol|rocket|IsA|firearm
stereo|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
elk|porcupine|PartOf|herd
elbow|knee|PartOf|the upper body
foot|elbow|PartOf|lower body
chapel|bridge|UsedFor|religious gathering
onions|cherry|IsA|vegetable
saucer|tray|MadeOf|ceramic materials
man|mother|HasProperty|male
clamp|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
deer|bison|IsA|teeth
bedroom|cabin|HasA|start with a b
finger|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
aunt|wife|IsA|immediate relation with you
parakeet|dove|CapableOf|be a household pet
nail|bone|IsA|organ
mixer|tape|CapableOf|make sound
shoulder|hand|IsA|specific joint
kidney|elbow|IsA|limb
nurse|princess|IsA|profession
door|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
necklace|lantern|AtLocation|neck
deer|mink|HasA|hooves
elbow|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
stereo|rocker|AtLocation|at an electronics store
lamp|mirror|HasProperty|makes light
hose|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
car|bike|HasA|an engine
owl|dove|HasProperty|a predator
mixer|plug|IsA|related to music 
girl|man|HasProperty|female
knee|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
oven|dishwasher|UsedFor|heating items up
alligator|rattlesnake|CapableOf|go under underwater
uncle|king|IsA|male
boots|jacket|PartOf|pair
elbow|finger|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
deer|hyena|HasA|horn or antler
gun|grenade|IsA|firearm
toilet|closet|CapableOf|be plumbed in
hand|knee|AtLocation|upper body
kettle|sink|CapableOf|be held in your hand
knife|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
flea|frog|PartOf|water
raspberry|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
microwave|fridge|UsedFor|heating items up
tuna|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
cat|frog|HasProperty|furry
pear|avocado|HasProperty|yellow
kettle|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
cat|mouse|HasA|tail
tank|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
cannon|rope|CapableOf|be launched/fired
boots|dress|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
rifle|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
elk|ox|UsedFor|travel
bedroom|hut|IsA|place to live permanently
meat|sugar|MadeOf|several ingredients
roof|tower|AtLocation|above your head
doctor|wife|HasProperty|male
pony|sheep|UsedFor|riding
hair|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
stereo|magazine|UsedFor|listening to music
mink|mole|HasA|long tail
elephant|camel|HasA|trunk
jacket|umbrella|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
coat|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
paintbrush|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
snail|cat|MadeOf|small animals
blood|liver|HasProperty|liquid
cousin|girlfriend|IsA|male
jacket|boots|AtLocation|on your upper torso
alligator|deer|HasProperty|living in water
daughter|man|HasProperty|female
dress|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
fan|tape|UsedFor|electronic uses
caterpillar|turtle|IsA|bug
clamp|wheel|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
cranberry|avocado|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
rocker|tape|UsedFor|music related entertainment
tractor|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
helicopter|boat|AtLocation|in the air
salmon|asparagus|HasA|fins
jeep|truck|HasA|two rows of seats
kidney|elbow|AtLocation|in the torso
mixer|faucet|IsA|related to music 
bed|hut|AtLocation|at your home
alligator|elk|CapableOf|live in water
floor|window|CapableOf|be shattered 
banjo|clarinet|PartOf|strings
ankle|hand|AtLocation|below waist
wrist|leg|IsA|joint
yacht|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
buzzard|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
raft|sled|AtLocation|in water
bag|shirt|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
socks|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
guitar|harmonica|HasA|strings
finger|foot|PartOf|the upper body
ant|rattlesnake|PartOf|water
leg|arm|HasProperty|below the waist 
donkey|dog|UsedFor|riding
lamp|scarf|MadeOf|/contain glass
hare|coyote|HasA|long ears
princess|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
harp|trumpet|HasA|strings
clamp|rope|HasA|a type of metal
chapel|cottage|IsA|religion buildings
thigh|neck|AtLocation|below waist
deer|hare|PartOf|herd
stove|tray|UsedFor|making food
floor|hand|PartOf|house
mother|actress|IsA|direct or immediate relation
eagle|dove|HasProperty|a predator
bed|barn|IsA|component of a home
elk|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
hose|bolts|IsA|vessel
squirrel|spider|HasA|tail
paintbrush|knife|CapableOf|make holes 
tank|rocket|IsA|vessel
window|floor|HasA|glass
foot|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
beans|celery|UsedFor|meat replacement
hand|roof|IsA|body part
blender|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
tap|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
cupboard|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
strawberry|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
pineapple|garlic|IsA|fruit
donkey|camel|HasA|hooves
grenade|rope|CapableOf|used in war
tent|inn|AtLocation|at your home
muscle|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
daughter|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
jet|saucer|CapableOf|be found on water
moth|turtle|IsA|bug
hose|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
spider|cat|IsA|insect
neck|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
perch|lobster|HasA|fins
broccoli|onions|HasA|any green on it 
deer|bison|HasA|antlers/tusks
leopard|crocodile|IsA|type of cat
coat|candle|CapableOf|be worn
gun|barrel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
muscle|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
pony|deer|UsedFor|a mode of transport
worker|actress|IsA|person
duck|kite|HasProperty|domesticated
pliers|pencil|IsA|construction tool
thigh|fingers|PartOf|lower body
dog|sheep|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
harmonica|violin|IsA|wind instrument
bolts|wheel|UsedFor|building
doctor|actress|IsA|male
chisel|stick|HasA|sharp edge
floor|bathroom|PartOf|room
ankle|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
jacket|wheelbarrow|IsA|item of clothing
squirrel|rabbit|AtLocation|on tree
pony|bison|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
donkey|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
liver|toe|IsA|limb
pants|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
cathedral|inn|IsA|religion buildings
milk|chocolate|IsA|diary food
canoe|yacht|HasProperty|colored red
pants|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
garlic|celery|IsA|purple vegetable
woman|man|HasA|color
chicken|potato|IsA|meat or animal
trumpet|trombone|HasA|3 buttons exactly
pen|stick|AtLocation|construction site
crayon|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
boots|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
roof|fingers|PartOf|house
horse|crocodile|IsA|herbivore
trumpet|piano|UsedFor|blowing
tank|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
bayonet|willow|IsA|man made thing
ankle|fingers|PartOf|lower body
gorilla|elephant|IsA|predator 
cougar|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
deck|tower|UsedFor|working with computer
plum|grapefruit|IsA|word beginning with p
hand|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
ox|camel|HasA|horns 
chandelier|cigarette|UsedFor|a light source
pineapple|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
knee|arm|HasProperty|lower body
donkey|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
knife|drill|HasA|sharp edge
elk|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
scissors|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
girl|boy|HasA|color
deck|bathroom|UsedFor|working with computer
alligator|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
crab|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
muscle|body|AtLocation|on your head
worm|cat|IsA|insect
pipe|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
pen|paintbrush|UsedFor|cutting
tank|rifle|UsedFor|firing artillery
pipe|gun|IsA|vessel
elephant|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
fan|tape|IsA|electric 
boy|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
frog|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
knee|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
onions|corn|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
zebra|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
scissors|spatula|HasA|sharp edge
neck|knee|HasProperty|upper body
deck|tower|PartOf|room
frog|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
gown|sack|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
wrist|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
plug|rocker|UsedFor|electronic uses
elbow|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
faucet|tape|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
dishwasher|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
toe|elbow|AtLocation|bottom half of body
harp|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
sheep|goat|IsA|teeth
forearm|knees|PartOf|upper body
squirrel|mole|AtLocation|water usually
tape|faucet|UsedFor|a vehicle
ankle|wrist|PartOf|the lower body
tape|stereo|CapableOf|work without electricity
eel|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
pants|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
elk|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
meal|supper|HasProperty|meaty
octopus|perch|HasA|legs
worm|squirrel|HasProperty|an insect
typewriter|screwdriver|CapableOf|writing
jeans|boots|AtLocation|above the feet
rifle|grenade|HasA|finger trigger
throat|nose|AtLocation|below mouth
dress|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
rocker|rope|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
pistol|rocket|IsA|hand-held weapon
steak|soup|IsA|meat
saxophone|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
tractor|tank|UsedFor|farming
clamp|rock|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
butter|soup|UsedFor|drinking
brother|king|IsA|direct relation
cat|camel|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
stereo|rock|IsA|digital device
dress|coat|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
radio|bolts|CapableOf|make sound
worm|ant|HasA|no legs
skirt|jacket|IsA|typically female clothing item
bedroom|carpet|CapableOf|open/close
ankle|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
blood|neck|AtLocation|inside
trout|lobster|HasA|fins
rabbit|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
elbow|hand|IsA|joint
girl|man|CapableOf|become pregnant 
ox|elk|HasA|thick body
zebra|shrimp|IsA|black and white
rattlesnake|iguana|HasProperty|poisonous
jeep|skateboard|HasA|wheels
cucumber|broccoli|IsA|fruit
violin|flute|MadeOf|strings
salmon|lobster|IsA|fish
freezer|kettle|UsedFor|storing food 
comb|knife|CapableOf|be used for hair
neck|leg|IsA|upper body part
bag|coat|IsA|an accessory
blender|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
muscle|bone|IsA|limb
goat|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
blouse|tray|IsA|item of clothing
liquor|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
sandwich|meal|HasProperty|two syllables
catfish|asparagus|HasA|fins
rabbit|mink|IsA|animal with long ears
dog|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
throat|mouth|AtLocation|below mouth
bison|sheep|UsedFor|riding
pony|bison|UsedFor|human transport
fawn|porcupine|HasA|hooves
room|tower|PartOf|another card 
brush|typewriter|UsedFor|hair
tank|wheel|HasProperty|consuming fuel
rabbit|camel|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
pants|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
girlfriend|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
screwdriver|stick|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
lantern|thermometer|IsA|source of light
stereo|magazine|IsA|electric 
alligator|mink|CapableOf|live in water
wine|soup|IsA|liquid
fridge|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
bolts|grenade|UsedFor|harm
radio|tap|UsedFor|music related entertainment
elk|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
caterpillar|turtle|IsA|insect
meal|soup|HasA|vegetable(s)
leg|kidney|HasA|bones
plum|raspberry|HasA|stone inside
mackerel|eel|IsA|fish
scissors|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
sofa|door|CapableOf|be sat on
jeep|skis|MadeOf|metal
flea|snail|PartOf|water
cat|donkey|HasA|fur
aunt|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
sandwich|supper|HasA|vegetable(s)
boat|airplane|AtLocation|on water
kettle|closet|AtLocation|on a countertop
pen|drill|CapableOf|writing
steak|salad|HasProperty|meaty
beetle|turtle|IsA|bug
cherry|grapefruit|HasA|(usually) edible skin
elk|elephant|HasA|antlers
girlfriend|girl|HasProperty|two syllables
neck|ceiling|PartOf|human body
tower|walls|HasA|diagram on it
man|princess|IsA|car
father|man|HasProperty|a blood relative
avocado|prune|HasA|peel
saucer|bucket|AtLocation|in the kitchen
drill|stick|AtLocation|construction site
clamp|plug|MadeOf|metal/steel
ant|caterpillar|HasProperty|an insect
typewriter|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
faucet|magazine|MadeOf|metal/steel
scissors|screwdriver|HasA|sharp edge
dress|jacket|CapableOf|cover your full body
cheetah|camel|IsA|type of cat
rifle|barrel|HasProperty|made for violence
fridge|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
church|inn|UsedFor|religious gatherings
dress|skirt|AtLocation|upper part of body
frog|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
screws|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
crocodile|squirrel|CapableOf|be found in the water
tiger|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
trombone|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
stereo|wheel|CapableOf|be turned on
chisel|comb|HasA|sharp cutting edge
rifle|grenade|HasProperty|longer than one foot
cheetah|giraffe|IsA|like a cat
elephant|horse|HasA|trunk
tap|wheel|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
eagle|owl|HasA|large wingspan
hose|stereo|CapableOf|work without electricity
tomato|corn|HasA|seeds
room|arm|IsA|part of a building
rattlesnake|groundhog|CapableOf|hunt other animals
mixer|rock|UsedFor|listening to music
barrel|screws|HasProperty|part of a car
toaster|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
leg|floor|PartOf|body
scarf|necklace|IsA|item of clothing
aunt|actress|HasA|a blood relation with you
wrist|knee|PartOf|upper body
comb|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
kettle|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
mink|raccoon|UsedFor|swimming
daughter|father|CapableOf|become pregnant 
bed|tray|CapableOf|can you sit on it
groundhog|mink|CapableOf|be held 
trout|eel|IsA|fish
boy|woman|HasA|the color brown in it
aunt|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
pistol|drill|CapableOf|used in war
toaster|cupboard|UsedFor|heating items up
necklace|lantern|AtLocation|on neck
gun|cannon|HasA|trigger
blouse|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
plate|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
boots|bag|AtLocation|on lower body
gun|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
wheelbarrow|jacket|IsA|an accessory
boat|saucer|AtLocation|on water
radio|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
bedroom|wall|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
bedroom|wall|MadeOf|wood typically
dress|boots|AtLocation|above the feet
dishwasher|colander|HasProperty|using electricity
crocodile|goat|HasProperty|carnivorous
cod|mackerel|IsA|one syllable word
inn|cabin|HasProperty|typically a rentable location
hawk|duck|CapableOf|attack others
crayon|razor|CapableOf|writing
bolts|pipe|AtLocation|in a toolbox
harp|saxophone|HasA|strings
barn|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
radio|bolts|IsA|related to music 
gown|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
muscle|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
bathroom|hand|PartOf|house
forearm|foot|HasProperty|upper body
harmonica|tuba|UsedFor|sound
scissors|spatula|UsedFor|crafts
fawn|skunk|HasA|hooves
ankle|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
blender|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
paintbrush|scissors|UsedFor|painting
toe|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cat|cow|IsA|typical pet
cod|asparagus|IsA|fish
shoes|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
prune|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
raft|yacht|HasProperty|colored red
pliers|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cow|goat|IsA|teeth
avocado|garlic|HasProperty|green (most part)
chicken|shrimp|AtLocation|on a farm
banana|avocado|UsedFor|smoothies
avocado|prune|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
sheep|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
donkey|cow|UsedFor|food products
clamp|plug|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
rifle|rocket|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
spider|frog|CapableOf|flying
radio|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
rifle|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
bolts|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
raft|tractor|AtLocation|in water
rabbit|mole|IsA|herbivore
hand|fingers|HasProperty|part of a pair
skirt|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
thigh|toe|HasProperty|a large part
deer|groundhog|PartOf|herd
elephant|alligator|HasA|four feet
toe|hair|AtLocation|below your waist
lamp|clock|CapableOf|generate light
hose|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
clarinet|violin|IsA|wind instrument
cod|perch|IsA|fish
crayon|brush|UsedFor|writing
hyena|crocodile|IsA|type of cat
paintbrush|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
forearm|finger|UsedFor|waving
paintbrush|scissors|CapableOf|writing
drill|tank|UsedFor|harm
bedroom|house|HasA|start with a b
truck|skis|HasA|an engine
squirrel|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
paintbrush|stick|AtLocation|construction site
elk|giraffe|HasA|antlers/tusks
iguana|squirrel|IsA|reptile
bolts|tape|MadeOf|metal/steel
whisky|bacon|IsA|liquid
brush|scissors|UsedFor|painting
mink|skunk|HasProperty|living in water
plate|cannon|UsedFor|harm
rabbit|skunk|HasA|long ear
truck|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
floor|room|PartOf|room
wine|soup|HasProperty|alcoholic
daughter|cousin|HasA|a blood relation with you
blouse|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
sauce|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
plum|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
alligator|hare|HasProperty|living in water
truck|skateboard|CapableOf|hold more than one person
harmonica|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
blender|toaster|CapableOf|hold water
microwave|door|UsedFor|making food
chisel|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cello|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
worm|caterpillar|AtLocation|nature
hair|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
mackerel|octopus|HasA|fins
toe|finger|PartOf|lower body
bucket|spoon|IsA|cylinder
fingers|arm|HasA|nails
window|walls|UsedFor|supporting a building 
toe|finger|AtLocation|below the waist 
gun|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
daughter|aunt|PartOf|close blood relative
bolts|rock|UsedFor|a vehicle
tiger|giraffe|CapableOf|fly
skateboard|sailboat|CapableOf|roll
building|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
pear|garlic|IsA|fruit
actress|man|IsA|job or profession
eagle|owl|HasA|large wing span
foot|eye|AtLocation|below your waist
rifle|tank|CapableOf|be held in a hand
trumpet|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
truck|sailboat|HasA|an engine
harmonica|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
banjo|flute|CapableOf|easily carried around
cannon|hose|UsedFor|shooting
pigeon|pelican|HasProperty|domesticated
pliers|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
peach|grapefruit|HasA|single hard pit
dishwasher|spoon|IsA|appliance
pineapple|strawberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
harp|piano|CapableOf|be held in hand
fridge|bed|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
cathedral|bridge|IsA|religion buildings
shirt|jeans|HasA|sleeves
inn|cathedral|HasA|own altar
blood|hair|AtLocation|inside
flea|cat|IsA|bug
boots|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
blender|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
dishwasher|kettle|IsA|larger than a child
actress|father|IsA|profession
car|bike|CapableOf|hold more than one person
trumpet|clarinet|HasA|start with a t
cat|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
owl|kite|HasProperty|a predator
building|tent|IsA|permanent structure
trousers|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
ceiling|fingers|PartOf|room
tape|magazine|UsedFor|a vehicle
salad|steak|HasA|vegetable(s)
avocado|raspberry|HasA|stone 
lamp|scarf|CapableOf|give off light/glow
cranberry|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
crocodile|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
bolts|rock|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
knees|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
ladle|blender|CapableOf|scoop things
thigh|neck|UsedFor|walking
shotgun|cannon|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
gun|rope|CapableOf|used in war
stork|owl|HasA|large wingspan
alligator|coyote|CapableOf|hunt other animals
deer|camel|HasA|horn or antler
squid|mackerel|IsA|mollusk
snail|ant|MadeOf|small animals
clarinet|banjo|CapableOf|be blown into
father|cousin|IsA|parent of yours
wife|cousin|HasProperty|female
shrimp|eel|HasA|shell
chandelier|mirror|MadeOf|metal
bike|skateboard|HasA|circular component 
pen|screwdriver|UsedFor|cutting
rope|rocker|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
barrel|grenade|UsedFor|storage
bar|finger|PartOf|building
jeans|socks|AtLocation|above the feet
rabbit|donkey|HasA|fur
pistol|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
dishwasher|sink|IsA|appliance
trousers|dress|HasA|two seperate pant legs
girl|man|HasA|color
hose|rifle|UsedFor|harm
arm|neck|HasProperty|something humans have two of
cherry|olive|IsA|fruit
muscle|leg|IsA|limb
hand|foot|PartOf|upper body
hose|mixer|UsedFor|dispensing water
chandelier|mirror|CapableOf|give off light/glow
cow|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
giraffe|camel|HasA|long neck
trombone|guitar|HasA|tube
barn|inn|HasA|start with a b
celery|corn|HasProperty|green
gate|cathedral|HasA|own altar
cherry|grapefruit|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
screws|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
groundhog|beaver|AtLocation|underground
tiger|crocodile|HasA|horn
tractor|skis|MadeOf|metal
worker|daughter|IsA|profession
yacht|jeep|UsedFor|water
leg|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
drill|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
princess|girlfriend|IsA|profession/title
hand|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
comb|stick|CapableOf|be used for hair
leg|bone|IsA|on the lower half 
wine|steak|IsA|liquid
lobster|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
frog|dog|IsA|teeth
lemon|avocado|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
jacket|shield|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
deck|tower|AtLocation|outside a house
cupboard|bed|CapableOf|open/close
bed|barn|AtLocation|at your home
beetle|spider|HasProperty|an insect
sheep|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
cat|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
goat|potato|IsA|animal
tiger|rabbit|HasProperty|eat meat
hose|faucet|UsedFor|a vehicle
boots|jacket|UsedFor|feet
wife|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
crayon|typewriter|AtLocation|construction site
kettle|mug|MadeOf|metal
floor|window|HasProperty|touches ground
chisel|stick|IsA|construction tool
paintbrush|stick|UsedFor|writing
tiger|giraffe|IsA|like a cat
room|roof|CapableOf|be opened/closed
alligator|elephant|AtLocation|in a river 
rabbit|onions|HasProperty|furry
onions|potato|IsA|n ingredient for sauce
raccoon|mole|CapableOf|climb trees
sofa|curtains|CapableOf|be sat on
brush|pliers|UsedFor|hair
worker|girl|HasA|head
elk|mink|HasA|horn
trousers|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
faucet|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
fingers|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
microwave|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
otter|rabbit|CapableOf|climb on tree
butter|liquor|IsA|diary food
octopus|mackerel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
cat|beetle|HasProperty|four-legged
rabbit|spider|IsA|common pet
mole|rabbit|AtLocation|on tree
walls|tower|UsedFor|tiling
deer|mole|HasA|hooves
microwave|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
scissors|crayon|MadeOf|only metal
roof|floor|AtLocation|on top of a house
caribou|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
yacht|canoe|HasA|engine
shoes|skirt|UsedFor|feet
shrimp|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
sauce|sugar|IsA|liquid
ship|bowl|CapableOf|float 
buffalo|giraffe|HasA|horn
walls|window|HasProperty|touches ground
horse|cart|IsA|an animal
raspberry|prune|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
pear|prune|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
faucet|rocker|IsA| kitchen appliance 
typewriter|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
fingers|elbow|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
cousin|sister|IsA|immediate relation with you
bike|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
mouth|neck|PartOf|face
sailboat|sled|UsedFor|water
perch|asparagus|IsA|one syllable word
beaver|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
mixer|rope|HasA|a type of metal
lantern|candle|MadeOf|glass
pants|skirt|HasProperty|worn on the bottom half
microwave|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
moth|worm|CapableOf|fly
girlfriend|boy|IsA|family member
deer|giraffe|HasA|antlers or tusks
milk|salad|IsA|liquid
bolts|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
pigeon|kite|HasProperty|able to be domesticated
house|gate|UsedFor|sleeping in
dress|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
pipe|rocket|CapableOf|contain water
bagpipe|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
woman|boy|CapableOf|become pregnant 
house|church|HasProperty|a black and white picture
prince|uncle|IsA|royalty
brush|crayon|HasA|bushy tail
octopus|crab|IsA|mollusk
hair|body|AtLocation|on you head
razor|stick|HasA|sharp cutting edge
frog|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
cucumber|beans|HasProperty|green
zebra|mackerel|HasA|legs
daughter|woman|IsA|family member
bedroom|wall|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
butterfly|snail|CapableOf|flying
milk|sugar|IsA|liquid
toe|forearm|AtLocation|below the waist 
horse|bison|CapableOf|be domesticated
barn|hut|HasA|start with a b
car|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
drill|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
sailboat|raft|HasA|motor
hyena|caribou|IsA|violent creature
worker|girl|HasProperty|male
rifle|drill|IsA|hand-held weapon
mixer|faucet|HasA|string or line
tuba|bagpipe|IsA|brass instrument
avocado|grapefruit|HasA|stone inside
father|nurse|HasA|blood relationship with you
comb|crayon|CapableOf|be used for hair
milk|steak|IsA|liquid
cranberry|prune|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
thigh|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
donkey|cat|UsedFor|riding
hose|grenade|CapableOf|contain water
leg|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
pepper|cherry|IsA|vegetable
leg|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
stereo|clamp|IsA|digital device
beaver|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
hawk|kite|IsA|alive 
tape|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
goat|pony|HasA|fur
fingers|wrist|IsA|plural
porcupine|beaver|IsA|rodent
crocodile|donkey|AtLocation|jungle
car|skis|HasProperty|consuming fuel
bed|hut|IsA|component of a home
dishwasher|spoon|HasProperty|using electricity
goat|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
pineapple|cranberry|HasProperty|yellow
prune|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin (usually)
crocodile|pony|CapableOf|bite
celery|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable 
falcon|seagull|HasA|large wing span
dog|sheep|IsA|typical pet
leopard|bison|IsA|predator 
gun|tank|IsA|hand-held weapon
magazine|plug|MadeOf|paper
pen|screwdriver|UsedFor|writing/drawing
knee|forearm|IsA|joint
wheel|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
cod|crab|HasA|fins
man|actress|IsA|person
worker|daughter|HasProperty|male
scarf|lantern|HasProperty|something to be worn
stereo|tap|IsA|related to music 
faucet|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
hyena|elephant|IsA|type of big cat
mother|cousin|PartOf|close blood relative
parakeet|starling|CapableOf|be a household pet
rifle|barrel|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
crab|chicken|IsA|water animal
thigh|elbow|PartOf|lower body
camel|tiger|HasA|hooves
muscle|leg|AtLocation|inside
beaver|alligator|HasA|hair/fur
plum|grapefruit|HasA|big seed
lemon|strawberry|HasProperty|yellow
hand|forearm|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
octopus|salmon|HasA|legs
toe|leg|PartOf|upper body
hose|rope|CapableOf|store or transport water
cat|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
elk|squirrel|HasA|horn
thigh|shoulder|AtLocation|on lower body
rocket|screws|CapableOf|use electricity
sheep|elephant|HasA|hooves
kidney|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
rope|cannon|UsedFor|harm
frog|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
necklace|scarf|MadeOf|metal
crayon|chisel|UsedFor|writing
shoulder|ankle|IsA|upper body part
boy|girl|HasProperty|male
guitar|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
screws|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
room|roof|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
ankle|forearm|HasProperty|below the waist 
skirt|shield|HasProperty|something that can be worn
fridge|kettle|CapableOf|keep food fresh
guitar|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
inn|tent|IsA|permanent structure
squirrel|coyote|AtLocation|on tree
leg|hand|AtLocation|below waist
coat|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
squid|chicken|IsA|water animal
actress|man|IsA|occupation
buggy|skis|HasProperty|consuming fuel
soup|steak|HasProperty|a liquid
cat|moth|HasProperty|four-legged
son|uncle|IsA|direct relation
knee|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
onions|tomato|IsA|vegetable
avocado|orange|UsedFor|cooking
leg|elbow|HasProperty|lower body
butterfly|ant|HasA|wings
father|girlfriend|HasProperty|royalty
pants|boots|AtLocation|above the feet
door|wall|CapableOf|opening/closing
doctor|cousin|HasProperty|a profession
dress|trousers|UsedFor|by mainly women
bison|rabbit|HasA|hooves
bar|hand|PartOf|building
kettle|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
canoe|tractor|AtLocation|in water
duck|potato|CapableOf|eating
neck|knee|PartOf|upper body
parakeet|sparrow|CapableOf|be a household pet
bison|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
salmon|shrimp|HasA|red shell when cooked
aunt|woman|HasA|blood relation with you
knees|shoulder|IsA|plural
window|bathroom|PartOf|garage
magazine|rocker|UsedFor|entertainment
robe|banner|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
butterfly|beetle|HasA|wings
buffalo|gorilla|HasA|horn or antler
avocado|broccoli|HasProperty|something people usually eat raw
jacket|shoes|HasA|sleeves
cart|tiger|AtLocation|in africa
chapel|house|IsA|religion buildings
giraffe|crocodile|HasA|horn
rabbit|mole|HasA|long ears
plug|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
leopard|tiger|IsA|type of cat
walls|finger|PartOf|house
screws|pistol|UsedFor|harm
radio|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
strawberry|lemon|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
peach|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
lemon|corn|HasA|seeds
dog|sheep|HasA|fur
prince|uncle|AtLocation|in a royal family
rabbit|coyote|HasA|long ear
jet|balloon|CapableOf|fly
fan|tape|IsA|mostly black in colour
shoes|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
boots|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
rabbit|horse|IsA|teeth
pepper|avocado|IsA|vegetable
toe|bone|IsA|organ
wine|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
chicken|octopus|AtLocation|on a farm
deer|raccoon|HasA|horn
cello|accordion|HasA|strings
tape|bolts|HasProperty|round shaped
pistol|plate|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
shoulder|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
deer|rabbit|HasA|horn
goat|camel|UsedFor|a source of milk
stereo|faucet|AtLocation|at an electronics store
car|bike|IsA|powered vehicle
pear|prune|HasProperty|yellow
knees|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
whisky|milk|HasProperty|alcoholic
cow|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
shoulder|toe|HasProperty|something humans have two of
gun|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
dress|shirt|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
arm|ankle|UsedFor|a fight
mixer|stereo|IsA| kitchen appliance 
elk|hyena|UsedFor|travel
coat|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
pine|willow|IsA|tree
hyena|giraffe|IsA|like a cat
razor|pen|CapableOf|be used for hair
cow|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
mole|porcupine|CapableOf|be held 
banjo|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
dress|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
horse|bison|AtLocation|typically europe
skirt|shoes|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
peach|banana|IsA|red  or orang
elbow|toe|IsA|joint
finger|ankle|PartOf|upper body
bolts|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
mixer|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
tap|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
cannon|barrel|UsedFor|firing artillery
toe|wrist|PartOf|lower body
blouse|lantern|IsA|item of clothing
drill|spatula|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
eye|nail|PartOf|the images displayed
clamp|fan|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
toe|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
drill|screws|CapableOf|use electricity
ceiling|neck|IsA|part of a building
hyena|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
goat|potato|IsA|meat or animal
violin|harp|HasA|neck
jeans|coat|HasA|two seperate pant legs
foot|arm|HasProperty|lower body
jeans|gown|HasA|two seperate pant legs
pigeon|pelican|IsA|alive 
father|prince|HasProperty|a family member
trousers|shoes|HasProperty|covering the legs
chicken|squid|AtLocation|on a farm
tractor|sailboat|HasA|an engine
building|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
elbow|neck|IsA|joint
deer|zebra|HasA|horn
blender|ladle|HasA|power supply
thigh|wrist|PartOf|lower body
shoes|pants|AtLocation|on your feet
necklace|mirror|HasProperty|something to be worn
stereo|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
paintbrush|knife|UsedFor|writing
tank|wheel|HasA|an engine
alligator|fawn|CapableOf|live in water
deer|zebra|IsA|has horns
dishwasher|sink|IsA|electric powered item
cow|dog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
avocado|pear|HasA|big seed
nurse|aunt|IsA|profession
bed|freezer|HasProperty|in the bedroom
tap|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
bacon|meal|HasProperty|mainly meat
worker|woman|HasProperty|male
father|woman|IsA|family member
elephant|giraffe|IsA|has horns
cod|squid|HasA|fins
faucet|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
sheep|tiger|AtLocation|jungle
truck|scooter|HasProperty|consuming fuel
ankle|skin|HasA|bones
rope|tank|UsedFor|harm
bar|leg|IsA|part of a building
spoon|bucket|MadeOf|metal
gun|drill|CapableOf|used in war
bison|zebra|AtLocation|in water
pencil|pliers|UsedFor|writing
truck|yacht|HasA|wheels
princess|wife|HasProperty|royalty
orange|pear|HasA|usually inedible skin
girl|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
rattlesnake|mink|CapableOf|hunt other animals
harp|tuba|UsedFor|sound
paintbrush|drill|CapableOf|writing
grapefruit|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
leg|neck|UsedFor|a fight
hand|thigh|PartOf|upper body
deer|dog|IsA|teeth
rifle|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
dog|camel|HasA|fur
car|skateboard|HasA|engine
rope|plug|IsA|mostly black in colour
donkey|dog|UsedFor|human transport
mixer|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
frog|horse|HasProperty|carnivorous
carpet|curtains|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
bison|elephant|HasA|short/thick fur
truck|skateboard|HasA|wheels
dishwasher|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
arm|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
mixer|plug|CapableOf|be turned on
faucet|fan|CapableOf|provide water
violin|banjo|HasProperty|played with a bow
truck|raft|MadeOf|metal
thigh|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
chandelier|lamp|AtLocation|on the ceiling
microwave|fridge|UsedFor|cooking food
floor|hand|IsA|part of a building
giraffe|tiger|UsedFor|carrying items at the store
tractor|bike|CapableOf|carry multiple people
flute|saxophone|HasA|tube
rabbit|onions|IsA|animal
eel|asparagus|IsA|water animal
shrimp|catfish|HasA|legs/tentacles 
ankle|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
crocodile|cat|IsA|teeth
carpet|wall|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
girl|wife|UsedFor|transportation
stereo|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
peach|cranberry|HasA|stone 
plum|avocado|UsedFor|smoothies
pineapple|raspberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
boots|trousers|UsedFor|feet
skateboard|wheel|UsedFor|single person transport
socks|gown|HasProperty|worn below the waist
window|hand|PartOf|building
grapefruit|prune|IsA|citrus fruit
lantern|cigarette|UsedFor|camping gear
grenade|rocket|IsA|weapon
camel|dog|UsedFor|human transport
leg|finger|PartOf|pair
vulture|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
bag|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
father|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
rocker|bolts|CapableOf|make sound
frog|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
moth|snail|HasA|wings
salad|sugar|MadeOf|several ingredients
moth|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
fridge|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
chisel|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
worker|aunt|HasProperty|male
dress|boots|HasA|sleeves
cherry|avocado|HasA|edible skin
butter|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
cabin|barn|IsA|place to live permanently
piano|flute|HasA|keyboard
barn|cottage|HasA|start with a b
flute|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
chandelier|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
bathroom|arm|PartOf|room
violin|harp|CapableOf|easily carried around
cherry|garlic|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
gown|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
ship|saucer|AtLocation|on water
clarinet|trombone|HasProperty|single-reed
leg|walls|IsA|body part
stick|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
arm|ceiling|IsA|body part
pencil|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing
goat|tomato|IsA|animal
cupboard|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
meat|butter|MadeOf|several ingredients
tuna|octopus|IsA|fish
leg|forearm|PartOf|lower body
neck|window|PartOf|body
gun|tank|HasA|trigger
harpsichord|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
blender|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
car|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
pen|comb|CapableOf|writing
pigeon|vulture|HasProperty|domesticated
mink|otter|HasA|long tail
piano|tuba|UsedFor|sound
squirrel|hare|AtLocation|on  a tree
hand|neck|HasProperty|related with hand
hawk|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
hawk|pigeon|IsA|bird of prey
leg|hand|AtLocation|on furniture
moth|beetle|HasA|wings
rabbit|otter|IsA|animal with long ears
tiger|cat|IsA|teeth
typewriter|spatula|UsedFor|writing
gorilla|bison|IsA|predator 
blender|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
elbow|toe|PartOf|the upper body
skunk|coyote|AtLocation|on tree
chandelier|thermometer|UsedFor|lighting
lamb|onions|IsA|animal
jet|saucer|AtLocation|in the air
jacket|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
dress|pants|HasA|sleeves
freezer|blender|UsedFor|storing food 
pear|prune|HasA|yellow color
worker|doctor|IsA|male
bed|pine|IsA|man made item
gown|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
cannon|screws|CapableOf|used in war
pineapple|coconut|HasProperty|yellow
oven|door|UsedFor|heating items up
airplane|boat|HasA|the ability to fly
sailboat|sled|HasProperty|a type of watercraft
vulture|sparrow|HasA|large wingspan
mother|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
harmonica|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
stork|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
strawberry|orange|IsA|fruit
steak|chocolate|IsA|meat
perch|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
thigh|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
flute|tuba|UsedFor|sound
mixer|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
forearm|leg|PartOf|the upper body
barrel|pistol|IsA|vessel
violin|harpsichord|HasA|keys
cow|rabbit|AtLocation|on a farm 
toilet|bed|CapableOf|be plumbed in
skis|car|UsedFor|snow
violin|harpsichord|HasA|neck
spoon|sink|CapableOf|be held in your hand
lemon|banana|IsA|citrus fruit
leg|toe|UsedFor|a fight
worker|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
trumpet|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
pear|plum|HasProperty|yellow
goat|potato|CapableOf|eating
pistol|wheel|UsedFor|shooting
rope|tape|HasA|string or line
forearm|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
elk|mole|PartOf|herd
window|bar|AtLocation|in your apartment
bungalow|apartment|HasProperty|for the rich
freezer|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
wrist|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
shrimp|salmon|HasA|legs
forearm|toe|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
kettle|door|UsedFor|heating items up
coat|mirror|IsA|item of clothing
toe|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
gown|trousers|UsedFor|by mainly women
lemon|broccoli|IsA|fruit
lantern|clock|CapableOf|generate light
rabbit|porcupine|HasA|long ear
rocker|rock|IsA|related to music 
eel|chicken|IsA|water animal
coconut|celery|IsA|fruit
dog|horse|HasA|paws
tractor|skis|HasA|wheels
boy|daughter|IsA|male
pencil|drill|CapableOf|make holes 
alligator|elephant|IsA|reptile
giraffe|horse|HasA|long neck
bacon|supper|HasProperty|meaty
shoes|jacket|CapableOf|keep legs warm
blender|bed|UsedFor|making food
jeans|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
kidney|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
harmonica|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
hyena|zebra|IsA|predator 
wasp|worm|CapableOf|fly
bar|neck|PartOf|building
man|aunt|IsA|car
balloon|saucer|AtLocation|in the air
deck|window|UsedFor|working with computer
barrel|rocket|CapableOf|contain water
bison|camel|HasA|horns 
deck|hand|PartOf|house
elephant|hyena|HasA|horn
skirt|jeans|IsA|typically female clothing item
seagull|vulture|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
vulture|dove|HasProperty|a predator
zebra|chicken|IsA|black and white
tent|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
arm|thigh|PartOf|an appendage
grenade|bolts|IsA|vessel
plug|magazine|HasA|a type of metal
mother|girl|HasA|the color brown in it
chisel|brush|HasA|sharp edge
trousers|socks|AtLocation|above the feet
tank|skis|MadeOf|metal
mink|raccoon|HasProperty|4 letters long
shoulder|knees|PartOf|the upper body
car|canoe|HasA|an engine
radio|bolts|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
wheel|mixer|HasProperty|round shaped
beaver|rabbit|AtLocation|on tree
frog|horse|UsedFor|food products
prune|pineapple|HasA|single hard pit
caribou|camel|HasA|antlers
elephant|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
camel|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
violin|accordion|MadeOf|strings
raspberry|avocado|HasA|edible skin
knee|hand|AtLocation|below the waist 
forearm|toe|HasProperty|upper body
neck|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
goat|frog|HasA|fur
tiger|caribou|IsA|type of big cat
rifle|rocket|IsA|firearm
squirrel|mole|AtLocation|on  a tree
elk|ox|HasA|antler
tomato|rabbit|IsA|fruit or vegetable
car|raft|HasA|wheels
wheel|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
squirrel|mouse|HasA|tail
crab|catfish|HasA|legs/tentacles 
house|cottage|HasProperty|a black and white picture
skin|leg|AtLocation|on your head
fingers|bar|IsA|body part
radio|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
butterfly|cat|CapableOf|flying
pliers|paintbrush|IsA|construction tool
bag|pants|AtLocation|on your upper torso
necklace|skirt|IsA|accessory
car|boat|HasA|wheels
plum|avocado|IsA|fruit
walls|roof|PartOf|garage
building|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
father|wife|IsA|male
rocker|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
man|mother|IsA|head
catfish|mackerel|HasA|name beginning with c
bolts|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
kettle|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
sofa|carpet|IsA|furniture
crocodile|iguana|HasProperty|dangerous
barn|cabin|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
fawn|rattlesnake|HasA|horn
clarinet|flute|HasProperty|a reeded instrument
elk|bison|HasA|antlers or tusks
cherry|broccoli|IsA|fruit
cat|frog|PartOf|water
nail|eye|IsA|organ
elbow|forearm|IsA|joint
screwdriver|paintbrush|UsedFor|driving screws
bacon|salad|HasProperty|meaty
mother|actress|IsA|direct relation
drill|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
alligator|iguana|CapableOf|be found in the water
tape|tap|HasProperty|round shaped
violin|piano|HasA|keys
cat|goat|IsA|typical pet
elephant|camel|HasA|antlers or tusks
salmon|lobster|HasA|fins
mole|alligator|IsA|mammal
steak|butter|IsA|meat
dog|camel|UsedFor|food products
pistol|screws|HasProperty|made for violence
pants|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
beetle|caterpillar|IsA|crustecean
skunk|fawn|CapableOf|be held 
scissors|crayon|HasA|sharp cutting edge
room|bar|PartOf|room
nurse|woman|IsA|occupation
turtle|crocodile|HasA|a shell
cat|butterfly|HasProperty|four-legged
trout|zebra|IsA|water animal
frog|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
sink|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
beaver|mole|CapableOf|live in water
knife|comb|HasA|sharp edge
skirt|clock|CapableOf|be worn
butterfly|flea|HasA|wings
foot|finger|HasProperty|lower body
fingers|floor|PartOf|body
pipe|rope|IsA|vessel
pony|tiger|UsedFor|riding
thigh|forearm|AtLocation|below waist
worm|turtle|IsA|insect
chisel|typewriter|HasA|sharp cutting edge
screwdriver|brush|IsA|construction tool
trout|squid|HasA|fins
dog|donkey|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
banana|cranberry|IsA|physical fruit or veg
comb|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
lantern|cigarette|MadeOf|metal
raft|car|AtLocation|in water
toaster|dishwasher|UsedFor|making food
balloon|saucer|HasA|the ability to fly
faucet|rope|HasA|a type of metal
nurse|woman|HasA|the color brown in it
knee|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
pants|gown|HasProperty|worn below the waist
tank|car|UsedFor|war
jeans|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
candle|mirror|UsedFor|lighting
fawn|hare|HasA|horn
mouth|brow|IsA|(one of five) human senses
dishwasher|spoon|HasA|power supply
tiger|pony|HasProperty|eat meat
candle|necklace|UsedFor|providing light
tape|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
bed|door|HasProperty|in the bedroom
arm|roof|PartOf|human body
fawn|rabbit|HasA|hooves
perch|catfish|IsA|one syllable word
bed|wall|CapableOf|be used to sleep
canoe|buggy|AtLocation|in water
boat|raft|HasA|an engine
hand|walls|PartOf|body
elbow|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
drill|wheel|UsedFor|building
stereo|rock|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
nail|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
lantern|necklace|MadeOf|glass
faucet|tape|HasA|a type of metal
squirrel|porcupine|HasProperty|originated from north america
elephant|hyena|HasA|antlers or tusks
clarinet|piano|HasA|reed to make it work
alligator|raccoon|CapableOf|hunt other animals
scissors|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
coat|bag|HasA|sleeves
butterfly|flea|CapableOf|flying
screws|rocket|UsedFor|daily usage 
hand|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
violin|bagpipe|MadeOf|strings
trousers|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
plate|bolts|IsA|vessel
trombone|guitar|CapableOf|be played with mouth
horse|frog|UsedFor|riding
mother|nurse|IsA|family member
ant|worm|PartOf|water
toe|elbow|PartOf|an appendage
bedroom|carpet|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
plug|magazine|IsA|electric 
saucer|spoon|MadeOf|ceramic materials
body|leg|IsA|limb
arm|hand|HasProperty|mostly of cylindrical shape
toe|body|IsA|on the lower half 
scooter|skateboard|HasA|wheels
butter|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
eagle|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
groundhog|coyote|CapableOf|climb trees
bolts|radio|HasA|a type of metal
chisel|knife|IsA|construction tool
butter|soup|IsA|diary food
tank|buggy|HasA|wheels
radio|plug|CapableOf|consume electricity
car|bike|HasA|more than two wheels
jeans|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
rabbit|mouse|HasA|tail
spider|ant|CapableOf|flying
leopard|gorilla|PartOf|the cat family
toaster|fridge|UsedFor|cooking food
rope|hose|UsedFor|restraining things
guitar|tuba|HasA|strings
car|buggy|HasA|wheels
goat|camel|HasA|fur
canoe|wheel|AtLocation|in water
leg|wrist|PartOf|lower body
cello|harp|HasA|neck
neck|knee|PartOf|the upper body
pants|blouse|HasProperty|worn below the waist
deer|raccoon|HasA|antlers/horns
wheel|tank|UsedFor|harm
wrist|foot|AtLocation|upper body
yacht|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
crayon|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
trout|zebra|HasA|fins
microwave|bed|IsA|electrical appliance
arm|knee|PartOf|upper body
caribou|hyena|HasA|horn
carpet|curtains|CapableOf|be used to sleep
hawk|falcon|IsA|alive 
avocado|pepper|HasProperty|green
daughter|wife|PartOf|close blood relative
whisky|chocolate|IsA|liquid
doctor|nurse|IsA|male
pencil|paintbrush|CapableOf|get smaller as it's used
caterpillar|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
pear|avocado|HasA|edible skin (usually)
rope|bolts|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
forearm|knee|HasProperty|upper body
arm|leg|IsA|limb
spoon|colander|CapableOf|scoop things
dishwasher|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
muscle|nail|AtLocation|on your head
shotgun|gun|HasProperty|longer than one foot
rope|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
oven|closet|CapableOf|be plugged in
trousers|jacket|HasProperty|worn below the waist
camel|cow|AtLocation|jungle
rope|magazine|UsedFor|a vehicle
girl|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
hose|grenade|UsedFor|harm
boat|bike|HasA|an engine
beetle|cat|IsA|bug
leg|blood|HasA|bones
elbow|thigh|IsA|joint
eagle|hawk|HasA|large wingspan
cheetah|cougar|IsA|predator 
magazine|clamp|MadeOf|paper
wife|sister|UsedFor|a married person
milk|meat|MadeOf|cup
building|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
floor|fingers|PartOf|house
pipe|cannon|UsedFor|harm
dress|jeans|HasA|sleeves
wheel|magazine|UsedFor|a vehicle
vulture|pigeon|HasA|long beak
spatula|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
hand|arm|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
fingers|roof|PartOf|human body
hyena|bison|AtLocation|in hot climates 
squirrel|mink|IsA|herbivore
gun|tank|HasA|finger trigger
toe|nail|CapableOf|help you walk
cougar|zebra|IsA|like a cat
crocodile|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
tiger|gorilla|IsA|type of big cat
leg|room|PartOf|body
kettle|blender|CapableOf|change temperature of things
pistol|rope|UsedFor|shooting
rope|grenade|CapableOf|be used in home
gun|rope|IsA|firearm
freezer|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
freezer|closet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
neck|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
raccoon|hare|CapableOf|climb trees
worm|cat|HasProperty|an insect
mirror|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
elk|squirrel|HasA|antlers/horns
strawberry|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
floor|fingers|PartOf|building
church|gate|IsA|religion buildings
cathedral|inn|UsedFor|a place of worship
vulture|kite|HasA|large wing span
cougar|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
pistol|rope|IsA|hand-held weapon
roof|bathroom|UsedFor|tiling
lime|onions|IsA|fruit
pencil|scissors|UsedFor|writing/drawing
strawberry|prune|AtLocation|be found on a bush
thigh|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
leg|muscle|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
fan|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
spatula|typewriter|UsedFor|cooking
sailboat|tank|AtLocation|in water
cucumber|cherry|IsA|vegetable
dog|donkey|IsA|typical pet
raccoon|mole|AtLocation|on  a tree
rabbit|rattlesnake|HasA|long ear
sailboat|buggy|AtLocation|in water
plum|banana|HasA|stone 
toe|muscle|HasA|bones
sofa|wall|CapableOf|be sat on
tuba|flute|MadeOf|strings
coat|tray|IsA|item of clothing
wife|princess|PartOf|your family
bison|leopard|IsA|has horns
plug|faucet|HasProperty|round shaped
prune|grapefruit|IsA|word beginning with p
hose|cannon|UsedFor|daily usage 
blender|ladle|IsA|electric powered item
pony|frog|UsedFor|human transport
fan|rock|CapableOf|consume electricity
skirt|shoes|IsA|typically female clothing item
girlfriend|cousin|CapableOf|become pregnant 
vulture|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
room|floor|CapableOf|be opened/closed
cousin|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
goat|bison|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
radio|fan|IsA|related to music 
chisel|comb|HasA|sharp edge
frog|cow|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
fingers|shoulder|UsedFor|waving
blouse|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
scissors|pencil|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
pencil|crayon|HasA|graphite center
gate|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
building|cottage|HasA|start with a b
ankle|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
mixer|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
boat|bike|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
wife|princess|IsA|direct or immediate relation
bone|muscle|IsA|cancer related card
blouse|wheelbarrow|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
trumpet|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
boat|wheel|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
stereo|faucet|CapableOf|consume electricity
sister|cousin|PartOf|close blood relative
hand|shoulder|UsedFor|waving
jeep|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
car|wheel|HasA|an engine
microwave|kettle|UsedFor|cooking food
radio|rocker|IsA|electric 
stereo|faucet|IsA|related to music 
toe|neck|AtLocation|on lower body
screws|cannon|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
bison|crocodile|HasA|hooves
fingers|leg|HasProperty|related with hand
pen|knife|UsedFor|writing/drawing
skin|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
chisel|typewriter|HasA|sharp edge
pistol|bolts|IsA|firearm
eagle|pigeon|HasA|large wing span
tuna|shrimp|HasA|fins
fan|magazine|IsA|electric 
cockroach|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
tray|toilet|AtLocation|on a countertop
crocodile|gorilla|AtLocation|in water
rocker|rock|CapableOf|be use for transportation
knees|finger|AtLocation|below waist
woman|man|HasProperty|female
wasp|snail|CapableOf|fly
steak|soup|HasProperty|meaty
skin|elbow|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
liquor|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
olive|garlic|HasProperty|green
jeep|wheel|HasProperty|consuming fuel
paintbrush|pliers|CapableOf|writing
hawk|woodpecker|HasProperty|a predator
sink|cupboard|CapableOf|be plumbed in
leg|elbow|UsedFor|walking
flute|trombone|HasA|reed to make it work
trumpet|flute|MadeOf|strings
caribou|crocodile|IsA|has horns
cello|bagpipe|CapableOf|easily carried around
pony|sheep|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
clamp|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
ankle|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
boat|skis|AtLocation|in water
gun|rope|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
tap|wheel|CapableOf|provide water
cousin|doctor|HasA|blood relationship with you
salad|bacon|HasA|vegetable(s)
girl|actress|IsA|person
horse|zebra|UsedFor|eating
trumpet|piano|CapableOf|be played with mouth
truck|skateboard|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
hyena|elk|HasA|thick body
whisky|steak|IsA|liquid
eggplant|garlic|UsedFor|meat replacement
daughter|cousin|IsA|family
car|yacht|CapableOf|hold more than one person
bedroom|building|AtLocation|at your home
cucumber|pepper|HasProperty|green
elephant|horse|IsA|teeth
eye|leg|AtLocation|on your head
roof|bathroom|HasA|diagram on it
broccoli|eggplant|HasProperty|green (most part)
rabbit|duck|HasProperty|furry
wine|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
fridge|blender|CapableOf|make things cold
avocado|garlic|IsA|fruit
kidney|ankle|IsA|limb
milk|butter|MadeOf|cup
plum|pear|UsedFor|smoothies
broccoli|beans|HasProperty|green
princess|man|IsA|female (strictly)
wheel|bolts|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
necklace|pants|IsA|accessory
jacket|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
arm|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
leg|arm|AtLocation|below waist
knees|neck|PartOf|lower body
avocado|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
coyote|mink|IsA|predator
caterpillar|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
plug|rock|HasA|a type of metal
meal|bean|HasProperty|meaty
pants|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
bolts|hose|HasA|number on it
prune|avocado|PartOf|group or bunch 
prince|son|IsA|royalty
paintbrush|drill|UsedFor|crafts
radio|magazine|UsedFor|listening to music
caribou|hyena|IsA|has horns
cheetah|giraffe|IsA|type of cat
cathedral|bridge|UsedFor|a place of worship
kite|eagle|AtLocation|at a beach
wheel|rock|MadeOf|metal/steel
rope|tape|IsA|mostly black in colour
room|tower|AtLocation|in your apartment
elephant|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
avocado|strawberry|HasA|stone 
prune|cranberry|HasA|single hard pit
avocado|plum|HasA|edible skin
dog|bison|IsA|typical pet
knees|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
pipe|rocket|CapableOf|transport liquids
house|inn|IsA|place to live permanently
crocodile|camel|HasProperty|eat meat
trout|crab|HasA|fins
mirror|necklace|MadeOf|glass
boat|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
buggy|scooter|CapableOf|hold more than one person
skunk|mole|CapableOf|climb trees
thigh|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
pants|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
peach|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
liquor|bacon|IsA|liquid
crocodile|rattlesnake|HasA| 4 limbs
donkey|deer|CapableOf|be domesticated
bison|cat|UsedFor|riding
stick|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
boat|jeep|UsedFor|riding on water
guitar|clarinet|HasA|strings
parakeet|pigeon|CapableOf|be a household pet
horse|cow|HasProperty|fluffy
cigarette|chandelier|CapableOf|be set alight with match
boots|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
bridge|church|HasA| place for worship
bungalow|tent|HasProperty|for the rich
leg|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
finger|lips|IsA|(one of five) human senses
cheese|olive|HasA|eatable shell or peel
church|cottage|IsA|religion buildings
mole|skunk|HasProperty|4 letters long
avocado|cranberry|HasA|stone 
foot|shoulder|AtLocation|below the waist 
wheel|rock|HasA|a type of metal
tiger|elephant|HasA|fur
eye|nail|AtLocation|inside
bone|ankle|AtLocation|inside
eagle|pelican|CapableOf|attack others
cherry|orange|HasA|single hard pit
broccoli|tomato|HasProperty|green
girlfriend|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
ladle|kettle|CapableOf|scoop things
socks|bag|PartOf|lower waistline
elbow|leg|IsA|upper body part
guitar|trumpet|HasA|strings
horse|camel|AtLocation|typically europe
hawk|owl|HasA|large wing span
hyena|camel|IsA|predator 
pistol|cannon|CapableOf|fire bullets
nail|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
oven|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
barn|gate|HasA|start with a b
forearm|knees|PartOf|the upper body
shoes|jeans|UsedFor|wearing on your feet
donkey|bison|UsedFor|human transport
catfish|eel|HasA|name beginning with c
whisky|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
vulture|sparrow|HasProperty|a predator
truck|skis|HasProperty|consuming fuel
crayon|spatula|UsedFor|writing
knees|finger|IsA|joint
snail|cat|IsA|bug
crocodile|tiger|IsA|predator 
crocodile|iguana|CapableOf|be found in the water
elephant|giraffe|CapableOf|fly
nurse|man|IsA|occupation
screwdriver|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
rabbit|squirrel|IsA|animal with long ears
butterfly|spider|HasProperty|typically able to fly
typewriter|comb|UsedFor|typing on paper
fawn|mink|HasA|horn
door|bedroom|CapableOf|be opened and closed
pony|camel|AtLocation|typically europe
sailboat|skis|CapableOf|carry multiple people
skirt|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
onions|chicken|IsA|fruit or vegetable
bagpipe|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
faucet|rope|UsedFor|dispensing water
tap|magazine|IsA|mostly black in colour
tower|roof|HasProperty|enclosed
wrist|finger|UsedFor|waving
prune|pineapple|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
beer|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
bed|apartment|AtLocation|at your home
raccoon|alligator|IsA|mammal
neck|roof|PartOf|body
building|cottage|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
tank|skateboard|HasA|an engine
mixer|tap|HasA|string or line
chapel|hut|IsA|religious place
kettle|saucer|HasA|handle
pistol|rocket|HasA|trigger
crocodile|elephant|IsA|amphibian
cat|horse|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
rabbit|coyote|HasA|long ears
rattlesnake|mole|CapableOf|hunt other animals
rabbit|deer|IsA|herbivore
car|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
elbow|toe|HasProperty|upper body
sailboat|bike|UsedFor|riding on water
alligator|elk|IsA|predator
woman|man|HasProperty|a female
trombone|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
shoulder|foot|AtLocation|upper body
foot|eye|CapableOf|help you walk
pineapple|cranberry|IsA|citrus fruit
toe|skin|HasA|bones
thigh|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
truck|wheel|UsedFor|land suitable one
barrel|grenade|UsedFor|harm
comb|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
father|cousin|IsA|direct relation with you
freezer|bed|PartOf|kitchen appliance
salad|meal|HasProperty|two syllables
peach|strawberry|HasA|single hard pit
fingers|hand|HasProperty|mostly of cylindrical shape
girl|woman|UsedFor|transportation
peach|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
tape|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
buffalo|gorilla|HasA|horn
bathroom|tower|HasA|glass
mixer|magazine|CapableOf|be turned on
arm|foot|PartOf|the upper body
stereo|clamp|CapableOf|be turned on
knees|wrist|IsA|plural
aunt|girlfriend|IsA|family member
cockroach|flea|CapableOf|fly
cherry|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
father|king|IsA|male
razor|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
worm|turtle|IsA|bug
kidney|skin|AtLocation|inside
deer|beaver|HasA|antlers/horns
walls|tower|PartOf|garage
scissors|crayon|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
finger|bathroom|PartOf|human body
fan|magazine|CapableOf|consume electricity
tank|skateboard|HasProperty|consuming fuel
chisel|comb|IsA|construction tool
toe|arm|IsA|on the lower half 
sauce|potatoes|IsA|liquid
elbow|toe|UsedFor|a fight
boots|jeans|UsedFor|feet
banjo|saxophone|UsedFor|sound
lime|broccoli|IsA|fruit
wheel|pistol|UsedFor|harm
building|inn|IsA|place to live permanently
ladle|dishwasher|CapableOf|scoop things
cucumber|celery|IsA|fruit
toilet|cupboard|CapableOf|can you sit on it
kettle|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
scooter|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
foot|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
kidney|blood|IsA|limb
belt|bolts|UsedFor|restraining things
spade|pine|IsA|weapon 
donkey|rabbit|UsedFor|a mode of transport
hose|plug|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
coat|boots|HasA|sleeves
man|woman|IsA|car
wrist|forearm|HasProperty|bendable
forearm|shoulder|UsedFor|waving
dress|blouse|AtLocation|over your knees
avocado|lemon|HasProperty|green
camel|cheetah|IsA|herbivore
guitar|saxophone|PartOf|strings
roof|window|AtLocation|above your head
elephant|dog|IsA|teeth
kite|dove|HasA|large wingspan
mole|mink|AtLocation|on tree
lime|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
tent|cottage|HasA| 5 letters or less
horse|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
zebra|buffalo|HasA|spots or stripes
neck|body|IsA|part of the skeleton
hose|rock|UsedFor|a vehicle
faucet|stereo|CapableOf|work without electricity
trousers|skirt|HasA|two seperate pant legs
actress|boy|IsA|occupation
chicken|perch|AtLocation|on a farm
chisel|pen|IsA|construction tool
scissors|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for hair
beaver|rabbit|CapableOf|climb trees
butterfly|ant|HasProperty|typically able to fly
pencil|scissors|CapableOf|writing
bathroom|finger|PartOf|house
fan|bolts|CapableOf|consume electricity
chandelier|cigarette|MadeOf|/contain glass
crab|catfish|HasA|legs
king|son|AtLocation|in a royal family
duck|hawk|HasProperty|domesticated
jeans|bag|IsA|worn on the lower body
building|inn|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
goat|tomato|IsA|n animal
tongue|throat|HasProperty|used for tasting
roof|hand|PartOf|house
fingers|neck|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
pear|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
pipe|screws|CapableOf|transport liquids
chandelier|lantern|UsedFor|providing light
shoulder|knee|AtLocation|upper body
leg|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
leg|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
aunt|actress|PartOf|your family
screws|grenade|UsedFor|harm
screwdriver|comb|IsA|construction tool
clamp|tap|MadeOf|metal/steel
skirt|jacket|UsedFor|covering legs
cousin|woman|HasA|blood relationship with you
avocado|beans|HasProperty|green (most part)
sheep|frog|AtLocation|jungle
pen|chisel|CapableOf|make holes 
dishwasher|sink|PartOf|kitchen appliance
turtle|squirrel|HasA|a shell
squid|catfish|HasA|legs
caterpillar|snail|HasA|legs, six or more
coat|mirror|CapableOf|be worn
falcon|duck|IsA|bird of prey
strawberry|plum|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
neck|walls|PartOf|body
cucumber|pepper|IsA|fruit
elk|leopard|IsA|has horns
muscle|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
rabbit|elk|CapableOf|be held 
pepper|olive|HasA|seeds
lime|pepper|IsA|fruit
king|uncle|IsA|title
garlic|avocado|IsA|purple vegetable
pistol|pipe|HasProperty|made for violence
deer|porcupine|HasA|hooves
giraffe|bison|HasA|spots or stripes
robe|shield|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
sandwich|bean|HasA|vegetable(s)
saucer|bucket|MadeOf|ceramic materials
man|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
pistol|wheel|CapableOf|be launched/fired
rifle|screws|CapableOf|be launched/fired
deck|arm|IsA|part of a building
banana|raspberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
seagull|stork|HasProperty|a predator
door|wall|CapableOf|open/close
sister|actress|PartOf|your family
foot|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
ladle|fridge|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
screwdriver|spatula|AtLocation|construction site
rabbit|lamb|HasProperty|small
beaver|deer|CapableOf|live in water
clock|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
pants|blouse|IsA|worn on the lower body
cousin|girl|IsA|family member
building|hut|IsA|place to live permanently
church|bridge|IsA|religious place
forearm|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
knees|arm|PartOf|lower body
mixer|faucet|UsedFor|electronic uses
lamb|potato|IsA|n animal
scissors|drill|HasA|sharp edge
goat|donkey|HasA|fur
clamp|rock|HasA|a type of metal
boots|dress|CapableOf|keep legs warm
otter|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
shoulder|thigh|IsA|limb
aunt|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
church|gate|IsA|public building (typically)
sink|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
deer|goat|IsA|teeth
roof|ceiling|AtLocation|on the outside of building
rabbit|mink|HasA|big ears
skunk|elk|CapableOf|be held 
flute|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
colander|spoon|UsedFor|washings things in
squirrel|deer|CapableOf|be held 
zebra|eel|IsA|black and white
ant|worm|HasA|legs, six or more
buzzard|stork|HasProperty|a predator
spider|cat|CapableOf|flying
rock|rope|CapableOf|make sound
freezer|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
dishwasher|colander|UsedFor|washing dishes
clock|necklace|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
shrimp|perch|HasA|legs
drill|grenade|UsedFor|harm
cod|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
hose|plug|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
tray|door|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
elk|cougar|UsedFor|travel
avocado|garlic|HasProperty|green
magazine|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
crocodile|goat|HasProperty|eat meat
drill|spatula|CapableOf|be used for drawing
snail|worm|MadeOf|small animals
fan|rocker|IsA|electric 
radio|rock|IsA|related to music 
celery|onions|IsA|green vegetable 
trombone|guitar|CapableOf|be blown into
sheep|horse|UsedFor|a source of milk
tray|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
groundhog|squirrel|HasProperty|originated from north america
leg|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
jacket|shield|HasProperty|something that can be worn
pencil|stick|CapableOf|writing
rocker|rope|UsedFor|music related entertainment
toilet|door|CapableOf|be plumbed in
drill|cannon|CapableOf|be used in home
radio|tap|IsA|related to music 
window|tower|HasA|glass
bone|blood|IsA|part of the skeleton
shotgun|rocket|UsedFor|bullets
rifle|tank|HasA|finger trigger
fridge|oven|UsedFor|cooling food
gate|hut|AtLocation|at your home
father|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
bar|fingers|PartOf|building
skunk|wood|IsA|fragile
scissors|brush|HasA|sharp edge
goat|donkey|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
daughter|girlfriend|HasA|blood relation with you
walls|bar|AtLocation|in your apartment
shoulder|toe|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
room|finger|PartOf|house
plate|rocket|IsA|vessel
elbow|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
neck|tongue|AtLocation|below mouth
screwdriver|typewriter|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
fingers|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
hare|raccoon|HasProperty|4 letters long
lips|neck|PartOf|face
spider|rattlesnake|IsA|bug
body|arm|IsA|limb
elk|gorilla|HasA|antlers/tusks
truck|buggy|HasA|wheels
butter|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
leg|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
floor|ceiling|AtLocation|at ground level
chapel|cottage|UsedFor|a place of worship
arm|shoulder|AtLocation|below where a watch is
fan|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
canoe|sailboat|CapableOf|be used with paddles
elbow|thigh|IsA|upper body part
squid|lobster|IsA|mollusk
bedroom|carpet|MadeOf|wood
rifle|pipe|UsedFor|shooting
bridge|inn|AtLocation|across a river
eye|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
bone|arm|AtLocation|inside
wall|door|UsedFor|lighting
woman|boy|IsA|female (strictly)
bed|dishwasher|HasProperty|in the bedroom
dress|chandelier|IsA|item of clothing
window|floor|CapableOf|let in air
lemon|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
hare|skunk|HasProperty|4 letters long
man|actress|IsA|head
hair|eye|IsA|limb
cat|elephant|HasProperty|fluffy
jeep|skateboard|HasA|an engine
blood|liver|IsA|organ
dishwasher|ladle|HasA|electrical parts
ox|caribou|AtLocation|in hot climates 
forearm|finger|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
chandelier|thermometer|CapableOf|generate light
woman|aunt|HasProperty|two syllables
salmon|lobster|AtLocation|at sea
daughter|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
jacket|socks|HasA|sleeves
cockroach|worm|CapableOf|fly
crocodile|zebra|HasA|sharp teeth
cucumber|garlic|HasProperty|green
otter|rabbit|AtLocation|water usually
celery|onions|IsA|green vegetable
bungalow|gate|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
donkey|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
toe|neck|IsA|on the lower half 
actress|woman|IsA|profession/title
magazine|fan|UsedFor|entertainment
lips|mouth|PartOf|makeup regimen
faucet|radio|HasA|a type of metal
mixer|tape|IsA| kitchen appliance 
horse|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
boots|bag|IsA|piece of clothing
hare|mole|IsA|herbivore
rock|plug|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
hyena|elk|IsA|predator 
cottage|bridge|HasA|roof
mirror|lamp|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
plate|tank|UsedFor|harm
rattlesnake|squirrel|CapableOf|hunt other animals
tuna|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
fan|tap|AtLocation|at an electronics store
deck|leg|IsA|part of a building
banjo|saxophone|PartOf|strings
mother|princess|PartOf|your family
lemon|cranberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
leg|deck|IsA|body part
pliers|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
scarf|clock|IsA|item of clothing
neck|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
liver|body|AtLocation|on the inside
horse|frog|AtLocation|on a farm 
roof|leg|PartOf|building
chapel|inn|UsedFor|religious gatherings
foot|forearm|HasProperty|lower body
beetle|ant|CapableOf|fly
brush|knife|CapableOf|be used for hair
ant|snail|PartOf|water
sink|closet|CapableOf|be plumbed in
typewriter|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
guitar|harp|MadeOf|strings
dog|tiger|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
sailboat|jeep|UsedFor|riding on water
zebra|hyena|IsA|herbivore
boat|truck|UsedFor|water
bedroom|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
stereo|rope|IsA|digital device
toaster|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
hair|nail|IsA|limb
elephant|tiger|IsA|herbivore
moth|spider|CapableOf|fly
fingers|tower|PartOf|human body
tap|bolts|CapableOf|be turned on
scarf|blouse|HasProperty|worn on the neck
candle|mirror|UsedFor|providing light
pants|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
sauce|salad|MadeOf|cup
shotgun|barrel|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
banana|raspberry|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
fan|rope|IsA|electric 
salad|bean|HasProperty|two syllables
dishwasher|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
car|bike|HasProperty|consuming fuel
faucet|clamp|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
car|sailboat|HasA|an engine
arm|forearm|MadeOf|a whole body part
ceiling|fingers|PartOf|building
neck|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
toe|forearm|PartOf|lower body
drill|pipe|UsedFor|building
avocado|cherry|HasA|edible skin
pliers|typewriter|AtLocation|construction site
stove|freezer|CapableOf|be plugged in
sofa|wall|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
uncle|daughter|IsA|man
candle|lamp|CapableOf|be set alight with match
grapefruit|banana|HasProperty|red
ship|balloon|UsedFor|transportation
goat|elephant|HasA|fur
trousers|boots|AtLocation|above the feet
stereo|tape|HasA|string or line
wrist|elbow|AtLocation|below where a watch is
cow|crocodile|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
falcon|buzzard|HasA|large wing span
inn|gate|UsedFor|sleeping in
elbow|arm|CapableOf|carrying objects
bolts|gun|AtLocation|in a toolbox
gorilla|leopard|IsA|herbivore
violin|piano|CapableOf|easily carried around
scarf|pants|HasProperty|worn on the neck
daughter|girl|HasA|blood relation with you
leopard|giraffe|IsA|type of big cat
octopus|lobster|IsA|mollusk
jacket|skirt|AtLocation|upper part of body
oven|closet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
duck|woodpecker|CapableOf|be a household pet
brother|king|IsA|family member
dog|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
bathroom|leg|PartOf|building
hand|knees|AtLocation|in your upper body
steak|supper|HasProperty|mainly meat
plum|cherry|HasA|big seed
bed|curtains|HasProperty|placed horizontally (longest dimension)
mink|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
hose|rope|IsA|vessel
helicopter|saucer|CapableOf|fly
tape|plug|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
olive|lemon|HasA|hard shell
snail|flea|MadeOf|small animals
toaster|door|AtLocation|on a countertop
brush|screwdriver|HasA|bushy tail
perch|asparagus|AtLocation|at sea
arm|window|PartOf|body
actress|princess|IsA|profession
hand|ceiling|IsA|body part
daughter|wife|IsA|family member
pencil|brush|UsedFor|writing
beans|avocado|IsA|vegetable
canoe|bike|UsedFor|riding on water
hose|radio|HasA|a type of metal
plate|rifle|IsA|vessel
hare|mink|IsA|herbivore
screwdriver|brush|UsedFor|driving screws
rifle|barrel|IsA|hand-held weapon
wine|sandwich|IsA|liquid
foot|arm|AtLocation|below waist
bathroom|leg|PartOf|house
daughter|girlfriend|HasA|a blood relation with you
socks|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
cat|rattlesnake|HasProperty|four-legged
barn|tent|HasA|start with a b
raccoon|hare|AtLocation|on  a tree
knife|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
catfish|octopus|IsA|fish
walls|roof|HasProperty|enclosed
deer|rabbit|HasA|hooves
bacon|bean|IsA|meat
vulture|pelican|CapableOf|attack others
cabin|barn|UsedFor|human living
screws|tank|UsedFor|harm
cod|eel|HasA|name beginning with c
brush|pen|UsedFor|grooming
foot|neck|PartOf|lower body
bridge|house|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
boat|wheel|UsedFor|water
mixer|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
tap|rock|CapableOf|be turned on
deer|caribou|HasA|horn or antler
radio|clamp|CapableOf|make sound
neck|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
girl|father|UsedFor|transportation
hand|window|IsA|body part
flute|saxophone|PartOf|woodwind
squirrel|mouse|HasProperty|four-legged
helicopter|boat|CapableOf|fly
wheel|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
fingers|bar|PartOf|body
bolts|clamp|UsedFor|a vehicle
violin|flute|HasA|keys
fan|bolts|UsedFor|electronic uses
canoe|skateboard|AtLocation|in water
kettle|colander|HasProperty|using electricity
broccoli|orange|HasProperty|green
tap|bolts|UsedFor|typically letting water flow through
toe|arm|AtLocation|below waist
giraffe|tiger|IsA|herbivore
aunt|mother|HasA|a blood relation with you
girlfriend|boy|HasProperty|exclusively female
truck|bike|HasProperty|consuming fuel
neck|leg|IsA|limb
giraffe|cougar|IsA|herbivore
trout|perch|IsA|fish
cabin|cottage|HasA| 5 letters or less
wife|woman|IsA|family member
saxophone|accordion|IsA|brass instrument
beetle|frog|IsA|bug
boots|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
tower|fingers|PartOf|building
church|bridge|UsedFor|a place of worship
mink|mole|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
chandelier|mirror|HasProperty|makes light
cheetah|elephant|IsA|predator 
hare|skunk|IsA|animal with long ears
pony|donkey|HasProperty|used in races
bike|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
horse|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
fawn|groundhog|HasA|hooves
bolts|rope|UsedFor|building
hose|rope|UsedFor|water
trumpet|piano|IsA|wind instrument
ankle|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
rocker|wheel|UsedFor|music related entertainment
faucet|mixer|UsedFor|water
barrel|rocket|IsA|vessel
pineapple|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
cod|lobster|IsA|fish
deer|giraffe|HasA|horn
horse|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
crocodile|elephant|AtLocation|in a river 
skirt|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
fridge|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
woman|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
cucumber|tomato|IsA|vegetable
plug|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
leopard|elk|IsA|predator 
truck|skateboard|HasProperty|consuming fuel
rope|plug|HasA|string or line
ladle|dishwasher|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
rocker|clamp|IsA|related to music 
dog|camel|HasProperty|carnivorous
ox|cougar|HasA|horn
woman|actress|IsA|person
bone|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
orange|lime|CapableOf|be used as a color
ceiling|tower|AtLocation|above your head in general
ant|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
wasp|ant|CapableOf|fly
bison|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
grapefruit|pear|IsA|member of the citrus family
forearm|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
elephant|snail|HasA| 4 limbs
trumpet|guitar|CapableOf|be played with mouth
buffalo|zebra|HasA|horn or antler
scarf|cigarette|AtLocation|on neck
knees|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
trumpet|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
milk|whisky|IsA|diary food
caterpillar|cat|IsA|bug
rattlesnake|caterpillar|AtLocation|nature
octopus|trout|IsA|mollusk
crocodile|elk|IsA|predator 
floor|roof|PartOf|room
blood|hair|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
rope|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
raspberry|prune|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
pistol|hose|UsedFor|shooting
shoulder|thigh|PartOf|upper body
shrimp|mackerel|HasA|legs
hare|rattlesnake|IsA|mammal
barn|oak|MadeOf|one or more rooms
bed|bedroom|MadeOf|wood
scissors|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
knee|leg|IsA|joint
camel|hyena|UsedFor|travel
airplane|saucer|AtLocation|in the air
ladle|sink|UsedFor|transferring liquids
trout|eel|IsA|one syllable word
trombone|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
tractor|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
kidney|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
tap|mixer|UsedFor|water
parakeet|owl|CapableOf|be a household pet
nurse|mother|IsA|job or profession
shoulder|arm|CapableOf|carrying objects
window|floor|CapableOf|be opened/closed
wasp|ant|HasProperty|typically able to fly
typewriter|brush|CapableOf|writing
barrel|plate|UsedFor|storing wine
hose|stereo|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
doctor|cousin|IsA|profession
arm|tower|IsA|body part
frog|pony|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
seagull|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
hare|rabbit|HasA|long tail
woman|boy|HasProperty|female
beetle|frog|HasProperty|an insect
broccoli|lime|IsA|vegetable
tap|rock|IsA| kitchen appliance 
neck|lips|AtLocation|below mouth
caribou|elephant|HasA|horn
pipe|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
tape|mixer|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
jeans|blouse|IsA|worn on the lower body
stove|toilet|PartOf|kitchen appliance
pen|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
chisel|spatula|IsA|construction tool
pants|shirt|UsedFor|covering legs
fridge|door|IsA|electrical appliance
bar|fingers|PartOf|house
catfish|perch|IsA|name begging with c
violin|saxophone|MadeOf|strings
wasp|cat|HasProperty|an insect
prune|raspberry|HasA|single hard pit
squirrel|spider|CapableOf|jump
gown|pants|UsedFor|by mainly women
elephant|tiger|UsedFor|riding
nose|neck|IsA|(one of five) human senses
hand|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
faucet|fan|MadeOf|metal/steel
grapefruit|orange|IsA|fruit
alligator|hare|CapableOf|hunt other animals
ankle|arm|PartOf|lower body
pants|skirt|HasA|two seperate pant legs
chicken|potato|CapableOf|eating
fridge|kettle|CapableOf|make things cold
hose|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
otter|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
bison|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
lamp|necklace|MadeOf|glass
camel|hyena|UsedFor|crossing deserts
radio|microwave|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
church|cottage|UsedFor|religious gatherings
screws|grenade|UsedFor|shooting
bison|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
tap|radio|AtLocation|kitchen
frog|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
necklace|lamp|AtLocation|on neck
plum|cranberry|IsA|physical fruit or veg
jeans|blouse|AtLocation|on lower body
donkey|rabbit|UsedFor|food products
bridge|tent|IsA|permanent structure
fan|clamp|CapableOf|consume electricity
orange|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
dog|goat|IsA|typical pet
seagull|woodpecker|HasA|large wingspan
forearm|leg|AtLocation|upper body
toaster|fridge|UsedFor|heating items up
bacon|soup|HasProperty|meaty
steak|sugar|IsA|meat
prince|father|IsA|title
sister|princess|HasA|blood relation with you
banana|plum|HasProperty|yellow
finger|brow|IsA|(one of five) human senses
roof|neck|PartOf|house
chicken|onions|HasProperty|red
bed|toilet|HasProperty|in the bedroom
car|skateboard|IsA|powered vehicle
microwave|bed|UsedFor|making food
girl|actress|UsedFor|transportation
otter|squirrel|UsedFor|swimming
leg|wrist|AtLocation|below the waist 
hare|elk|IsA|herbivore
elbow|leg|IsA|limb
plug|tape|IsA|electric 
elephant|gorilla|IsA|has horns
fawn|rabbit|HasA|antlers/horns
avocado|peach|HasA|edible skin
bone|body|AtLocation|on the inside
butterfly|snail|CapableOf|fly
arm|ceiling|PartOf|human body
eye|leg|AtLocation|inside
mother|girlfriend|HasA|blood relationship with you
butter|bacon|HasProperty|a liquid
squid|eel|HasA|legs/tentacles 
crocodile|goat|IsA|teeth
deer|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
ship|saucer|UsedFor|transportation
kettle|microwave|CapableOf|hold water
kidney|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
ankle|arm|IsA|on the lower half 
milk|bean|IsA|diary food
clamp|rock|MadeOf|metal/steel
wife|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
bottle|bucket|CapableOf|be held to drink
blouse|pants|HasA|sleeves
carpet|door|CapableOf|be used to sleep
neck|floor|PartOf|human body
blender|colander|HasA|electrical parts
frog|dog|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
tuba|accordion|IsA|brass instrument
cabin|church|HasProperty|a place where people live
pliers|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
eye|ankle|PartOf|the images displayed
raft|truck|AtLocation|in water
grapefruit|raspberry|HasA|peel
bed|gate|HasA|start with a b
roof|bathroom|AtLocation|above your head in general
coyote|fawn|IsA|predator
king|uncle|IsA|royalty
coat|pants|HasA|sleeves
butter|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
mixer|wheel|AtLocation|at an electronics store
tank|plate|CapableOf|used in war
leopard|cougar|IsA|type of cat
cupboard|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
snail|iguana|HasA|a shell
beetle|snail|HasA|legs, six or more
caribou|giraffe|HasA|antlers/tusks
meat|potatoes|MadeOf|several ingredients
neck|hand|AtLocation|on furniture
cranberry|garlic|IsA|fruit
nurse|girl|IsA|job or profession
bucket|pot|HasA|handle
cat|cow|HasA|fur
yacht|tractor|AtLocation|in water
tent|house|AtLocation|at your home
cat|rabbit|UsedFor|food products
bathroom|neck|PartOf|house
pony|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
mirror|thermometer|AtLocation|on a wall or ceiling
hand|bathroom|IsA|body part
doctor|daughter|HasProperty|male
buffalo|bison|HasA|antlers/tusks
frog|caterpillar|AtLocation|nature
truck|skis|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
door|carpet|CapableOf|open/close
boy|wife|HasProperty|male
tiger|buffalo|IsA|like a cat
ant|worm|HasProperty|an insect
truck|bike|HasA|an engine
girlfriend|father|HasProperty|female
radio|magazine|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
fawn|coyote|HasA|hooves
gun|rope|CapableOf|be launched/fired
coat|thermometer|CapableOf|be worn
hose|rocker|UsedFor|a vehicle
paintbrush|pen|HasA|bushy tail
tower|arm|PartOf|house
jeans|coat|AtLocation|on lower body
shield|umbrella|IsA|logo
hand|neck|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
cow|bison|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
tape|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
radio|plug|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
hose|plate|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
oven|fridge|UsedFor|cooking food
banana|plum|HasA|yellow color
neck|ankle|IsA|upper body part
scooter|canoe|HasA|wheels
cherry|cranberry|HasA|stone 
neck|deck|PartOf|body
raccoon|rabbit|CapableOf|climb on tree
shirt|trousers|HasA|sleeves
trout|salmon|IsA|one syllable word
coat|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
deer|porcupine|PartOf|herd
trousers|sack|UsedFor|covering legs
butterfly|beetle|HasA|no legs
squirrel|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
dress|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
lantern|mirror|CapableOf|give off light/glow
cucumber|olive|IsA|vegetable
guitar|piano|PartOf|strings
goat|tiger|AtLocation|on a farm 
cousin|girl|IsA|male
roof|leg|IsA|part of a building
leg|tower|PartOf|body
wheel|skis|PartOf|bicycle
bottle|tray|MadeOf|metal
yacht|truck|AtLocation|in water
mother|boy|HasProperty|female
door|wall|MadeOf|wood typically
sandwich|bacon|HasA|vegetable(s)
doctor|girl|IsA|occupation
liver|arm|IsA|limb
jeans|shirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
elephant|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
lobster|trout|HasA|shell
window|tower|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
bison|pony|IsA|carnivore 
liquor|bean|IsA|liquid
forearm|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
shirt|sack|IsA|item of clothing
wife|cousin|IsA|family member
leg|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
spear|willow|IsA|weapon
cello|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
boat|helicopter|CapableOf|float 
butterfly|frog|HasProperty|an insect
deck|arm|PartOf|building
snail|rattlesnake|HasA|a shell
caribou|hyena|UsedFor|travel
rabbit|otter|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
gun|rocket|CapableOf|used in war
boy|princess|HasProperty|male
chapel|bed|IsA|religious place
hyena|crocodile|IsA|type of big cat
shirt|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
airplane|balloon|CapableOf|fly
banana|pear|UsedFor|smoothies
elbow|arm|IsA|joint
avocado|beans|IsA|green vegetable
soup|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
bed|church|IsA|component of a home
rocker|rock|CapableOf|be turned on
muscle|toe|AtLocation|inside
truck|wheel|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
sugar|meat|MadeOf|cup
vulture|duck|HasA|large wingspan
tiger|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
bed|bungalow|AtLocation|at your home
barrel|pipe|UsedFor|storing wine
bolts|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
neck|walls|PartOf|human body
otter|mink|HasA|webbed and clawed feet
fridge|spoon|IsA|electric powered item
man|aunt|HasProperty|male
grapefruit|garlic|AtLocation|on a tree or bush
gown|jacket|AtLocation|over your knees
finger|window|PartOf|body
leopard|caribou|IsA|predator 
paintbrush|crayon|UsedFor|brushing
donkey|cow|UsedFor|riding
bagpipe|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
raccoon|mole|AtLocation|water usually
dress|boots|IsA|typically female clothing item
arm|deck|PartOf|human body
lantern|necklace|MadeOf|/contain glass
jacket|pants|HasA|sleeves
neck|blood|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
deer|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
tongue|finger|HasProperty|used for tasting
jeep|scooter|HasProperty|consuming fuel
moth|cat|IsA|insect
mink|plastic|MadeOf|animals or plants
coyote|porcupine|IsA|predator
camel|sheep|UsedFor|riding
rifle|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
tuba|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
tap|magazine|CapableOf|be turned on
mixer|rocker|CapableOf|consume electricity
scissors|pencil|CapableOf|be used for hair
room|tower|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
typewriter|crayon|HasA|keyboard
finger|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
elk|cougar|HasA|horn
ankle|wrist|AtLocation|below waist
roof|window|AtLocation|on the outside of building
boots|jacket|CapableOf|keep legs warm
crocodile|iguana|AtLocation|in a river 
falcon|duck|HasA|large wingspan
razor|paintbrush|HasA|sharp cutting edge
stereo|mixer|CapableOf|directly make sound(using speakers)
truck|wheel|HasA|engine
saxophone|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
tank|rope|CapableOf|use electricity
tape|plug|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
razor|chisel|UsedFor|grooming
crocodile|deer|HasProperty|carnivorous
pants|socks|UsedFor|covering legs
eagle|pigeon|CapableOf|attack others
brush|crayon|CapableOf|be used for hair
hare|otter|IsA|animal with long ears
jacket|sack|IsA|item of clothing
eagle|duck|HasA|large wing span
cannon|hose|CapableOf|used in war
doctor|girlfriend|HasProperty|male
knees|elbow|IsA|plural
nurse|cousin|IsA|profession
wasp|squirrel|IsA|bug
wheel|magazine|MadeOf|metal/steel
son|uncle|IsA|child
fawn|rabbit|HasA|horn
lemon|corn|IsA|fruit
shirt|shoes|AtLocation|on your upper torso
toe|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
mink|hare|CapableOf|live in water
stork|kite|HasProperty|usually mostly white colored
mackerel|squid|HasA|fins
lemon|celery|IsA|fruit
groundhog|hare|CapableOf|climb trees
bathroom|tower|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
horse|crocodile|HasA|horn
tank|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
walls|tower|PartOf|house
chicken|onions|IsA|meat or animal
bed|church|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
candle|cigarette|MadeOf|/contain glass
drill|spatula|AtLocation|in a toolbox
aunt|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
hose|stereo|UsedFor|water
airplane|ship|AtLocation|in the air
pants|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
tape|magazine|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
truck|boat|UsedFor|land suitable one
grenade|cannon|IsA|vessel
frog|donkey|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
clock|cigarette|CapableOf|display information (time/temperature)
dress|candle|CapableOf|be worn
crayon|typewriter|HasA|wax
leg|hand|HasProperty|below the waist 
bed|oven|HasProperty|in the bedroom
boat|sailboat|HasA|motor
pipe|tank|AtLocation|at home
leg|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
barrel|tank|HasProperty|circular
camel|rabbit|AtLocation|jungle
plate|pipe|HasProperty|part of a car
shoes|skirt|AtLocation|foot
alligator|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
jet|saucer|HasA|wings
toaster|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
thigh|shoulder|HasProperty|below the waist 
father|daughter|IsA|male
house|hut|IsA|place to live permanently
chandelier|cigarette|UsedFor|providing light
turtle|spider|HasProperty|four-legged
bacon|salad|HasProperty|a single item
sailboat|bike|AtLocation|in water
ship|helicopter|AtLocation|on water
cupboard|wall|MadeOf|wood
trumpet|banjo|CapableOf|be blown into
pear|plum|HasA|peel
tray|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
cherry|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
window|arm|PartOf|house
kettle|spoon|HasProperty|consuming electricity
muscle|toe|IsA|limb
worker|mother|HasProperty|male
mother|boy|HasProperty|a female
crayon|comb|AtLocation|construction site
princess|nurse|IsA|female (strictly)
pencil|comb|UsedFor|writing/drawing
forearm|knee|PartOf|the upper body
dishwasher|door|CapableOf|be plugged in
elbow|ankle|PartOf|upper body
turtle|rattlesnake|HasA| 4 limbs
toaster|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
microwave|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
bathroom|bar|PartOf|house
neck|blood|IsA|limb
clarinet|piano|CapableOf|be played with mouth
glass|metal|CapableOf|hold water
radio|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
necklace|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
neck|leg|PartOf|upper body
stereo|tape|IsA|related to music 
hawk|pigeon|CapableOf|attack others
knee|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
barrel|rifle|UsedFor|daily usage 
gown|shoes|HasA|sleeves
jacket|bag|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
duck|starling|CapableOf|be a household pet
squid|zebra|AtLocation|at sea
barn|house|HasA|start with a b
lobster|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
tower|arm|IsA|part of a building
elephant|cougar|HasA|horns 
knees|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
trombone|flute|MadeOf|brass
ankle|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
hand|knees|PartOf|the upper body
pony|crocodile|UsedFor|riding
donkey|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
grenade|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
neck|ankle|PartOf|the upper body
neck|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
cucumber|coconut|IsA|vegetable
pelican|hawk|PartOf|wild life
bed|curtains|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
sink|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
neck|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
trousers|jacket|CapableOf|keep legs warm
strawberry|pear|IsA|red  or orang
lamb|onions|HasProperty|furry
cat|elephant|HasA|fur
tape|faucet|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
shoes|shirt|AtLocation|on your feet
mixer|wheel|IsA|related to music 
truck|raft|HasA|wheels
tiger|frog|HasA|fur
tractor|raft|HasA|wheels
elephant|snail|HasA|legs
octopus|chicken|IsA|water animal
gown|trousers|HasA|sleeves
rabbit|potato|HasProperty|furry
rifle|bolts|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
pipe|screws|CapableOf|hold water
tap|stereo|CapableOf|work without electricity
foot|finger|AtLocation|on lower body
truck|bike|CapableOf|hold more than one person
arm|liver|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
moth|turtle|CapableOf|flying
tomato|olive|IsA|fruit
boat|car|AtLocation|in water
gun|bolts|IsA|firearm
ankle|fingers|AtLocation|below waist
gun|screws|CapableOf|used in war
stereo|magazine|AtLocation|at an electronics store
pliers|crayon|IsA|construction tool
coyote|skunk|IsA|predator
whisky|salad|IsA|liquid
cannon|barrel|HasA|wheels
sister|princess|PartOf|close blood relative
truck|yacht|CapableOf|hold more than one person
pen|brush|UsedFor|writing
crocodile|horse|CapableOf|fly
cheese|lime|HasA|eatable shell or peel
shield|umbrella|UsedFor|protection
shoes|pants|AtLocation|foot
blender|spoon|HasProperty|using electricity
ceiling|arm|PartOf|building
roof|arm|PartOf|building
bathroom|neck|PartOf|room
wrist|fingers|IsA|joint
wife|aunt|IsA|direct or immediate relation
sheep|elephant|AtLocation|on a farm 
drill|knife|IsA|construction tool
caterpillar|worm|HasA|legs, six or more
walls|neck|PartOf|house
snail|turtle|HasProperty|an insect
cupboard|fridge|AtLocation|on a countertop
onions|orange|IsA|vegetable
mother|man|HasA|color
elk|camel|HasA|horn
worm|snail|IsA|insect
wheel|skis|HasA|wheels
squirrel|hare|AtLocation|water usually
peach|strawberry|HasA|stone 
plastic|glass|CapableOf|burn
bucket|spoon|HasA|handle
faucet|rock|CapableOf|provide water
fingers|ceiling|IsA|body part
butter|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
shoulder|hand|HasA|less than three joints
cat|mouse|CapableOf|jump
strawberry|orange|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
daughter|boy|HasA|blood relationship with you
alligator|beaver|HasProperty|living in water
skirt|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
camel|deer|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
cathedral|house|IsA|public building (typically)
raft|skis|CapableOf|carry multiple people
scarf|cigarette|IsA|item of clothing
toe|shoulder|UsedFor|walking
wasp|caterpillar|CapableOf|flying
hand|fingers|PartOf|pair/no more than two
pineapple|lemon|IsA|physical fruit or veg
bag|trousers|AtLocation|on your upper torso
rattlesnake|porcupine|CapableOf|hunt other animals
spade|bed|IsA|weapon 
deer|tiger|HasA|big horns/tusk
neck|bathroom|IsA|body part
rabbit|mouse|CapableOf|jump
boat|skis|MadeOf|metal
woman|mother|HasA|friends on it
cherry|beans|IsA|fruit
pipe|tank|UsedFor|harm
fan|magazine|UsedFor|electronic uses
aunt|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
ladle|colander|CapableOf|hold water
cat|turtle|HasProperty|furry
wheel|skateboard|MadeOf|metal
hose|tap|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
rocker|hose|CapableOf|make sound
coat|clock|IsA|item of clothing
rabbit|mouse|IsA|common pet
pipe|rocket|IsA|vessel
candle|scarf|UsedFor|providing light
clamp|screws|UsedFor|restraining things
door|carpet|MadeOf|wood
plum|pear|HasA|big seed
alligator|skunk|CapableOf|live in water
deck|window|PartOf|room
jacket|banner|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
bed|carpet|MadeOf|wood
fridge|cupboard|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
saxophone|piano|CapableOf|be played with mouth
neck|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
hose|mixer|CapableOf|provide water
rabbit|deer|CapableOf|be held 
trousers|blouse|PartOf|lower waistline
ceiling|deck|AtLocation|above your head in general
butterfly|worm|CapableOf|flying
zebra|giraffe|HasA|stripes
plug|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
barrel|gun|UsedFor|harm
trombone|accordion|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
typewriter|stick|UsedFor|writing
stereo|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
skirt|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
wife|doctor|IsA|female (strictly)
spoon|colander|CapableOf|be held in your hand
fingers|forearm|PartOf|hands(including wrist)
tower|room|AtLocation|outside of a home
worker|mother|HasA|head
rattlesnake|mink|AtLocation|underground
bike|sailboat|HasA|wheels
blender|sink|HasProperty|consuming electricity
blouse|thermometer|IsA|item of clothing
shoulder|neck|HasA|less than three joints
elephant|camel|HasA|horn or antler
tank|rocket|UsedFor|shooting
pants|coat|PartOf|lower waistline
tank|screws|CapableOf|used in war
octopus|mackerel|HasA|legs
jeep|canoe|MadeOf|metal
squirrel|caterpillar|AtLocation|nature
finger|tower|IsA|body part
balloon|jet|HasA|the ability to fly
thigh|forearm|AtLocation|on lower body
mixer|fan|AtLocation|kitchen
tap|wheel|CapableOf|be turned on
hand|toe|HasProperty|something humans have two of
deer|porcupine|HasA|horn
belt|hose|UsedFor|restraining things
crocodile|pony|HasProperty|carnivorous
tomato|coconut|HasA|seeds
cherry|garlic|HasA|single hard pit
wasp|worm|CapableOf|fly 
beer|bacon|IsA|liquid
cupboard|door|CapableOf|contain items
wine|soup|UsedFor|drinking
kettle|colander|IsA|electric powered item
toe|arm|AtLocation|below the waist 
bed|cottage|AtLocation|at your home
rattlesnake|skunk|CapableOf|hunt other animals
screwdriver|pen|IsA|construction tool
cheetah|caribou|IsA|predator 
crayon|chisel|UsedFor|writing/drawing
broccoli|beans|IsA|green vegetable
arm|toe|HasProperty|upper body
paintbrush|typewriter|UsedFor|writing/drawing
screws|gun|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
mixer|fan|CapableOf|make sound
saxophone|violin|IsA|wind instrument
scarf|dress|IsA|accessory
elephant|buffalo|IsA|has horns
meat|butter|HasA|green label
floor|roof|PartOf|garage
crayon|brush|CapableOf|writing
window|tower|CapableOf|be opened/closed
rabbit|elephant|PartOf|jumping
shoulder|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
shirt|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
brush|screwdriver|UsedFor|hair
frog|goat|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
king|cousin|IsA|direct relation with you
banjo|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
elbow|thigh|AtLocation|upper body
cat|spider|HasA|tail
pipe|wheel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
hose|rope|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
elk|cougar|HasA|horn or antler
garlic|broccoli|IsA|purple vegetable
boat|bowl|UsedFor|transportation
meat|potatoes|IsA|colour red
salmon|crab|IsA|fish
cat|horse|UsedFor|food products
squid|zebra|IsA|water animal
toe|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
mink|beaver|IsA|rodent
arm|ankle|HasProperty|upper body
bolts|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
crocodile|elephant|AtLocation|jungle
dress|shoes|HasA|sleeves
tractor|buggy|UsedFor|farming
mackerel|asparagus|IsA|fish
jeans|skirt|PartOf|pair
banjo|clarinet|CapableOf|easily carried around
cougar|caribou|IsA|violent creature
church|house|IsA|public building (typically)
forearm|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
alligator|snail|IsA|amphibian
scooter|canoe|UsedFor|land suitable one
pencil|brush|UsedFor|writing/drawing
ceiling|arm|PartOf|room
avocado|corn|IsA|fruit
magazine|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
blouse|coat|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
steak|soup|HasProperty|a single item
cupboard|sofa|MadeOf|wood
pencil|comb|CapableOf|writing
hand|elbow|HasA|more than one joint
stove|sink|IsA|electrical appliance
roof|arm|IsA|part of a building
buggy|boat|HasA|wheels
worker|princess|HasProperty|male
bungalow|cottage|HasA|start with a b
radio|oven|UsedFor|broadcasting signals 
dishwasher|sink|IsA|automatic (works itself)
spoon|kettle|CapableOf|scoop things
buzzard|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
cupboard|wall|UsedFor|storage
squirrel|elk|CapableOf|be held 
wife|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
drill|plate|UsedFor|building
bag|jeans|AtLocation|on your upper torso
jeep|scooter|CapableOf|carry multiple people
worm|cat|IsA|bug
kite|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
liver|ankle|IsA|limb
wasp|worm|HasProperty|typically able to fly
onions|eggplant|UsedFor|flavoring/condimenting dishes (usually)
trousers|sack|PartOf|lower waistline
pelican|pigeon|AtLocation|at a beach
toe|skin|AtLocation|below your waist
tape|stereo|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
hose|barrel|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
tractor|yacht|UsedFor|land suitable one
skirt|tray|IsA|item of clothing
nail|kidney|IsA|organ
cannon|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
alligator|snail|IsA|reptile
mink|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
mug|bottle|HasA|handle
spoon|dishwasher|CapableOf|scoop things
actress|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
bike|wheel|UsedFor|single person transport
nurse|mother|HasProperty|a picture of a female
horse|tiger|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
sister|actress|PartOf|close blood relative
scissors|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
shoulder|hand|IsA|joint
beaver|coyote|CapableOf|live in water
bungalow|hut|HasA|start with a b
jeans|gown|HasProperty|worn below the waist
bison|camel|HasA|hooves
bathroom|ceiling|CapableOf|be opened/closed
rocker|bolts|CapableOf|be turned on
mink|skunk|IsA|rodent
buffalo|gorilla|HasA|hooves
hand|finger|PartOf|pair/no more than two
buffalo|tiger|HasA|horn or antler
comb|spatula|CapableOf|be used for hair
bagpipe|piano|IsA|wind instrument
fan|tape|AtLocation|at an electronics store
groundhog|porcupine|HasProperty|originated from north america
deer|mink|HasA|horn
grenade|tank|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
elk|leopard|HasA|antlers or tusks
chicken|crab|AtLocation|on a farm
leg|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
tomato|onions|HasA|seeds
jacket|umbrella|HasProperty|something that can be worn
rabbit|pony|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
goat|camel|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
fridge|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
finger|neck|HasA|less than three joints
microwave|freezer|AtLocation|on a countertop
eggplant|beans|IsA|purple vegetable
brush|stick|CapableOf|be used for hair
trumpet|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
necklace|candle|HasProperty|something to be worn
plug|rocker|HasProperty|round shaped
bacon|meal|HasProperty|a single item
leg|nail|IsA|part of the skeleton
squid|shrimp|IsA|mollusk
aunt|father|CapableOf|become pregnant 
tray|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
jeep|scooter|CapableOf|hold more than one person
cherry|prune|HasProperty|red
cousin|actress|PartOf|your family
ankle|leg|IsA|joint
ankle|body|AtLocation|below the knee
kettle|ladle|IsA|appliance
princess|boy|IsA|female (strictly)
cherry|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
celery|orange|IsA|vegetable
cow|cat|IsA|teeth
blouse|socks|AtLocation|on your upper torso
wasp|caterpillar|CapableOf|fly
trumpet|clarinet|MadeOf|brass
raspberry|pear|IsA|berry
banjo|saxophone|CapableOf|easily carried around
knees|elbow|AtLocation|below waist
celery|eggplant|HasProperty|green
throat|lips|AtLocation|below mouth
blouse|bag|HasA|sleeves
kettle|tray|UsedFor|heating items up
helicopter|saucer|HasA|the ability to fly
fingers|finger|IsA|plural
ceiling|roof|CapableOf|let in air
bone|eye|AtLocation|on the inside
nose|throat|IsA|(one of five) human senses
rope|rock|UsedFor|a vehicle
harmonica|violin|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
coconut|cranberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
flea|frog|IsA|bug
radio|hose|IsA|electric 
ankle|fingers|HasProperty|below the waist 
catfish|chicken|IsA|fish
wheel|hose|PartOf|tire
pineapple|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
raspberry|banana|IsA|red  or orang
socks|boots|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
butterfly|flea|CapableOf|fly
lips|throat|PartOf|makeup regimen
house|cabin|HasProperty|a black and white picture
tower|window|HasA|diagram on it
hawk|pelican|CapableOf|attack others
hair|bone|IsA|limb
elbow|hand|IsA|specific joint
shrimp|catfish|HasA|shell
cathedral|cottage|UsedFor|a place of worship
cottage|church|HasProperty|a place where people live
banana|peach|HasProperty|yellow
tower|ceiling|HasA|diagram on it
barrel|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
spatula|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
duck|potato|IsA|meat or animal
flute|trumpet|HasA|reed to make it work
king|brother|IsA|royalty
rifle|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
mixer|clamp|CapableOf|make sound
neck|foot|AtLocation|upper body
princess|woman|IsA|occupation
blouse|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
clamp|rope|HasProperty|round shaped
raccoon|beaver|HasProperty|originated from north america
cat|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
cat|goat|CapableOf|be kept inside a bedroom
wife|nurse|IsA|female (strictly)
arm|leg|AtLocation|in your upper body
stereo|fan|IsA|digital device
bed|cabin|AtLocation|at your home
horse|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
beetle|squirrel|IsA|insect
socks|trousers|AtLocation|on your feet
buggy|sailboat|HasA|an engine
celery|corn|HasProperty|green (most part)
raspberry|garlic|IsA|fruit
lime|cherry|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
kettle|blender|UsedFor|heating items up
giraffe|crocodile|HasA|hooves
wasp|snail|IsA|insect
father|daughter|HasProperty|royalty
tiger|bison|IsA|type of big cat
father|woman|HasProperty|male
ox|elk|AtLocation|in hot climates 
jacket|skirt|HasA|sleeves
boy|mother|IsA|male
alligator|porcupine|CapableOf|live in water
banana|pear|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
floor|window|UsedFor|tiling
pineapple|avocado|IsA|fruit
car|scooter|CapableOf|hold more than one person
gate|apartment|IsA|component of a home
eggplant|corn|UsedFor|meat replacement
tap|plug|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
celery|eggplant|HasProperty|something people usually eat raw
crocodile|snail|HasA|legs
fan|clamp|CapableOf|be turned on
grapefruit|pineapple|IsA|red  or orang
butterfly|rattlesnake|IsA|insect
stereo|clamp|AtLocation|at an electronics store
tuba|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
stereo|faucet|UsedFor|music related entertainment
cupboard|bed|CapableOf|contain items
radio|magazine|IsA|electric 
lamp|tray|CapableOf|generate light
blender|sink|HasProperty|using electricity
shoulder|toe|AtLocation|upper body
pen|typewriter|AtLocation|construction site
pliers|knife|IsA|construction tool
avocado|olive|HasProperty|green
skirt|pants|UsedFor|by mainly women
trombone|accordion|IsA|brass instrument
sink|colander|CapableOf|hold water
shoulder|toe|IsA|joint
daughter|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
coconut|orange|IsA|fruit
knee|elbow|PartOf|the lower body
arm|knees|AtLocation|upper body
cat|bison|HasProperty|carnivorous
sheep|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
gown|socks|AtLocation|above the feet
alligator|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
buggy|raft|HasA|wheels
toe|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
leopard|zebra|IsA|type of cat
wrist|neck|UsedFor|waving
stove|door|IsA|electrical appliance
stove|sink|UsedFor|making food
shrimp|octopus|HasA|shell
house|apartment|HasA| 5 letters or less
eggplant|celery|UsedFor|meat replacement
bungalow|tent|IsA|permanent structure
dress|clock|IsA|item of clothing
foot|wrist|HasProperty|below the waist 
crayon|paintbrush|HasA|wax
lantern|lamp|MadeOf|metal
scissors|chisel|UsedFor|crafts
thigh|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
flute|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
grenade|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
alligator|hare|IsA|predator
spoon|mug|MadeOf|metal
beetle|worm|HasA|wings
goat|pony|UsedFor|a source of milk
stereo|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
trumpet|saxophone|HasA|3 buttons exactly
eye|elbow|AtLocation|inside
stereo|plug|HasA|string or line
car|scooter|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
chisel|razor|IsA|construction tool
screwdriver|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
neck|hair|HasA|bones
deck|arm|PartOf|house
rabbit|elephant|IsA|common pet
faucet|rock|HasA|a type of metal
bed|tent|IsA|permanent structure
mixer|plug|CapableOf|make sound
rope|tank|CapableOf|be used in home
body|kidney|HasA|bones
orange|pineapple|IsA|citrus fruit
chapel|gate|HasProperty|a black and white picture
typewriter|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
microwave|stove|AtLocation|on a countertop
stove|cupboard|CapableOf|be plugged in
rifle|plate|UsedFor|shooting
tray|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
bathroom|fingers|PartOf|building
ladle|kettle|MadeOf|steel mostly
cow|frog|HasA|tail
floor|leg|PartOf|house
giraffe|cart|HasA|long neck
finger|hand|HasProperty|something people have ten of
deer|rattlesnake|HasA|hair/fur
jeans|boots|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
window|roof|AtLocation|inside of an apartment
raspberry|garlic|IsA|red  or orang
crayon|drill|UsedFor|writing/drawing
gun|barrel|IsA|weapon
dress|skirt|HasA|sleeves
microwave|tray|IsA|electrical appliance
toe|neck|AtLocation|below waist
groundhog|mink|CapableOf|go underground
foot|body|AtLocation|below your waist
clamp|bolts|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
celery|garlic|HasProperty|green (most part)
goat|onions|IsA|meat or animal
deer|camel|HasA|horn
mother|princess|IsA|direct relation
vulture|pigeon|HasProperty|a predator
eye|muscle|HasA|bones
faucet|wheel|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
crocodile|turtle|IsA|reptile
hose|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
tower|fingers|IsA|part of a building
zebra|tiger|AtLocation|in africa
chicken|mackerel|HasA|legs
mink|hare|CapableOf|climb on tree
foot|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
coyote|squirrel|IsA|predator
moth|caterpillar|HasA|wings
bacon|potatoes|IsA|meat
bedroom|cottage|HasA|start with a b
snail|turtle|MadeOf|small animals
hawk|dove|HasProperty|a predator
mixer|stereo|HasA|a type of metal
broccoli|avocado|IsA|green vegetable 
tape|rock|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
comb|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
finger|deck|PartOf|human body
blender|cupboard|UsedFor|making food
son|cousin|IsA|direct relation
elbow|neck|UsedFor|a fight
sink|ladle|UsedFor|washing dishes
eel|asparagus|HasA|red shell when cooked
trombone|flute|IsA|brass instrument
camel|crocodile|HasProperty|fluffy
cat|donkey|HasProperty|carnivorous
milk|sandwich|HasProperty|a liquid
alligator|rattlesnake|CapableOf|live in water
guitar|harmonica|CapableOf|easily carried around
crocodile|camel|CapableOf|bite
coconut|lemon|HasA|hard shell
celery|eggplant|IsA|green vegetable
toe|shoulder|HasProperty|lower body
razor|spatula|CapableOf|be used for hair
sandwich|steak|HasProperty|two syllables
trumpet|accordion|IsA|brass instrument
faucet|radio|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
jeans|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
turtle|worm|HasProperty|four-legged
alligator|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
necklace|skirt|HasProperty|worn on the neck
leg|window|IsA|body part
fridge|door|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
microwave|cupboard|UsedFor|heating items up
pants|dress|CapableOf|keep legs warm
arm|floor|PartOf|human body
alligator|raccoon|HasProperty|living in water
coat|dress|HasA|long sleeves
rock|rope|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
dog|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
hand|fingers|MadeOf|a whole body part
goat|pony|HasProperty|used for milk for humans
hare|skunk|HasA|long ear
radio|tap|UsedFor|electronic uses
skin|ankle|IsA|limb
clarinet|guitar|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
pants|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
flute|trumpet|PartOf|woodwind
skin|body|AtLocation|below the knee
bedroom|tent|HasA|start with a b
hare|skunk|IsA|herbivore
plug|hose|HasProperty|round shaped
sheep|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
buggy|skateboard|CapableOf|hold more than one person
tap|plug|CapableOf|provide water
cherry|avocado|HasProperty|red
walls|bathroom|PartOf|garage
deck|leg|PartOf|building
crocodile|squirrel|IsA|amphibian
princess|daughter|IsA|profession
duck|stork|CapableOf|be a household pet
aunt|cousin|IsA|family member
pepper|garlic|IsA|vegetable
flea|snail|IsA|insect
gun|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
cat|worm|PartOf|water
dishwasher|fridge|UsedFor|washing dishes
trumpet|cello|IsA|wind instrument
hose|tape|UsedFor|water
liquor|sugar|HasProperty|a liquid
nose|throat|PartOf|makeup regimen
plate|tank|AtLocation|at home
bolts|tap|MadeOf|metal/steel
aunt|man|IsA|family member
coconut|raspberry|HasA|usually inedible skin
elbow|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
elephant|cart|IsA|an animal
screws|pistol|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
shoulder|ankle|PartOf|upper body
gate|cottage|IsA|4 letter word
salmon|asparagus|IsA|fish
bag|sack|AtLocation|on your upper torso
grenade|bolts|HasProperty|made for violence
barn|apartment|HasA|start with a b
elephant|gorilla|HasA|antlers/tusks
violin|tuba|CapableOf|easily carried around
barrel|tank|UsedFor|harm
drill|comb|IsA|construction tool
elk|mole|HasA|horn
rattlesnake|iguana|HasProperty|dangerous
pipe|pistol|UsedFor|harm
strawberry|garlic|IsA|berry
prune|banana|HasA|single hard pit
window|roof|PartOf|a house
hawk|stork|HasProperty|a predator
elbow|neck|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
deck|fingers|PartOf|room
wrist|knee|AtLocation|in your upper body
tray|oven|AtLocation|on a countertop
scarf|thermometer|IsA|hospital equipment
pistol|screws|CapableOf|used in war
fridge|stove|UsedFor|storing food 
ceiling|bathroom|PartOf|room
groundhog|mole|CapableOf|climb trees
shoulder|leg|PartOf|the upper body
rabbit|mink|AtLocation|underground
grapefruit|pear|IsA|citrus fruit
cloak|skirt|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
plug|rock|AtLocation|at an electronics store
hose|plug|UsedFor|dispensing water
dress|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
kettle|fridge|CapableOf|fit a puppy inside
boots|coat|AtLocation|on your feet
jeans|jacket|HasProperty|worn below the waist
fingers|elbow|HasA|more than one joint
deck|neck|IsA|part of a building
avocado|raspberry|HasA|peel
ladle|sink|CapableOf|be held in your hand
woman|wife|HasProperty|two syllables
cow|crocodile|AtLocation|on a farm 
goat|tomato|HasProperty|furry
carpet|cupboard|HasA|largest dimension parallel to floor
truck|canoe|MadeOf|metal
mink|raccoon|CapableOf|live in water
whisky|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
coat|sack|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
whisky|sugar|IsA|liquid
aunt|boy|CapableOf|become pregnant 
sister|cousin|IsA|direct or immediate relation
blender|tray|CapableOf|be plugged in
bison|elephant|HasA|horn
truck|skateboard|HasA|engine
avocado|orange|HasA|single hard pit
bed|house|AtLocation|at your home
cod|eel|HasA|fins
skirt|trousers|UsedFor|by mainly women
rocker|hose|UsedFor|music related entertainment
moth|rattlesnake|CapableOf|flying
beer|soup|UsedFor|drinking
grenade|cannon|CapableOf|lifted by one hand
worker|daughter|HasProperty|royalty
arm|leg|IsA|upper body part
arm|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
mink|rabbit|HasProperty|living in water
lobster|trout|HasA|legs
olive|beans|IsA|fruit
cart|elephant|IsA|object
finger|walls|IsA|body part
blender|toilet|IsA|electrical appliance
prince|daughter|AtLocation|in a royal family
hose|mixer|CapableOf|be wrapped around something
woman|doctor|HasProperty|exclusively female
hand|tower|PartOf|human body
lime|pepper|HasProperty|green
tuna|salmon|CapableOf|come in a tin
radio|wheel|UsedFor|electronic uses
eagle|starling|HasProperty|a predator
hose|tape|HasA|a type of metal
pipe|rocket|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
faucet|stereo|UsedFor|water
kidney|eye|IsA|limb
rocker|fan|IsA|related to music 
ankle|elbow|AtLocation|on lower body
bayonet|spade|IsA|weapon
mixer|plug|CapableOf|make or play music
buggy|yacht|CapableOf|hold more than one person
liquor|sauce|HasProperty|alcoholic
hawk|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
pliers|spatula|AtLocation|typically at a construction site
wrist|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
dog|tiger|IsA|typical pet
wheel|fan|MadeOf|metal/steel
tuba|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
car|skateboard|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
jeep|yacht|CapableOf|hold more than one person
rifle|rocket|CapableOf|be used in home
skateboard|raft|CapableOf|roll
blood|neck|AtLocation|on the inside
church|gate|IsA|religious place
banana|garlic|HasA|usually inedible skin
hose|pistol|UsedFor|daily usage 
grenade|cannon|IsA|hand-held weapon
radio|rock|UsedFor|electronic uses
harpsichord|trombone|MadeOf|strings
perch|octopus|HasA|fins
wheel|rope|MadeOf|metal/steel
elbow|ankle|MadeOf|upper body parts
ceiling|window|CapableOf|be shattered 
hare|fawn|IsA|herbivore
worker|daughter|IsA|male
frog|elephant|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
wrist|forearm|AtLocation|below where a watch is
rattlesnake|skunk|AtLocation|underground
onions|lamb|IsA|fruit or vegetable
wife|actress|HasA|marital relationship with you
bolts|faucet|UsedFor|a vehicle
drill|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
deer|mink|HasA|antlers/horns
beer|bean|HasProperty|a liquid
donkey|deer|UsedFor|human transport
fan|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
salmon|chicken|HasA|fins
fingers|wrist|HasA|more than one joint
knee|finger|HasProperty|below the waist 
radio|rope|AtLocation|at an electronics store
onions|avocado|IsA|vegetable
kettle|sink|IsA|appliance
blender|spoon|HasProperty|consuming electricity
daughter|father|HasProperty|exclusively female
father|daughter|HasProperty|male
squirrel|otter|IsA|this is more responsive heeyyy
foot|elbow|HasProperty|below the waist 
lantern|cigarette|UsedFor|lighting
banana|raspberry|IsA|long fruit
father|actress|IsA|family member
fingers|thigh|MadeOf|upper body parts
forearm|ankle|AtLocation|in your upper body
helicopter|ship|CapableOf|fly
radio|hose|IsA|related to music 
wife|actress|PartOf|your family
barrel|screws|CapableOf|hold water
radio|magazine|CapableOf|be turned on
bed|chapel|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
wrist|shoulder|PartOf|upper extremity(not including shoulders)
pencil|knife|CapableOf|writing
cherry|orange|IsA|fruit
brush|crayon|UsedFor|brushing
pen|razor|CapableOf|writing
forearm|foot|AtLocation|upper body
blender|dishwasher|AtLocation|on a countertop
father|princess|IsA|family member
turtle|snail|HasProperty|four-legged
beaver|hare|CapableOf|live in water
fridge|rock|UsedFor|cooling food
razor|drill|HasA|sharp cutting edge
plate|screws|CapableOf|hold water
butterfly|turtle|IsA|bug
cod|salmon|IsA|one syllable word
gate|inn|IsA|component of a home
vulture|buzzard|HasA|large wingspan
knee|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
saxophone|cello|CapableOf|usually be played  with mouth
plate|grenade|UsedFor|daily usage 
scissors|brush|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
elk|coyote|PartOf|herd
pants|coat|IsA|worn on the lower body
grapefruit|avocado|IsA|citrus fruit
grenade|screws|CapableOf|used in war
coat|skirt|HasA|sleeves
princess|aunt|IsA|profession
perch|asparagus|IsA|water animal
plate|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
wheelbarrow|shirt|IsA|an accessory
cod|eel|IsA|name begging with c
plate|pistol|IsA|vessel
mug|bucket|CapableOf|be held to drink
tape|tap|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
trousers|shoes|AtLocation|above the feet
skin|body|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
mink|coyote|HasProperty|living in water
pine|bed|IsA|tree
banjo|piano|MadeOf|strings
cat|turtle|PartOf|water
blender|toilet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
pipe|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
tank|truck|UsedFor|war
neck|toe|PartOf|the upper body
clarinet|banjo|IsA|wind instrument
seagull|duck|HasProperty|a predator
pants|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
elephant|bison|HasA|antlers/tusks
fan|rock|HasProperty|round shaped
arm|neck|PartOf|pair (comes in pairs)
skateboard|yacht|HasA|wheels
hose|clamp|AtLocation|kitchen
cousin|actress|HasA|blood relation with you
cow|pony|UsedFor|a source of milk
dog|deer|IsA|typical pet
brother|prince|IsA|direct relation with you
airplane|balloon|UsedFor|transportation
stereo|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
shoulder|forearm|IsA|specific joint
mink|skunk|AtLocation|water usually
coat|bag|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
room|arm|PartOf|room
oven|freezer|UsedFor|making food
peach|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
pistol|barrel|CapableOf|used in war
walls|window|UsedFor|tiling
cheetah|bison|IsA|type of cat
mother|wife|IsA|family member
girl|mother|UsedFor|transportation
mother|cousin|HasA|multiple people pictured
jeans|wheelbarrow|UsedFor|covering legs
dog|rabbit|UsedFor|food products
hand|tower|IsA|body part
squirrel|fawn|IsA|herbivore
grenade|rocket|HasA|trigger
leg|roof|PartOf|body
brother|king|HasProperty|a family member
violin|harmonica|HasA|keys
orange|avocado|IsA|red  or orang
forearm|neck|HasProperty|part of a pair, usually
rope|tap|UsedFor|restraining something/somebody
elbow|hair|HasA|bones
cousin|king|HasProperty|a family member
skateboard|raft|UsedFor|land suitable one
prune|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
banjo|trumpet|PartOf|strings
gun|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
trousers|shirt|PartOf|lower waistline
shotgun|barrel|IsA|weapon
tent|barn|AtLocation|at your home
sauce|chocolate|HasProperty|a liquid
knees|fingers|AtLocation|on lower body
olive|corn|HasProperty|green
elk|tiger|HasA|antlers or tusks
arm|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
muscle|eye|IsA|limb
goat|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
beaver|rabbit|CapableOf|live in water
neck|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
beetle|worm|CapableOf|fly
girl|boy|HasProperty|a female
pot|spoon|MadeOf|ceramic materials
airplane|ship|HasA|the ability to fly
arm|finger|MadeOf|a whole body part
boat|jet|CapableOf|float 
finger|leg|PartOf|upper body
gun|wheel|CapableOf|be launched/fired
moth|spider|HasA|wings
snail|rattlesnake|MadeOf|small animals
necklace|cigarette|CapableOf|be worn
sheep|pony|AtLocation|on a farm 
buffalo|zebra|HasA|horn
gun|tank|IsA|firearm
princess|girlfriend|HasProperty|royalty
pony|tiger|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
cherry|grapefruit|HasProperty|sweet
helicopter|boat|HasA|the ability to fly
hair|kidney|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
mixer|clamp|IsA|related to music 
arm|shoulder|HasA|more than one joint
boat|bike|HasProperty|consuming fuel
broccoli|onions|IsA|green vegetable 
kidney|hair|AtLocation|inside
flea|turtle|PartOf|water
microwave|sink|UsedFor|heating items up
gown|shirt|HasProperty|worn by woman (usually)
cow|pony|AtLocation|at the supermarket deli
actress|wife|IsA|profession
deer|porcupine|HasA|antlers/horns
fan|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
barrel|rocket|CapableOf|store or transport water
flute|clarinet|HasProperty|played with just breath
otter|squirrel|HasProperty|5 letters long
fingers|elbow|AtLocation|below where a watch is
camel|cat|UsedFor|human transport
sugar|butter|MadeOf|cup
leg|bar|IsA|body part
tiger|elephant|HasA|stripes
octopus|tuna|HasA|legs/tentacles 
lemon|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
inn|gate|IsA|public building (typically)
skirt|candle|IsA|item of clothing
bolts|rocket|AtLocation|in a toolbox
screwdriver|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
kettle|bed|CapableOf|be plugged in
leg|eye|IsA|part of the skeleton
blouse|umbrella|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
potato|lamb|IsA|fruit or vegetable
body|elbow|IsA|limb
tape|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
jeans|dress|HasProperty|worn below the waist
ant|caterpillar|AtLocation|nature
whisky|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
aunt|woman|HasA|a blood relation with you
cranberry|prune|AtLocation|be found on a bush
wasp|squirrel|CapableOf|flying
hare|otter|HasProperty|4 letters long
gun|screws|IsA|hand-held weapon
rabbit|onions|HasProperty|red
butterfly|squirrel|IsA|insect
actress|wife|HasProperty|two syllables
fingers|thigh|AtLocation|in your upper body
fawn|porcupine|HasA|hair/fur
hose|grenade|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
cathedral|gate|IsA|religion buildings
bed|cottage|IsA|component of a home
camel|tiger|UsedFor|riding
frog|cow|HasProperty|carnivorous
doctor|wife|IsA|profession
pistol|plate|CapableOf|used in war
alligator|rattlesnake|HasA|legs
gun|wheel|HasProperty|made for violence
window|tower|AtLocation|in your apartment
kettle|spoon|HasProperty|electrically powered
eel|mackerel|HasA|snake like body
necklace|coat|HasProperty|worn on the neck
rocket|pistol|UsedFor|harm
toe|thigh|PartOf|the upper body
bungalow|tent|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
fingers|toe|AtLocation|in your upper body
rifle|hose|CapableOf|used in war
radio|wheel|CapableOf|be turned on
magazine|clamp|UsedFor|music related entertainment
eye|neck|AtLocation|inside
shotgun|barrel|CapableOf|be held in a hand
beetle|snail|HasProperty|an insect
crayon|knife|UsedFor|drawing or painting
pony|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
cart|camel|IsA|object
rifle|drill|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
gun|plate|IsA|hand-held weapon
wrist|ankle|PartOf|upper body
microwave|toilet|UsedFor|making food
gun|rope|HasProperty|made for violence
cherry|pear|CapableOf|rhyme with ferry
building|barn|IsA|place to live permanently
stork|pigeon|HasA|large wingspan
clamp|stereo|HasProperty|round shaped
avocado|beans|IsA|fruit
bolts|plate|AtLocation|in a toolbox
jeans|shoes|CapableOf|keep 2 legs covered
eel|lobster|HasA|fins
boots|gown|AtLocation|on lower body
rocket|cannon|CapableOf|use electricity
violin|guitar|HasProperty|played with a bow
garlic|corn|IsA|fruit
radio|rope|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
ankle|thigh|IsA|joint
doctor|worker|IsA|professional
rifle|barrel|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
bathroom|tower|CapableOf|be opened/closed
typewriter|scissors|HasA|keyboard
blender|cupboard|IsA|electrical appliance
squirrel|cockroach|HasProperty|four-legged
tank|screws|CapableOf|use electricity
cat|caterpillar|HasProperty|four-legged
girl|girlfriend|UsedFor|transportation
buffalo|tiger|HasA|hooves
sheep|dog|IsA|teeth
crocodile|cat|HasProperty|eat meat
bed|inn|AtLocation|at your home
crayon|knife|CapableOf|writing
rabbit|skunk|IsA|herbivore
trousers|dress|CapableOf|keep legs warm
sauce|potatoes|HasProperty|a liquid
flute|guitar|IsA|wind instrument
violin|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
crocodile|tiger|AtLocation|in africa
violin|accordion|CapableOf|easily carried around
aunt|doctor|HasProperty|a picture of a female
tongue|neck|UsedFor|eating
spoon|blender|CapableOf|scoop things
hose|rope|HasA|a type of metal
pants|wheelbarrow|PartOf|lower waistline
eagle|kite|HasProperty|a predator
elbow|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
donkey|horse|UsedFor|food products
cannon|drill|CapableOf|be launched/fired
barrel|grenade|CapableOf|contain water
liver|leg|AtLocation|on the inside
frog|ant|HasProperty|four-legged
eye|nail|AtLocation|below the knee
arm|fingers|MadeOf|a whole body part
screwdriver|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
jet|bowl|CapableOf|fly
strawberry|grapefruit|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
rifle|screws|CapableOf|used in war
paintbrush|comb|AtLocation|construction site
tank|drill|IsA|vessel
pear|plum|PartOf|group or bunch 
rocker|wheel|CapableOf|be turned on
jacket|skirt|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
pencil|paintbrush|HasA|graphite center
pants|jacket|AtLocation|on lower body
bacon|bean|HasProperty|meaty
cannon|wheel|CapableOf|used in war
aunt|wife|HasA|blood relationship with you
saxophone|harmonica|IsA|brass instrument
cannon|grenade|UsedFor|firing artillery
pony|tiger|UsedFor|human transport
lemon|garlic|IsA|fruit
coat|bag|HasProperty|a piece of clothing
beetle|cat|HasProperty|an insect
cat|donkey|HasA|paws
squirrel|porcupine|CapableOf|be held 
lobster|shrimp|HasA|claws
bridge|tent|HasA|start with a b
finger|neck|AtLocation|below where a watch is
shoulder|knees|MadeOf|upper body parts
bed|building|IsA|component of a home
knife|pencil|CapableOf|be used for drawing
window|finger|IsA|part of a building
foot|finger|AtLocation|below waist
bathroom|tower|AtLocation|in your apartment
oven|closet|IsA|electrical appliance
shoes|skirt|AtLocation|on your feet
neck|window|PartOf|human body
tractor|canoe|MadeOf|metal
bison|camel|IsA|has horns
bedroom|curtains|MadeOf|wood typically
woman|nurse|HasProperty|exclusively female
candle|necklace|CapableOf|give off light/glow
kite|starling|HasA|large wingspan
elbow|eye|IsA|organ
prince|brother|AtLocation|in a royal family
princess|boy|IsA|occupation
boat|sailboat|MadeOf|metal
shoes|gown|AtLocation|on your feet
rocker|wheel|CapableOf|make sound
airplane|bowl|HasA|the ability to fly
shrimp|asparagus|IsA|water animal
room|ceiling|PartOf|another card 
girlfriend|nurse|IsA|family member
grapefruit|cranberry|IsA|red  or orang
daughter|uncle|IsA|direct relation
bison|camel|IsA|carnivore 
cannon|grenade|HasA|wheels
pants|gown|IsA|worn on the lower body
iguana|snail|HasA| 4 limbs
plug|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
knee|fingers|PartOf|lower body
shirt|skirt|AtLocation|on your upper torso
thigh|ankle|HasProperty|a large part
pencil|paintbrush|CapableOf|to paint
foot|finger|PartOf|lower body
cockroach|frog|HasProperty|an insect
fingers|knee|IsA|plural
pony|elephant|HasA| mane (hair on it)
foot|wrist|HasProperty|lower body
rattlesnake|turtle|IsA|reptile
seagull|kite|HasProperty|a predator
blood|muscle|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
truck|scooter|HasProperty|a big heavy motor vehicle
harpsichord|trumpet|MadeOf|strings
wine|bean|IsA|liquid
sauce|potatoes|MadeOf|cup
vulture|seagull|HasA|large wing span
lamp|mirror|UsedFor|a light source
zebra|tiger|HasA|hooves
cow|cat|CapableOf|kill a human
knees|neck|AtLocation|below the waist 
cart|crocodile|HasA|horn
hand|ankle|PartOf|upper body
cabin|chapel|IsA|place to live permanently
squid|salmon|HasA|legs
raspberry|avocado|UsedFor|smoothies
blender|spoon|HasA|power supply
leg|elbow|PartOf|lower body
boat|tank|AtLocation|in water
deck|leg|PartOf|room
shoes|jacket|PartOf|lower waistline
bison|caribou|HasA|thick body
fawn|mink|PartOf|herd
tin|plastic|IsA|bottle
pony|bison|IsA|teeth
leopard|camel|IsA|predator 
beer|chocolate|IsA|liquid
bedroom|sofa|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
clarinet|accordion|HasA|reed to make it work
violin|clarinet|HasA|strings
steak|sandwich|HasProperty|meaty
door|wall|MadeOf|wood
sink|closet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
lime|coconut|IsA|citrus fruit
knees|shoulder|AtLocation|below waist
razor|spatula|HasA|sharp edge
shoulder|ankle|AtLocation|upper body
cathedral|cottage|UsedFor|religious gatherings
moth|worm|CapableOf|flying
boots|shirt|AtLocation|on lower body
bed|bungalow|PartOf|set of furniture
father|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
cucumber|beans|IsA|fruit
scissors|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
elephant|leopard|HasA|horn or antler
sauce|sugar|IsA|colour red
deck|neck|PartOf|house
bone|neck|AtLocation|on your head
radio|wheel|CapableOf|consume electricity
cow|deer|UsedFor|a source of milk
bolts|fan|UsedFor|a typical plumbing job
screwdriver|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
room|leg|PartOf|house
arm|window|IsA|body part
squirrel|turtle|HasProperty|furry
wasp|beetle|CapableOf|flying
bag|gown|IsA|an accessory
skirt|lamp|IsA|item of clothing
rifle|barrel|UsedFor|shooting
truck|wheel|HasProperty|consuming fuel
chandelier|necklace|CapableOf|generate light
ankle|eye|CapableOf|help you walk
floor|bathroom|UsedFor|tiling
bucket|tray|IsA|cylinder
sheep|crocodile|CapableOf|be domesticated
pelican|eagle|AtLocation|at a beach
plum|pear|HasA|stone inside
pen|brush|CapableOf|writing
raft|jeep|AtLocation|in water
tomato|rabbit|CapableOf|eating
girlfriend|man|HasProperty|a picture of a female
worker|nurse|HasProperty|royalty
roof|bathroom|AtLocation|on the outside of building
squirrel|otter|HasA|long tail
hand|neck|AtLocation|below where a watch is
arm|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
giraffe|cheetah|IsA|herbivore
lime|celery|IsA|fruit
salmon|shrimp|HasA|fins
ankle|kidney|IsA|part of the skeleton
skin|bone|IsA|limb
rifle|drill|HasProperty|made for violence
mink|rattlesnake|HasProperty|living in water
jeep|skateboard|HasProperty|consuming fuel
tap|clamp|IsA| kitchen appliance 
hose|tank|CapableOf|transport liquids
fingers|leg|PartOf|upper body
cabin|oak|MadeOf|one or more rooms
thigh|hand|AtLocation|on lower body
sauce|sandwich|IsA|liquid
avocado|garlic|HasProperty|a green food
flea|rattlesnake|HasProperty|an insect
garlic|celery|IsA|fruit
tank|skis|HasA|wheels
bison|giraffe|IsA|has horns
pear|cranberry|IsA|physical fruit or veg
squirrel|rabbit|CapableOf|climb trees
bathroom|hand|IsA|part of a building
worm|squirrel|IsA|bug
cat|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
lime|cherry|IsA|citrus fruit
chicken|cod|HasA|legs
hare|porcupine|HasA|long ears
bucket|bottle|HasA|handle
whisky|salad|HasProperty|a liquid
dress|chandelier|CapableOf|be worn
knees|shoulder|PartOf|lower body
onions|garlic|IsA|vegetable
plug|hose|AtLocation|at an electronics store
radio|plug|CapableOf|make or play music
gorilla|camel|CapableOf|walk on 2 feet
blender|kettle|UsedFor|making food
tractor|sailboat|UsedFor|land suitable one
cherry|coconut|IsA|red  or orang
knee|fingers|IsA|joint
truck|skateboard|CapableOf|carry multiple people
tongue|throat|UsedFor|eating
carpet|curtains|CapableOf|be sat on
dog|frog|HasA| mane (hair on it)
mink|plastic|IsA|bottle
zebra|horse|HasA|stripes
girlfriend|man|HasProperty|female
chicken|tomato|IsA|animal
crocodile|giraffe|HasA|stripes
boat|helicopter|AtLocation|on water
princess|girl|HasProperty|royalty
banjo|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
crayon|scissors|UsedFor|writing
worker|girlfriend|IsA|profession
wrist|neck|IsA|joint
wheel|rock|UsedFor|a vehicle
drill|barrel|AtLocation|in a toolbox
beaver|mink|IsA|herbivore
stick|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
fan|mixer|UsedFor|creating airflow
tomato|garlic|IsA|fruit
kidney|arm|AtLocation|inside
oven|dishwasher|UsedFor|cooking food
faucet|plug|IsA| kitchen appliance 
skin|ankle|AtLocation|on your head
leg|kidney|IsA|organ
bedroom|house|AtLocation|at your home
shrimp|chicken|AtLocation|at sea
socks|skirt|UsedFor|feet
grapefruit|raspberry|IsA|citrus fruit
wood|glass|CapableOf|burn
kidney|hair|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
wheel|tape|MadeOf|metal/steel
clarinet|accordion|IsA|wind instrument
butterfly|turtle|CapableOf|flying
kidney|body|HasProperty|filled or made of fluid
alligator|rabbit|IsA|predator
sauce|salad|IsA|liquid
rocker|plug|UsedFor|music related entertainment
razor|spatula|HasA|sharp cutting edge
candle|thermometer|UsedFor|lighting
roof|bar|PartOf|house
tap|stereo|UsedFor|water
boat|sailboat|HasA|an engine
cat|crocodile|HasA|fur
daughter|boy|HasProperty|a picture of a female
yacht|raft|MadeOf|metal
bolts|pipe|UsedFor|building
arm|toe|HasProperty|something humans have two of
drill|spatula|AtLocation|construction site
aunt|actress|HasA|blood relationship with you
daughter|man|HasProperty|exclusively female
brush|pliers|UsedFor|grooming
moth|ant|CapableOf|fly
elephant|frog|CapableOf|kill a human
rifle|pipe|CapableOf|shoot stuff out
forearm|foot|PartOf|upper body
falcon|parakeet|HasA|large wing span
shirt|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
fan|tape|CapableOf|consume electricity
blood|nail|AtLocation|inside
screws|cannon|UsedFor|harm
lobster|tuna|HasA|legs
liver|hair|AtLocation|on the inside
wheel|bolts|PartOf|tire
barn|apartment|HasProperty|beginning with a letter b
window|finger|PartOf|house
mouth|nose|UsedFor|eating
banana|raspberry|HasA|yellow color
clamp|hose|MadeOf|metal/steel
arm|neck|UsedFor|waving
bungalow|house|HasProperty|for the rich
aunt|boy|IsA|family member
prune|pear|IsA|berry
squirrel|beaver|IsA|rodent
blender|colander|HasProperty|electrically powered
saxophone|guitar|IsA|brass instrument
razor|typewriter|CapableOf|be used for hair
jacket|wheelbarrow|HasA|sleeves
knife|pen|HasA|sharp cutting edge
lobster|cod|HasA|legs
hair|toe|IsA|limb
razor|crayon|UsedFor|grooming
thigh|arm|UsedFor|walking
hawk|parakeet|HasProperty|a predator
room|fingers|PartOf|building
girl|cousin|HasProperty|a picture of a female
bone|skin|AtLocation|on the inside
toaster|door|UsedFor|heating items up
violin|harp|HasA|keys
turtle|elephant|HasA|a shell
squid|trout|IsA|mollusk
yacht|raft|HasA|wheels
bathroom|walls|HasA|glass
daughter|boy|HasProperty|female
orange|coconut|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
deer|gorilla|IsA|has horns
pen|spatula|UsedFor|writing/drawing
leg|ankle|HasProperty|a large part
cucumber|lime|IsA|vegetable
orange|avocado|HasProperty|a citrus fruit
trout|chicken|IsA|fish
aunt|princess|IsA|sibling
radio|bolts|IsA|electric 
boy|girl|HasA|head
typewriter|paintbrush|UsedFor|writing
camel|tiger|AtLocation|in africa
roof|finger|PartOf|building
blouse|skirt|IsA|white object
razor|pen|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
fawn|hare|HasA|antlers/horns
tank|skis|HasProperty|consuming fuel
leg|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
son|uncle|IsA|parentage relation
cousin|boy|HasProperty|a blood relative
salad|supper|HasA|vegetable(s)
hare|raccoon|HasA|long ear
fan|magazine|HasProperty|round shaped
lamp|mirror|CapableOf|give off light/glow
rocket|hose|CapableOf|use electricity
floor|arm|IsA|part of a building
banjo|harpsichord|HasA|strings
toe|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
clarinet|harpsichord|CapableOf|be held in hand
dog|horse|HasProperty|smaller than a desk
dishwasher|closet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
elbow|hair|IsA|part of the skeleton
plate|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
forearm|neck|UsedFor|waving
window|bar|PartOf|house
tiger|cart|HasA|stripes
chandelier|candle|MadeOf|metal
lantern|mirror|HasProperty|makes light
vulture|duck|HasProperty|a predator
tractor|skis|HasProperty|consuming fuel
bed|carpet|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
milk|sauce|UsedFor|drinking
cousin|woman|IsA|family member
deck|neck|PartOf|room
bolts|grenade|AtLocation|in a toolbox
bungalow|bedroom|UsedFor|human living
truck|scooter|CapableOf|carry multiple people
lantern|cigarette|UsedFor|a light source
cat|camel|IsA|typical pet
walls|bathroom|PartOf|room
arm|leg|AtLocation|upper body
chocolate|meat|MadeOf|cup
tiger|frog|HasProperty|fluffy
spoon|dishwasher|CapableOf|be held in your hand
crab|trout|HasA|shell
beans|olive|IsA|vegetable
shirt|bag|HasProperty|made to wear outdoors
robe|umbrella|HasA|piece of clothing that opens 
ankle|arm|IsA|joint
trumpet|flute|HasA|start with a t
cranberry|peach|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
scooter|yacht|HasA|wheels
finger|roof|PartOf|human body
alligator|elk|HasProperty|living in water
clarinet|tuba|UsedFor|sound
cougar|camel|IsA|type of big cat
turtle|elephant|AtLocation|in a river 
mother|aunt|UsedFor|a married person
crayon|scissors|CapableOf|writing
lime|beans|HasProperty|green
oven|cupboard|UsedFor|heating items up
rock|bolts|CapableOf|make sound
toe|liver|IsA|organ
neck|eye|IsA|limb
camel|deer|UsedFor|riding
cupboard|curtains|MadeOf|wood
hand|leg|AtLocation|upper body
octopus|salmon|IsA|mollusk
barrel|rocket|CapableOf|transport liquids
plate|strainer|HasProperty|part of a car
giraffe|buffalo|HasA|spots or stripes
avocado|raspberry|HasA|stone inside
wheel|rocker|HasA|turning elements(knobs, wheels, etc.)
kettle|cupboard|PartOf|kitchen appliance
trombone|piano|UsedFor|blowing
kettle|spoon|HasA|handle
skunk|coyote|CapableOf|climb trees
bison|hyena|HasA|horns 
hawk|duck|IsA|bird of prey
thigh|fingers|HasProperty|lower body
cockroach|flea|CapableOf|flying
finger|throat|IsA|(one of five) human senses
sheep|elephant|CapableOf|be domesticated
dog|camel|IsA|typical pet
dress|shoes|UsedFor|covering legs
fridge|closet|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
coat|shirt|HasProperty|usually worn as outer layer
shoes|dress|UsedFor|feet
magazine|bolts|CapableOf|capable of make loud sounds
squirrel|hare|AtLocation|on tree
camel|pony|CapableOf|be domesticated
chapel|inn|UsedFor|a place of worship
ship|airplane|CapableOf|float 
orange|cherry|HasA|seeds
door|bed|IsA|appliance in the kitchen
turtle|rattlesnake|CapableOf|be found in the water
violin|trumpet|CapableOf|easily carried around
thigh|elbow|AtLocation|below the waist 
pear|banana|HasA|seed/seeds/pit
leopard|cougar|IsA|predator 
celery|garlic|IsA|vegetable
gown|bag|UsedFor|covering legs
vulture|starling|HasA|large wingspan
pistol|wheel|IsA|hand-held weapon
fingers|bathroom|IsA|body part
plum|banana|HasA|edible skin
fawn|porcupine|HasA|horn
rocket|tank|UsedFor|harm
muscle|ankle|AtLocation|on the inside
screws|rifle|CapableOf|commonly be found at home
pigeon|kite|IsA|alive 
spade|willow|IsA|tool
cupboard|carpet|AtLocation|in the room you sleep
deer|crocodile|HasA| mane (hair on it)
knees|thigh|IsA|plural
church|inn|UsedFor|a place of worship
neck|skin|IsA|part of the skeleton
brush|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for drawing
tomato|lamb|IsA|fruit or vegetable
dress|trousers|IsA|typically female clothing item
yacht|bike|UsedFor|riding on water
hand|toe|MadeOf|upper body parts
microwave|blender|UsedFor|heating items up
grenade|rocket|HasProperty|made for violence
boy|mother|HasA|head
muscle|nail|AtLocation|on the inside
brush|pen|CapableOf|be used for drawing
ship|bowl|AtLocation|on water
toe|fingers|AtLocation|below the waist 
wrist|foot|AtLocation|in your upper body
elephant|ox|UsedFor|travel
tap|tape|UsedFor|dispensing water
tank|cannon|HasA|caterpillar treads
chicken|trout|HasA|legs
cherry|pear|CapableOf|be eaten in one bite
banana|avocado|HasProperty|usually in color yellow
wife|man|CapableOf|become pregnant 
cherry|grapefruit|HasA|edible skin
spatula|comb|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
bike|skis|MadeOf|metal
avocado|grapefruit|HasA|big seed
raspberry|pear|HasProperty|red
tank|plate|HasProperty|made for violence
liquor|sauce|UsedFor|drinking
doctor|mother|IsA|male
jeep|yacht|HasA|wheels
worker|cousin|IsA|profession
hand|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
coconut|cucumber|IsA|fruit
faucet|rope|CapableOf|control the flow of liquid
squirrel|mole|HasA|big ears
pants|shirt|IsA|worn on the lower body
cockroach|cat|HasProperty|an insect
knees|hand|HasProperty|lower body
tent|cottage|IsA|4 letter word
ceiling|room|AtLocation|above your head in general
scissors|stick|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
chisel|knife|AtLocation|in a toolbox
aunt|nurse|HasA|a blood relation with you
inn|church|HasA|own altar
brow|tongue|PartOf|makeup regimen
trumpet|harmonica|IsA|brass instrument
kidney|nail|AtLocation|inside
fingers|leg|MadeOf|upper body parts
lemon|cherry|HasProperty|yellow
wheel|scooter|CapableOf|hold more than one person
mirror|candle|MadeOf|glass
scooter|skis|MadeOf|metal
worker|aunt|IsA|profession
goat|bison|HasProperty|domesticable (usually)
pencil|typewriter|UsedFor|cutting
prune|coconut|IsA|berry
elephant|bison|IsA|teeth
banana|coconut|HasProperty|mostly yellow
ceiling|tower|PartOf|room
yacht|jeep|UsedFor|riding on water
camel|elephant|UsedFor|crossing deserts
turtle|elephant|IsA|amphibian
neck|bone|HasProperty|on a person's exterior
dishwasher|colander|HasProperty|consuming electricity
walls|window|AtLocation|at ground level
robe|jacket|IsA|white object
harp|harmonica|MadeOf|strings
truck|skis|HasA|wheels
bolts|rocker|HasA|a type of metal
sandwich|supper|MadeOf|bread
neck|thigh|HasProperty|upper body
dress|lantern|CapableOf|be worn
man|wife|HasProperty|male
shoulder|finger|HasProperty|something humans have two of
socks|blouse|HasProperty|worn below the waist
necklace|lamp|HasProperty|something to be worn
brush|paintbrush|CapableOf|be used for hair
fawn|rattlesnake|CapableOf|walk on 4 legs
grapefruit|garlic|IsA|fruit
father|woman|HasProperty|royalty
squid|chicken|IsA|mollusk
octopus|catfish|HasA|legs/tentacles 
strawberry|banana|IsA|red  or orang
pipe|tank|UsedFor|daily usage 
orange|lemon|IsA|red  or orang
scarf|clock|CapableOf|be worn
rifle|gun|HasProperty|longer than one foot
buggy|wheel|HasA|an engine
groundhog|mink|AtLocation|on tree
sister|actress|HasA|multiple people pictured
rabbit|squirrel|AtLocation|underground
nose|throat|PartOf|face
barrel|tray|UsedFor|storing wine
paintbrush|spatula|AtLocation|construction site
elk|gorilla|HasA|horn
tray|toilet|MadeOf|/mostly made of metal
apartment|cottage|IsA|usually rented
car|tank|HasA|wheels
crocodile|camel|CapableOf|fly
elephant|crocodile|HasA|horn or antler
